Conditions of Use & Sale

Last updated on 11 August, 2021.

To see the previous iteration of the Conditions of Use & Sale click here.

Welcome to Amazon.co.uk.

Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL and/or their affiliates ("Amazon") provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Amazon.co.uk (the "website"), use Amazon devices, products, or services, use Amazon applications for mobile, or use software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively "Amazon Services"). Please see our Privacy Notice, our Cookies Notice, and our Interest-Based Ads Notice to understand how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon Services. Amazon provides the Amazon Services and sells our products to you subject to the conditions set out on this page. Amazon.co.uk is the trading name for Amazon.

    Conditions of Use
    Conditions of Sale

Conditions of Use

Please read these conditions carefully before using Amazon Services. By using Amazon Services, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions. We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use an Amazon Service (for example Your Profile, Gift Cards or Amazon applications for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.

    Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right Infringements
    Notice and Procedure for Notifying Amazon of Defamatory Content

1. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

When you use any Amazon Service or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We will communicate with you electronically in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, text, in-app push notices or by posting e-mail messages or communications on the website or through the other Amazon Services, such as our Message Centre. For contractual purposes, you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing, unless mandatory applicable laws specifically require a different form of communication.

2. RECOMMENDATIONS AND PERSONALISATION

As part of the Amazon Services, we will recommend features, products, and services, including third part ads that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience.
3. COPYRIGHT, AUTHORS' RIGHTS AND DATABASE RIGHTS

All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright, authors' rights and database right laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive property of Amazon and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright and database right laws.

You may not extract and/or re-utilise parts of the content of any Amazon Service without our express written consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation any substantial parts of the content of any Amazon Service, without our express written consent. You may also not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial parts of any Amazon Service (e.g. our prices and product listings) without our express written consent.
4. TRADEMARKS

Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks. In addition graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or trade dress of Amazon. Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits Amazon. All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear in any Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Amazon.
5. PATENTS

One or more patents owned by Amazon apply to the Amazon Services and to the features and services accessible via the Amazon Services. Portions of the Amazon Services operate under license of one or more patents. Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of applicable Amazon patents and applicable licensed patents.

6. LICENCE AND ACCESS

Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and applicable Service Terms and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services. This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.

All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders, or other content providers. No Amazon Service, nor any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without our express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising Amazon's names or trademarks without our express written consent.

You may not misuse the Amazon Services. You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law. The licences granted by Amazon terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.

7. YOUR ACCOUNT

You may need your own Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services, and you may be required to be logged into the account and have a valid payment method associated with it.

If there is a problem charging your selected payment method we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your account. Click Your Payments and then Manage payment options to manage options.

If you use any Amazon Service you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and to the extent permitted by applicable law you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be used in an unauthorised manner. You are responsible for ensuring that the details you provide us with are correct and complete, and for informing us of any changes to the information you have provided. You can access your information in the Your Account section of the website. Please see our Protecting Your Privacy Help Page to access your personal information.

You must not use any Amazon Service: (i) in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, any Amazon Service, or any access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offence or other unlawful activity, or (iii) to cause annoyance, inconvenience or anxiety.

We reserve the right to refuse any Amazon Services or terminate accounts if your behaviour gives justified reason to do so. This will in particular be the case if you are in breach of applicable laws, applicable contractual provisions, our guidelines or our policies, which are all accessible on the website. Notwithstanding any such limitation or termination, you will continue to have access to content and services purchased by you up to that point.

8. REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT

Visitors may post reviews, comments and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, as long as the content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. We reserve the right (but not, in the absence of a valid notice form, the obligation) to remove or edit such content. If you believe that any content on or advertised for sale on any Amazon Service contains a defamatory statement, or that your intellectual property rights are being infringed by an item or information on any Amazon Service, please notify us by completing and submitting the appropriate notice form and we will respond.

If you post customer reviews, comments, customer questions or answers, or other content generated by you for display on the website (including any images, video or audio, all together "content", you grant Amazon (a) a non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, publish, make available, translate and modify such content throughout the world (including the right to sublicense these rights to third parties) and (b) the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. No moral rights are transferred by this provision.

You may delete your content from public view or, where such functionality is offered, change settings so that it is only shown to people to whom you grant access.

You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that, as at the date that the content or material is posted: (i) the content and material is accurate; and (ii) use of the content and material you supply does not breach any applicable policies or guidelines and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or material is not defamatory). You agree to indemnify Amazon for all claims brought by a third party against Amazon arising out of or in connection with the content and material you supply except to the extent that any liability arises from our failure to properly remove the content when it is notified of the illegal nature of the content (Notice Form) arising out of or on the grounds of, or originating from the content that you have communicated to us. By deleting content from public view, you withdraw your license for Amazon to publish and make available that content publicly.

9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS

Amazon respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to concerns of infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right Infringements.

10. AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS

In addition to these Conditions of Use, the terms found under Additional Amazon Software Terms apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software and any related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for your use in connection with Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software").

11. OTHER BUSINESS

Parties other than Amazon operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on this website. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. Amazon does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all of these or any other third parties. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we may share your information related to those transactions with that third party. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.

12. AMAZON'S ROLE

Amazon allows third party sellers to list and sell their products at Amazon.co.uk. In each such case this is indicated on the respective product detail page. While Amazon as a service provider helps facilitate transactions that are carried out on the Amazon website, Amazon is neither the buyer nor the seller of the seller's items. Amazon provides a service for sellers and buyers to negotiate and complete transactions. Accordingly, the contract formed at the completion of a sale for these third party products is solely between buyer and seller. Amazon is not a party to this contract nor assumes any responsibility arising out of or in connection with it nor is it the seller's agent. The seller is responsible for the sale of the products and for dealing with any buyer claims or any other issue arising out of or in connection with the contract between the buyer and seller. Because Amazon wants the buyer to have a safer buying experience, Amazon provides the Amazon A-to-z guarantee in addition to any contractual or other rights. For conditions relating to the sale by third parties to you on Amazon.co.uk see the Participation Agreement.

13. OUR LIABILITY

We will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the Amazon Services will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, due to the nature of the internet, this cannot be guaranteed. Also, your access to Amazon Services may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.

Amazon will not be responsible for (i) losses that were not caused by any breach on our part, or (ii) any business loss (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure), or (iii) any indirect or consequential losses that were not foreseeable to both you and us when you commenced using the Amazon Services.

We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your legal right to have goods sent or services provided within a reasonable time or to receive a refund if goods or services ordered cannot be supplied within a reasonable time owing to a cause beyond our reasonable control.

The laws of some countries do not allow some or all of the limitations described above. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you and you might have additional rights.

Nothing in these conditions limits or excludes our responsibility for fraudulent representations made by us or for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or wilful misconduct.

14. APPLICABLE LAW

These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the EU or the UK, you additionally enjoy the protection afforded to you by mandatory provisions of the law of your country of residence. We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the district of Luxembourg City, which means that you may bring a claim to enforce your consumer protection rights in connection with these Conditions of Use in Luxembourg or in the EU country in which you live. If you reside in the EU, the European Commission provides for an online dispute resolution platform, which you can access here: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. If you would like to bring a matter to our attention, please contact us.
15. EXPORT CONTROLS

You agree that you will not export, re-export, or transfer any products (including software or other digital products) that you have purchased on the website to any country, individual, corporation, organisation, or entity to which such export is restricted or prohibited by law. For example, economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the European Union, the United Nations, US Departments of State, Treasury or Commerce, and other government authorities (such as embargoes imposed on specific countries, or economic sanctions imposed on individuals or companies for terrorism or money laundering offences) may prohibit you from taking products to other countries, even for your own personal use, and/or sending products (whether physically by mail or digitally via email or file-sharing) to particular individuals, corporations, organisations or entities. In addition, you agree that you will not purchase any product or service from the website if you are subject to restrictive measures (sanctions)."

16. ALTERATIONS TO SERVICE OR AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF USE

We reserve the right to make changes to any Amazon Services, policies, terms and conditions including these Conditions of Use, and Service Terms at any time. You will be subject to the terms and conditions, policies and Conditions of Use in force at the time that you use the Amazon Services. If any of these Conditions of Use is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
17. WAIVER

If you breach these Conditions of Use and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions of Use.
18. CHILDREN

We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 you may use the Amazon Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
19. OUR CONTACT DETAILS

This website is owned and maintained by Amazon Europe Core SARL. Specific terms of use and sale for other Amazon Services, for example the MP3 Music Service which is operated by Amazon Media EU SARL, can be found within this website.

For Amazon Europe Core SARL:

Amazon Europe Core SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg 
RCS Luxembourg No: B180022
Business Licence Number: 10040783
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 26375245

Other contacts:

For Amazon EU SARL:

Amazon EU SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg 
RCS Luxembourg No: B-101818
Business Licence Number: 134248
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20260743

Local Registered Branch:

Amazon EU SARL, UK Branch, 1 Principal Place, London, Worship Street, EC2A 2FA, United Kingdom
Registered in England & Wales
Company No. FC032354
UK Establishment No. BR17427
UK VAT Number: GB 727255821

For Amazon Services Europe SARL:

Amazon Services Europe SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg No: B-93815
Business Licence Number: 132595
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU19647148

For Amazon Media EU SARL:

Amazon Media EU SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg 
RCS Luxembourg No: 112767
Business Licence Number: 136312
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20944528

20. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF RIGHT INFRINGEMENTS

If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed and you are eligible for Brand Registry, please sign up to that service and submit your complaint via Brand Registry. Otherwise, please submit your complaint using our online Report Infringement form. This form may be used to report all types of intellectual property claims including, but not limited to, copyright, trademark, design and patent claims

Upon receipt of a complaint we may take certain actions, including removing information or an item, and termination of repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances. All such actions are taken without any admission as to liability and without prejudice to any rights, remedies or defenses, all of which are expressly reserved. This includes forwarding the complaint to the parties involved in the provision of the allegedly infringing content. You agree to indemnify Amazon for all claims brought by a third party against Amazon arising out of or in connection with the submission of a complaint.

Note on Third Party Seller Listings: Please keep in mind that Third Party Seller listings are merely hosted on Amazon.co.uk and are posted solely at the direction of Third Party Sellers who may be contacted via their Seller Information page, accessible from any of their listings.

ASIN and ISBN-10, Defined: "ASIN" stands for Amazon Standard Item (or Identification) Number and is a ten (10) character identifier. It can be found below any listing under Product Details. "ISBN-10" stands for International Standard Book Number and is a ten (10) digit identifier that can be found on some book listings under Product Details.

Important Warning: giving false, misleading or inaccurate information in the Notice Form to Amazon may result in civil and/or criminal liability. You should contact a legal advisor should you have any questions.

21. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFYING AMAZON OF DEFAMATORY CONTENT

Because millions of products are listed and many thousands of customer reviews and comments are hosted on Amazon.co.uk, it is not possible for us to be aware of the contents of each product listed for sale, or each customer review or comment that is displayed. Accordingly, we operate on a "notice and action" basis. If you believe that any content on, or within a product advertised for sale on, the Amazon.co.uk website contains a defamatory statement, please notify Amazon immediately by completing and submitting a Notice to Amazon.co.uk of Defamatory Content. Follow the instructions in the notice and send it to defamation-notice@amazon.co.uk with the subject line "UK Defamation Notice [insert your name]" or, alternatively, send it by post to:

Defamation Notices,
Amazon EU Sarl, UK Branch
c/o Amazon UK Services Ltd, Legal Department
1 Principal Place
London
EC2A 2FA
United Kingdom 

Important Warning: giving false, misleading or inaccurate information in the Notice to Amazon.co.uk of Defamatory Content on Amazon.co.uk may result in civil and criminal liability.

ADDITIONAL AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS

    Use of the Amazon Software. You may use Amazon Software solely for purposes of enabling you to use and enjoy the Amazon Services as provided by Amazon, and as permitted by the Conditions of Use, these Software Terms and any Service Terms. You may not incorporate any portion of the Amazon Software into your own programs or compile any portion of it in combination with your own programs, transfer it for use with another service, or sell, rent, lease, lend, loan, distribute or sub-license the Amazon Software or otherwise assign any rights to the Amazon Software in whole or in part. You may not use the Amazon Software for any illegal purpose. We may cease providing any Amazon Software and we may terminate your right to use any Amazon Software at any time. Your rights to use the Amazon Software will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of these Software Terms, the Conditions of Use or any other Service Terms. Additional third party terms contained within or distributed with certain Amazon Software that are specifically identified in related documentation may apply to that Amazon Software (or software incorporated with the Amazon Software) and will govern the use of such software in the event of a conflict with these Conditions of Use. All software used in any Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and protected by Luxembourg and international copyright laws.
    Use of Third Party Services. When you use the Amazon Software, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile platform provider. Your use of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties.
    No Reverse Engineering. Unless explicitly permitted under applicable mandatory law, you may not, and you will not encourage, assist or authorise any other person to copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or otherwise tamper with, the Amazon Software, whether in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or of the Amazon Software.
    Updates. In order to keep the Amazon Software up-to-date, we may offer automatic or manual updates at any time and without notice to you.

Conditions of Sale

These Conditions of Sale govern the sale of products by Amazon EU SARL to you. For conditions relating to the sale by third parties to you on Amazon.co.uk see the Participation Agreement . We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use an Amazon Service (for example Your Profile, Gift Cards or Amazon applications for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions of Sale are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.

Please read these conditions carefully before placing an order with Amazon EU SARL. By placing an order with Amazon EU SARL, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions.

1. OUR CONTRACT

Your order is an offer to Amazon to buy the product(s) in your order. When you place an order to purchase a product from Amazon, we will send you an e-mail confirming receipt of your order and containing the details of your order (the "Order Confirmation E-mail"). The Order Confirmation E-mail is acknowledgement that we have received your order, and does not confirm acceptance of your offer to buy the product(s) ordered. We only accept your offer, and conclude the contract of sale for a product ordered by you, when we dispatch the product to you and send e-mail confirmation to you that we've dispatched the product to you (the "Dispatch Confirmation E-mail"). If your order is dispatched in more than one package, you may receive a separate Dispatch Confirmation E-mail for each package, and each Dispatch Confirmation E-mail and corresponding dispatch will conclude a separate contract of sale between us for the product(s) specified in that Dispatch Confirmation E-mail. Your contract is with Amazon EU Sarl. Without affecting your right of cancellation set out in section 2 below, you can cancel your order for a product at no cost any time before we send the Dispatch Confirmation E-mail relating to that product. This right to cancel does not apply to certain categories of products and services, including digital products or software which are not supplied in a physical format (e.g. on a CD or DVD), once download or use (whichever is earlier) has begun.

You consent to receive sales invoices electronically. Electronic invoices will be made available in pdf format in the Your Account area of the web site. For each delivery, we will inform you in our Dispatch Confirmation E-mail if an electronic invoice is available. For further information about electronic invoices and instructions on how to receive a paper copy please refer to our help pages.

Please note that we sell products only in quantities which correspond to the typical needs of an average household. This applies both to the number of products ordered within a single order and the placing of several orders for the same product where the individual orders comprise a quantity typical for a normal household.
2. RIGHT OF CANCELLATION UP TO 14 DAYS, EXCEPTIONS TO CANCELLATION AND OUR VOLUNTARY RETURNS GUARANTEE

STATUTORY RIGHT

Unless one of the exceptions listed below applies, you can cancel your order without giving any reason within 14 days from the day on which you or a third party indicated by you (other than the carrier) receives the goods purchased (or last good, lot or piece if it relates to goods or multiple lots or pieces delivered separately) or from the day of the conclusion of the contract, in the case of services or digital content not supplied in a tangible medium (e.g. CD or DVD).

You must inform us (Amazon EU Sarl, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxemburg) of your decision to cancel your order. You may submit your request according to the instructions and forms available on our Returns Support Centre, by contacting us, or using this Cancellation Form . In case you use the return centre, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt by e-mail. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication before the 14 days’ cancellation period has expired and return the item via our return centre.

For additional information on the scope, content and instructions for the exercise, please contact our Customer Service.

EFFECTS OF CANCELLATION

We will reimburse all payments received from you for the goods purchased and will also reimburse delivery charges for the least expensive type of delivery offered by us, no later than 14 days from the day on which we received the above communication. We will use the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise. In any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received the goods back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest. If reimbursement occurs after the maximum time period mentioned above, the amount due to you will as of right be increased.

Note that you must send back the goods by following the instructions available on our return centre no later than 14 days from the day on which us you communicate your cancellation. You will have to bear the direct cost of returning these goods. You may be liable if the value of the goods returned diminishes due to the handling of the goods (except when it was necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods).

EXCEPTIONS TO THE RIGHT OF CANCELLATION

The right of cancellation does not apply to:

    the delivery of products which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygienic reasons if unsealed by you after delivery, or which are, after delivery, inseparably mixed with other items;
    the delivery of sealed audio or video recordings or of sealed software if unsealed by you after delivery;
    the supply of goods made to your specifications or clearly personalized;
    the supply of goods which may deteriorate or expire rapidly;
    a service if Amazon has fully performed it and you accepted when you placed your order that we could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel it once delivery had started;
    the supply of digital content (including apps, digital software, ebooks, MP3, etc) which is not supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD) if you accepted when you placed your order that we could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel it once delivery had started;
    the delivery of newspapers, journals or magazines with the exception of subscription contracts for the supply of such publications; and
    the supply of alcoholic beverages whose actual value is dependent on fluctuations in the market which we cannot control.

OUR VOLUNTARY RETURNS GUARANTEE

Without prejudice to your statutory rights, Amazon provides you with the following voluntary returns guarantee:

All products from the Amazon sites can be returned within 30 days of receipt of the products to Amazon if the products are complete and are in an unused and undamaged condition. For shrink-wrapped and/or sealed data media (for example CDs, audio cassettes, VHS videos, DVDs, PC and video games and software) this means that we only take back the products in the unopened shrink wrap film or with an undamaged seal. The products are to be returned via our Returns Support Centre. This voluntary returns guarantee does not apply to digital products or software which are not supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD).

If you return products according to this voluntary returns guarantee, we will refund to you the purchase price already paid by you, but not the delivery costs of your initial purchase. Likewise the transport risk and return costs might be borne by you. If you return Fashion items specific policies apply, for more details see Free Returns on Fashion Items. This returns guarantee does not affect your statutory rights and therefore does not affect your right of cancellation as described above.

Details on returning and examples can be found at Returns and Refunds.
3. PRICING AND AVAILABILITY

All prices are inclusive of legally applicable VAT.

We list availability information for products sold by us on the website including on each product information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the website, we cannot be more specific about availability. As we process your order, we will inform you by e-mail as soon as possible if any products you order turn out to be unavailable and you will not be charged for those products.

Please note that unless otherwise stated on the website, delivery estimates are just that. They are not guaranteed delivery times and should not be relied upon as such.

Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalogue may be mispriced. We will verify pricing when processing your order and before we take payment. If we have made a mistake and a product's correct price is higher than the price on the website, we may either contact you before dispatch to request whether you want to buy the product at the correct price or cancel your order. If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product.
4. PRODUCT INFORMATION

Unless expressly indicated otherwise, Amazon is not the manufacturer of the products sold on this website. While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information to that displayed on our website. Ingredients may also change. All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented on our website. Please always read labels, warnings and directions provided with the product before use.

For healthcare products, in the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read the information provided with the product or contact the manufacturer. Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by a medical practitioner, pharmacist or other licensed healthcare professional. Contact your healthcare provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem. Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or health condition. Amazon accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties. This does not affect your statutory rights.
5. CUSTOMS

When ordering products from Amazon for delivery outside of mainland UK you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information. Additionally, please note that when ordering from Amazon, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the products. Your privacy is important to us and we would like our international customers to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities. For more information see About Customs.
6. 1-CLICK ORDERING

1-Click ordering is the fastest and easiest way to order products safely and securely from Amazon. If you are using a public or shared computer terminal, we strongly recommend that you deactivate 1-Click ordering when you are not at the computer.

7. OUR LIABILITY

Amazon and its affiliates will not be responsible for (i) losses that were not caused by any breach on our part, or (ii) any business loss (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure), or (iii) any indirect or consequential losses that were not foreseeable to both you and us when the contract for the sale of products by us to you was formed.

The laws of some countries do not allow some or all of the limitations described above. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you and you might have additional rights.

Nothing in these conditions limits or excludes our responsibility for fraudulent representations made by us or for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or wilful misconduct.

We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your right to have the products sent to you within a reasonable time. If the delay occurs before the products are dispatched, we will not charge you for the products until they are dispatched and you may cancel your order at any time prior to dispatch.

8. APPLICABLE LAW

These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (with the exception of its conflict of law provisions), and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the District of Luxembourg City, which means that you may bring a claim to enforce your consumer protection rights in connection with these Conditions of Sale in Luxembourg, the UK or in the EU country in which you live. If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the EU or the UK, you additionally enjoy the protection afforded to you by mandatory provisions of the law of your country of residence.
9. AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF SALE

We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, and terms and conditions, including these Conditions of Sale at any time. You will be subject to the terms and conditions, policies and Conditions of Sale in force at the time that you order products from us, unless any change to those terms and conditions, policies or these Conditions of Sale is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it may apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of these Conditions of Sale is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
10. WAIVER

If you breach these Conditions of Sale and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions of Sale.
11. CHILDREN

We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 you may only use Amazon.co.uk with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
12. OUR CONTACT DETAILS

Our contact details are:

Amazon EU SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share Capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg No: B-101818
Business Licence Number: 134248
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number:  LU 20260743

Local Registered Branch:

Amazon EU SARL, UK Branch, 1 Principal Place, London, Worship Street, EC2A 2FA, United Kingdom
Registered in England & Wales
Company No. FC032354
UK Establishment No. BR017427
UK VAT Number: GB 727255821
https://www.booking.com/content/terms.en-gb.html?aid=356980;label=gog235jc-1DCBQoggJCBXRlcm1zSDNYA2hxiAEBmAEJuAEHyAEP2AED6AEBiAIBqAIDuAKf0rCABsACAdICJDg0NTJlNGY2LTlhYTMtNDZkYS05OTg1LWVmMTA5NjczNzI0MdgCBOACAQ;sid=fcc464f30eae9a7695b6c425d2982c61;keep_landing=1&

2021-01-23 14:48:15

Trip terms and conditions
Content

    Code of Good Practices
    Introduction TCs
    TCs:
        Definitions
        Scope and nature of our Service
        Prices, We Price Match, Genius programme and offers facilitated by a partner company
        Privacy and cookies
        Free of charge for consumers, only Trip Providers pay!
        Credit card or bank transfer
        Pre-payment, cancellation, no-show and fine print
        (Further) correspondence and communication
        Ranking, preferred programme, stars and guest reviews
        Disclaimer
        Intellectual property rights
        Applicable law, jurisdiction, and dispute resolution
        About Booking.com and the support companies

Code of Good Practices

Our mission is to empower people to experience the world, by offering the world's best places to stay and greatest places and attractions to visit in the most convenient way. In order to achieve this goal, we will live up to the following good practices:

    We care about you: and therefore offer our Platform and customer service in 40+ languages
    We bring and allow you to experience: 1.5m+ properties from high (high) end to whatever serves your needs for your next stay in a hotel, motel, hostel, B&B, etc. wherever on the planet
    We bring and allow you to experience attractions and other Trip Providers
    We can facilitate the payment of any (entrance) fee, purchase or hire of any Trip product and service which uses our payment service
    We help you (24/7): our customer service centers are here to help you 24-7-365-40+
    We listen to you: our Platform is the product of what YOU (the users) prefer and find most convenient when using our service
    We hear you: we show uncensored reviews (of customers who have actually stayed)
    We promise you an informative, user-friendly website that guarantees the best available prices.
    We Price Match

Introduction TCs

These terms and conditions, as may be amended from time to time, apply to all our services directly or indirectly (through distributors) made available online, through any mobile device, by email or by telephone. By accessing, browsing and using our (mobile) website or any of our applications through whatever platform (hereafter collectively referred to as the "Platform") and/or by completing a reservation, you acknowledge and agree to have read, understood and agreed to the terms and conditions set out below (including the privacy statement).

These pages, the content and infrastructure of these pages, and the online reservation service (including the facilitation of payment service) provided by us on these pages and through the website are owned, operated and provided by Booking.com B.V. and are provided for your personal, non-commercial (B2C) use only, subject to the terms and conditions set out below. The relationship that we have with the Trip Providers are governed by separate terms and conditions which govern the (B2B) commercial relationship we have with each of these Trip Providers. Each Trip Provider acts in a professional manner vis-à-vis Booking.com when making its product and/or service available on or through Booking.com (both for its business-to-business ("B2B") and/or business-to-consumer ("B2C") relationship). Please note that Trip Providers may have, declare applicable and/or require (acceptance of) – in addition to the policies and fine print as disclosed on the website, their own (delivery / shipping / carriage / usage) terms and conditions and house rules for the use, access and consummation of the Trip (which may include certain disclaimers and limitations of liability).

Definitions

"Booking.com", "us", "we" or "our" means Booking.com B.V., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, and having its registered address at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. "Platform" means the (mobile) website and app on which the Trip Service is made available owned, controlled, managed, maintained and/or hosted by Booking.com. "Trip" means the various different travel products and services that can be ordered, acquired, purchased, bought, paid, rented, provided, reserved, combined or consummated by you from the Trip Provider.

"Trip Provider" means the provider of accommodation (e.g. hotel, motel, apartment, bed & breakfast, landlord), attractions (e.g. (theme) parks, museums, sightseeing tours), transportation provider (e.g. car rentals, cruises, rail, airport rides, coach tours, transfers), tour operators, travel insurances, and any other travel or related product or service as from time to time available for Trip Reservation on the Platform (whether B2B or B2C).

"Trip Service" means the online purchase, order, (facilitated) payment or reservation service as offered or enabled by Booking.com in respect of various products and services as from time to time made available by Trip Providers on the Platform.

"Trip Reservation" means the order, purchase, payment, booking or reservation of a Trip.

1. Scope and nature of our Service

Through the Platform, we (Booking.com B.V. and its affiliate (distribution) partners) provide an online platform through which Trip Providers – in their professional conduct of business (i.e. B2C or B2B) – can advertise, market, sell, promote and/or offer (as applicable) their products and service for order, purchase, reservation, rent or hire, and through which relevant visitors of the Platform can discover, search, compare, and make an order, reservation, purchase or payment (i.e. the Trip Service). By using or utilizing the Trip Service (e.g. by making a Trip Reservation through the Trip Service), you enter into a direct (legally binding) contractual relationship with the Trip Provider with which you make a reservation or purchase a product or service (as applicable). From the point at which you make your Trip Reservation, we act solely as an intermediary between you and the Trip Provider, transmitting the relevant details of your Trip Reservation to the relevant Trip Provider(s) and sending you a confirmation email for and on behalf of the Trip Provider. Booking.com does not (re)sell, rent out, offer any (travel) product or service.

When rendering our Trip Service, the information that we disclose is based on the information provided to us by Trip Providers. As such, the Trip Providers that market and promote their Trip on the Platform are given access to our systems and extranet through which they are fully responsible for updating all rates/fees/prices, availability, policies & conditions and other relevant information which is displayed on our Platform. Although we will use reasonable skill and care in performing our Trip Service, we will not verify if, and cannot guarantee that, all information is accurate, complete or correct, nor can we be held responsible for any errors (including manifest and typographical errors), any interruptions (whether due to any (temporary and/or partial) breakdown, repair, upgrade or maintenance of our Platform or otherwise), inaccurate, misleading or untrue information or non-delivery of information. Each Trip Provider remains responsible at all times for the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the (descriptive) information (including the rates/fees/prices, policies & conditions and availability) displayed on our Platform. Our Platform does not constitute and should not be regarded as a recommendation or endorsement of the quality, service level, qualification or (star) rating, type of accommodation of any Trip Provider (or its facilities, venue, vehicles, (main or ancillary) products or services) made available, save as explicitly indicated or set out otherwise.

Our Trip Service is made available for personal and non-commercial use only. Therefore, you are not allowed to re-sell, deep-link, use, copy, monitor (e.g. spider, scrape), display, download or reproduce any content or information, software, reservations, tickets, products or services available on our Platform for any commercial or competitive activity or purpose.

2. Prices, We Price Match, Genius programme and offers facilitated by a partner company

The prices as offered by the Trip Providers on our Platform are highly competitive. All prices for your Trip are displayed including VAT/sales tax and all other taxes (subject to change of such taxes) and fees, unless stated differently on our Platform or the confirmation email/ticket. Ticket prices are per person or group and subject to validity or expiration as indicated on the ticket, if applicable. Applicable fees and taxes (including tourist/city tax) may be charged by the Trip Provider in the event of a no-show or cancellation.

Sometimes cheaper rates are available on our Platform for a specific stay, product or service, however, these rates made available by Trip Providers may carry special restrictions and conditions, for example non-cancelable and non-refundable. Please check the relevant product, service and reservation conditions and details thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation.

We want you to pay the lowest price possible for your product and service of choice. Should you find your property of choice booked through the Platform, with the same Trip conditions, at a lower rate on the Internet after you have made a reservation through us, we will match the difference between our rate and the lower rate under the terms and conditions of the We Price Match. Our We Price Match promise does not apply to non-accommodations related products and services.

The currency converter is for information purposes only and should not be relied upon as accurate and real time; actual rates may vary.

Obvious errors and mistakes (including misprints) are not binding.

All special offers and promotions are marked as such. If they are not labelled as such, you cannot derive any rights in the event of obvious errors or mistakes.
Genius programme

The Genius rate is a discounted rate offered by participating properties for certain rooms/accommodation types.

The Genius rate is for members of the Booking.com Genius programme. The Genius programme is open to anyone that has an account on the Platform. There are no membership fees and all you need to do to become a member is complete two (2) stays in two (2) years. The membership and the Genius rates are for that individual member and are non-transferable. Membership can also be linked to specific campaigns or incentives, as occasionally launched or communicated per Booking.com’s sole discretion.

The Genius programme currently offers two (2) membership levels based upon the number of reservations made through the Booking.com platform, each with different levels of discount on selected properties and/or selected options (10% resp. 15%). Membership levels may vary and may be subject to change, at the sole discretion of Booking.com.

Booking.com reserves the right to revoke and cancel the Genius membership of any individual in the event of abuse, such as violation of these terms & conditions, and/or use of invalid credit cards. Booking.com furthermore reserves the right to revoke and cancel the Genius membership of any individual who engages in inappropriate behavior, such as violence, threat, harassment, discrimination, obscenity or fraud in relation to Booking.com (or its employees and agents) and/or the accommodation (or its employees and agents).

The Genius rate cannot be combined or used with other discounts (unless approved by the accommodation or indicated otherwise). Booking.com may, at its discretion, (partially) alter, limit or modify the Genius programme structure or any other feature of the programme (including but not limited to the (status of the) subject Genius level(s)), for any reason, without prior notice.

The Genius membership is linked to your account on Booking.com and will not expire or otherwise terminate unless you terminate, close, delete or otherwise revoke your account. Without notice to you, Booking.com also reserves the right to “unregister" or otherwise disable an account that is inactive. An inactive account is defined as an account that has not made a reservation for more than five (5) years. In the event that your account is disabled, you will no longer be eligible for the Genius benefits. You may reactivate your account by making a qualifying reservation using your Booking.com account.

Partner offer

Booking.com may display offers that are not directly sourced from Trip Providers, but are facilitated by a Booking.com partner company, such as another platform (Partner offer). Partner offers will be clearly displayed and distinguished from the regular offers directly sourced from Trip Providers and have the following special conditions, unless mentioned otherwise on our Platform:

    Price policy: as displayed on our Platform.
    Pay in advance: You’ll pay securely with Booking.com at the time of the booking.
    No modifications: Once your booking is completed, any changes to your personal or booking details will not be possible. Requests can be made directly with the property, but are not guaranteed.
    Cannot combine with other offers: Other promotions, incentives and rewards are not eligible on the booking.
    No guest review: It’s not possible to leave a guest review on our Platform.

3. Privacy and cookies

Booking.com respects your privacy. Please have a look at our privacy and cookies policy for further information.

4. Free of charge for consumers, only Trip Providers pay!

Unless indicated otherwise, our service is free of charge for consumers because, unlike many other parties, we will not charge you for our Trip Service or add any additional (reservation) fees to the rate. You will pay the Trip Provider the relevant amount as indicated in the Trip Reservation (plus - insofar not included in the price – relevant applicable taxes, levies and fees (if applicable)).

Trip Providers pay a commission (being a small percentage of the product price (e.g. room price)) to Booking.com after the end user has consummated the service or product of the Trip Provider (e.g. after the guest has stayed at (and paid) the accommodation). Trip Providers can improve their ranking by increasing their commission (Visibility Booster). The use of the Visibility Booster (by increasing the commission in return for better position in the ranking) is at each Trip Provider's discretion and may be used from time to time and product to product offered. The algorithm of the ranking will take an increase in commission into account when determining the Default Ranking. Preferred partners pay a higher commission in return for a better position in the ranking.

Only Trip Providers which have a commercial relationship with Booking.com (through an agreement) will be made available on Platform (for their B2B and/or B2C promotion of their product). Booking.com is not an open platform (like Amazon or eBay) where end users can make their product available (no C2C platform); Booking.com does not allow non-professional parties to offer or sell their products on or through Booking.com.

5. Credit card or bank transfer

If applicable and available, certain Trip Providers offer the opportunity for Trip Reservations to be paid (wholly or partly and as required under the payment policy of the Trip Provider) to the Trip Provider during the Trip Reservation process by means of secure online payment (all to the extent offered and supported by your bank). For certain products and services, Booking.com facilitates (through third party payment processors) the payment of the relevant product or service (i.e. the payment facilitation service) for and on behalf of the Trip Provider (Booking.com never acts nor operates as the merchant of record). Payment is safely processed from your credit/debit card or bank account to the bank account of the accommodation provider through a third party payment processor. Any payment facilitated by us for and on behalf of, and transferred to the Trip Provider will in each case constitute a payment of (part of) the booking price by you of the relevant product or service in final settlement (bevrijdende betaling) of such (partial) due and payable price and you cannot reclaim such paid monies.

For certain (non-refundable) rates or special offers, please note that Trip Providers may require that payment is made upfront by wire transfer (if available) or by credit card, and therefore your credit card may be pre-authorised or charged (sometimes without any option for refund) upon making the Trip Reservation. Please check the (reservation) details of your product or service of choice thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your Trip Reservation. You will not hold Booking.com liable or responsible for any (authorized, (allegedly) unauthorized or wrong) charge by the Trip Provider and not (re)claim any amount for any valid or authorized charge by the Trip Provider (including for pre-paid rates, no-show and chargeable cancellation) of your credit card.

In the event of credit card fraud or unauthorised use of your credit card by third parties, most banks and credit card companies bear the risk and cover all the charges resulting from such fraud or misuse, which may sometimes be subject to a deductible (usually set at EUR 50 (or the equivalent in your local currency)). In the event that your credit card company or bank charges the deductible from you because of unauthorised transactions resulting from a reservation made on our Platform, we will pay you this deductible, up to an aggregate amount of EUR 50 (or the equivalent in your local currency). In order to indemnify you, please make sure that you report this fraud to your credit card provider (in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures) and contact us immediately. Please provide us with evidence of the charged deductible (e.g. policy of the credit card company). This indemnification only applies to credit card reservations made using Booking.com's secure server and the unauthorised use of your credit card resulted through our default or negligence and through no fault of your own while using the secure server.

6. Pre-payment, cancellation, no-show and fine print

By making a Trip Reservation with a Trip Provider, you accept and agree to the relevant cancellation and no-show policy of that Trip Provider, and to any additional (delivery) terms and conditions of the Trip Provider that may apply to your Trip (including the fine print of the Trip Provider made available on our Platform and the relevant house rules of the Trip Provider), including for services rendered and/or products offered by the Trip Provider. The relevant (delivery/purchase/use/carrier) terms and conditions of a Trip Provider can be obtained with the relevant Trip Provider. The general cancellation and no-show policy of each Trip Provider is made available on our Platform on the Trip Provider information pages, during the reservation procedure and in the confirmation email or ticket (if applicable). Please note that certain rates, fees or special offers are not eligible for cancellation, refund or change. Applicable city/tourist tax may still be charged by the Trip Provider in the event of a no-show or charged cancellation. Please check the (reservation) details of your product or service of choice thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation. Please note that a Trip Reservation which requires down payment or (wholly or partly) prepayment may be cancelled (without a prior notice of default or warning) insofar the relevant (remaining) amount(s) cannot be collected in full on the relevant due or payment date in accordance with the relevant payment policy of the Trip Provider and the reservation. Cancellation and prepayment policies may vary per segment, product or service of each Trip.. Please carefully read the fine print (below the Trip types or at the bottom of each Trip Provider page on our Platform) and important information in your reservation confirmation for additional policies as may be applied by the Trip Provider (e.g. in respect of age requirement, security deposit, non-cancellation/additional supplements for group bookings, extra beds/no free breakfast, pets/cards accepted). Late payment, wrong bank, debit or credit card details, invalid credit/debit cards or insufficient funds are for your own risk and account and you shall not be entitled to any refund of any (non-refundable) prepaid amount unless the Trip Provider agrees or allows otherwise under its (pre)payment and cancellation policy.

If you wish to review, adjust or cancel your Trip Reservation, please revert to the confirmation email and follow the instructions therein. Please note that you may be charged for your cancellation in accordance with the Trip Provider's cancellation, (pre)payment and no-show policy or not be entitled to any repayment of any (pre)paid amount. We recommend that you read the cancellation, (pre)payment and no-show policy of the accommodation provider carefully prior to making your reservation and remember to make further payments on time as may be required for the relevant reservation.

If you have a late or delayed arrival on the check-in date or only arrive the next day, make sure to (timely/promptly) communicate this with the Trip Provider so they know when to expect you to avoid cancellation of your Trip (Reservation) or charge of the no-show fee. Our customer service department can help you if needed with informing the Trip Provider. Booking.com does not accept any liability or responsibility for the consequences of your delayed arrival or any cancellation or charged no-show fee by the Trip Provider.

7. (Further) correspondence and communication

By completing a Trip Reservation, you agree to receive (i) an email which we may send you shortly prior to your arrival date, giving you information on your destination and providing you with certain information and offers (including third party offers to the extent that you have actively opted in for this information) relevant to your Trip (Reservation) and destination, (ii) an email after arrival to rate the (experience with your) Trip Provider and the Trip Service, and (iii) an email which we may send to you promptly after your stay inviting you to complete our guest review form. See our privacy and cookies policy for more information about how we may contact you.

Booking.com disclaims any liability or responsibility for any communication by or with the Trip Provider on or through its platform. You cannot derive any rights from any request to, or communication with the Trip Provider or (any form of) acknowledgement of receipt of any communication or request. Booking.com cannot guarantee that any request or communication will be (duly and timely) received/read by, complied with, executed or accepted by the Trip Provider.

In order to duly complete and secure your Trip Reservation, you need to use your correct email address. We are not responsible or liable for (and have no obligation to verify) any wrong or misspelled email address or inaccurate or wrong (mobile) phone number or credit card number.

Any claim or complaint against Booking.com or in respect of the Trip Service must be promptly submitted, but in any event within 30 days after the scheduled day of consummation of the product or service (e.g. check out date). Any claim or complaint that is submitted after the 30 days period, may be rejected and the claimant shall forfeit its right to any (damage or cost) compensation.

Due to the continuous update and adjustments of rates and availability, we strongly suggest to make screenshots when making a reservation to support your position (if needed).

For consumers (in the European Economic Area): We advise you to first notify us of any complaints by contacting our Customer Service. If this does not resolve your complaint, you can upload your complaint via the European Commission's ODR platform. This platform for online dispute resolution can be found here: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.

8. Ranking, preferred programme, stars and guest reviews

We aim to display search results that are relevant for you, by providing a personalised default ranking of Trip Providers on our Platform. You can scroll through this default ranking, use filters and sort by alternative ranking orders and thus have the ability to influence the presentation of search results to receive a ranking order based on other criteria. We use multiple algorithms to produce default ranking results, this process is constantly evolving.

Booking.com has identified the following parameters to be most closely correlated with you finding a suitable Trip Provider and thus prioritise such parameters in the algorithms (main parameters): your personal search history, the rate of ‘click-through’ from the search page to the hotel page ("CTR"), the number of bookings related to the number of visits to the Trip Provider page on the Platform ("Conversion"), gross (including cancellations) and net (excluding cancellations) bookings of a Trip Provider. Conversion and CTR may be affected by various (stand-alone) factors including review scores (both aggregated scores and components), availability, policies, (competitive) pricing, quality of content and certain features of the Trip Provider. The commission percentage paid by the Trip Provider or other benefits to us (e.g. through commercial arrangements with the Trip Provider or strategic partners) may also impact the default ranking, as well as the Trip Provider’s record on timely payment. The Trip Provider may also influence its ranking by participating in certain programmes - that may be updated from time to time - such as the Genius programme, deals, the Preferred Partner Programme and the visibility booster (the latter two involve the Trip Provider paying a higher commission to us).

Accommodation's star rating displayed on Booking.com is not determined by Booking.com. The accommodation determines their star rating themselves or it is determined by an independent third party provider of (objective) star ratings. Deals are shown on the basis of the number of stars (low to high or high to low) that providers provide to Booking.com. Depending on the (local) regulations, the star classifications either are assigned by an (independent) third party, for example an (official) hotel rating organisation or are based on the opinion of the accommodation providers themselves, irrespective of objective criteria. Booking.com does not impose formal obligations on star ratings and does not review them. Overall, the star classification is a representation of how the accommodation compares to the legal requirements (if applicable) or, if not regulated, the sector or (customary) industry standards in terms of price, facilities and available services (these requirements and standards can vary between different countries and organisations).

In order to make it easier for customers to find the right match to their travel preferences, Booking.com may assign a quality rating, that is determined by Booking.com and displayed as yellow tiles, to certain accommodations. In order to determine the comparable set, the quality rating is based on many (400+) features which can be divided over 5 major categories: (i) facilities/amenities/services offered by the accommodation on Booking.com, (ii) property configuration such as unit size, number of rooms and occupancy, (iii) number and quality of the photos uploaded by the accommodation, (iv) average guest review score as well as some subscores, for example cleanliness, as those are proven to be particularly helpful for customers in assessing the quality of certain accommodations and (v) anonymised and aggregated historical booking data (for example, to assess the star rating of booked accommodations). We use these multiple features to derive statistical patterns. Based on these inputs, a machine-learning based analysis is being conducted which results in a quality rating (between 1-5, displayed by using 1-5 yellow tiles next to the name of the property) being automatically calculated and awarded to the accommodation.

Only customers who have stayed at the Accommodation will be invited by Booking.com to comment on their stay at the relevant accommodations and to provide a score for certain aspects of their stay or may receive a rating request during their stay. The completed guest review (including submitted rating during your stay) may be (a) uploaded onto the relevant Trip Provider's information page on our Platform for the sole purpose of informing (future) customers of your opinion of the service (level) and quality of the Trip Provider, and (b) (wholly or partly) used and placed by Booking.com at its sole discretion (e.g. for marketing, promotion, or improvement of our service) on our Platform or such social media platforms, newsletters, special promotions, apps, or other channels owned, hosted, used, or controlled by Booking.com and our business partners. In order to offer and maintain recent (and therefore relevant) reviews, reviews can only be submitted within a limited period of time (3 months) after a stay and each review will only be available for a limited period of time (up to 36 months) after posting. The default ranking of the reviews is by date of submission relative to a few additional criteria (such as language, reviews with comments), whereas a review of a customer who [always] submits comprehensive and detailed reviews (aka "Property Scout") may be ranked on top. You have the option to choose various different forms of ranking and filter (e.g. by audience, date, language, score). Booking.com does allow the Trip Provider to respond to a review. We reserve the right to adjust, refuse, or remove reviews at our sole discretion insofar it violates our review policy. Booking.com does not compensate or otherwise reward a customer for completing a review. The guest review form should be regarded as a survey and does not include any (further commercial) offers, invitations, or incentives whatsoever. Booking.com undertakes to use its best efforts to monitor and remove reviews that include obscenities or the mention of an individual’s name or reference to stolen goods.

Booking.com will not accept reviews which include:

    Profanity, sexually explicit, hate speech, discriminatory, threats, violence
    Mention of full names, personal attack towards the staff
    Promoting illegal activities (e.g. drugs, prostitution)
    Sites, emails and addresses, phone numbers, cc details
    Politically sensitive comments

Booking.com and the Trip Provider are each entitled to terminate their relationship for whatever reason (including in the event of breach of contract or (filing for) bankruptcy) with due observance of the relevant notice period as agreed between both parties.

9. Disclaimer

Subject to the limitations set out in these terms and conditions and to the extent permitted by law, we shall only be liable for direct damages actually suffered, paid or incurred by you due to an attributable shortcoming of our obligations in respect to our services, up to an aggregate amount of the aggregate cost of your reservation as set out in the Trip Reservation confirmation email (whether for one event or series of connected events).

However and to the extent permitted by law, neither we nor any of our officers, directors, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, distributors, affiliate (distribution) partners, licensees, agents or others involved in creating, sponsoring, promoting, or otherwise making available the site and its contents shall be liable for (i) any punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damages, any loss of production, loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of contract, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, loss of claim, (ii) any inaccuracy relating to the (descriptive) information (including rates, availability and ratings) of the Trip Provider as made available on our Platform, (iii) the services rendered or the products offered by the Trip Provider or other business partners, (iv) any (direct, indirect, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, pursuant to, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or delay of our Platform, or (v) any (personal) injury, death, property damage, or other (direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, whether due to (legal) acts, errors, breaches, (gross) negligence, willful misconduct, omissions, non-performance, misrepresentations, tort or strict liability by or (wholly or partly) attributable to the Trip Provider or any of our other business partners (including any of their employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives, subcontractors or affiliated companies) whose products or service are (directly or indirectly) made available, offered or promoted on or through the Platform, including any (partial) cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or any other event beyond our control.

Booking.com is not responsible (and disclaims any liability) for the use, validity, quality, suitability, fitness and due disclosure of the Trip and makes no representations, warranties or conditions of any kind in this respect, whether implied, statutory or otherwise, including any implied warranties of merchantability, title, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge and agree that the relevant Trip Provider is solely responsible and assumes all responsibility and liability in respect of the Trip (including any warranties and representations made by the Trip Provider). Booking.com is not a (re)seller of the Trip. Complaints or claims in respect of the Trip (including related to the offered (special/promotion) price, policy or specific requests made by Customers) are to be dealt with by the Trip Provider. Booking.com is not responsible for and disclaims any liability in respect of such complaints, claims and (product) liabilities.

Whether or not the Trip Provider has charged you for your Trip, or if we are facilitating the payment of the (Trip) price or fee, you agree and acknowledge that the Trip Provider is at all times responsible for the collection, withholding, remittance and payment of the applicable taxes due on the total amount of the (Trip) price or fee to the relevant tax authorities. Booking.com is not liable or responsible for the remittance, collection, withholding or payment of the relevant taxes due on the (Trip) price or fee to the relevant tax authorities. Booking.com does not act as the merchant of record for any product or service made available on the Platform.

By uploading photos/images onto our system (for instance in addition to a review) you certify, warrant and agree that you own the copyright to the photos/images and that you agree that Booking.com may use the uploaded photos/images on its (mobile) website and app, and in (online/offline) promotional materials and publications and as Booking.com at its discretion sees fit. You are granting Booking.com a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, unconditional, perpetual right and license to use, reproduce, display, have reproduced, distribute, sublicense, communicate and make available the photos/images as Booking.com at its discretion sees fit. By uploading these photos/images the person uploading the picture(s) accepts full legal and moral responsibility of any and all legal claims that are made by any third parties (including, but not limited to, accommodation owners) due to Booking.com publishing and using these photos/images. Booking.com does not own or endorse the photos/images that are uploaded. The truthfulness, validity and right to use of all photos/images is assumed by the person who uploaded the photo, and is not the responsibility of Booking.com. Booking.com disclaims all responsibility and liability for the pictures posted. The person who uploaded the photo warrants that the photos/images shall not contain any viruses, Trojan horses or infected files and shall not contain any pornographic, illegal, obscene, insulting, objectionable or inappropriate material and does not infringe any third party (intellectual property right, copyright or privacy) rights. Any photo/image that does not meet the aforesaid criteria will not be posted and/or can be removed/deleted by Booking.com at any time and without prior notice.

10. Intellectual property rights

Unless stated otherwise, the software required for our services or available at or used by our Platform and the intellectual property rights (including the copyrights) of the contents and information of and material on our Platform are owned by Booking.com B.V., its Trip Providers or providers.

Booking.com exclusively retains ownership of all rights, title and interest in and to (all intellectual property rights of) (the look and feel (including infrastructure) of) the Platform on which the service is made available (including the guest reviews and translated content) and you are not entitled to copy, scrape, (hyper-/deep)link to, publish, promote, market, integrate, utilize, combine or otherwise use the content (including any translations thereof and the guest reviews) or our brand without our express written permission. To the extent that you would (wholly or partly) use or combine our (translated) content (including guest reviews) or would otherwise own any intellectual property rights in the Platform or any (translated) content or guest reviews, you hereby assign, transfer and set over all such intellectual property rights to Booking.com. Any unlawful use or any of the aforementioned actions or behaviour will constitute a material infringement of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and database right).

11. Applicable law, jurisdiction, and dispute resolution

These terms and conditions and the provision of our services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Dutch law. Notwithstanding the foregoing choice of law, a natural person using any of our services for a purpose which can be regarded as being outside their trade or profession (hereinafter also referred to as "consumer") can rely on the mandatory provisions of the law of the country where they have their habitual residence (i.e. provisions that, in accordance with the choice-of-law rules of the said country, must apply regardless of this choice-of-law clause; hereinafter: "Mandatory Provisions"). Any dispute arising out of these general terms and conditions and our services shall exclusively be submitted to the competent courts in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Notwithstanding the foregoing jurisdiction clause, a consumer may also bring proceedings in respect of enforcement of relevant applicable Mandatory Provisions in the courts of the country in which they are domiciled, and proceedings against a consumer may be brought only in the courts of the country in which they are domiciled. For consumers (in the European Economic Area): We advise you to first notify us of any complaints by contacting our Customer Service. If this does not resolve your complaint, you can upload your complaint via the European Commission's ODR platform. This platform for online dispute resolution can be found here: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.

The original English version of these terms and conditions may have been translated into other languages. The translated version is a courtesy and office translation only and you cannot derive any rights from the translated version. In the event of a dispute about the contents or interpretation of these terms and conditions or inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and any other language version of these terms and conditions, the English language version to the extent permitted by law shall apply, prevail and be conclusive. The English version is available on our Platform (by selecting the English language) or shall be sent to you upon your written request.

If any provision of these terms and conditions is or becomes invalid, unenforceable or non-binding, you shall remain bound by all other provisions hereof. In such event, such invalid provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and you will at least agree to accept a similar effect as the invalid, unenforceable or non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of these terms and conditions.

12. About Booking.com and the support companies

The Trip Service is rendered by Booking.com B.V., which is a private limited liability company, incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and having its offices at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under registration number 31047344. Our VAT registration number is NL805734958B01.

Booking.com has its headquarters in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and is supported by various affiliated group companies (the "support companies") throughout the world. The support companies only provide an internal supporting role to and for the benefit of Booking.com. Certain designated support companies render limited customer care support services (only by telephone). The support companies do not have any Platform (and do not in any way control, manage, maintain or host the Platform). The support companies do not have any power or authority to render the Trip Service, to represent Booking.com or to enter into any contract in the name of, for or on behalf of Booking.com. You do not have a (legal or contractual) relationship with the support companies. The support companies do not operate and are not authorised to act as any form of process or service agent of Booking.com. Booking.com does not accept nor assume any domicile at any place, location or office in the world (also not at the office of its support companies), other than its registered office in Amsterdam.
Dropbox Terms of Service
Posted: April 17, 2018

Effective: May 25, 2018 You can see our previous Terms of Service here.

Thanks for using Dropbox! These terms of service (“Terms”) cover your use and access to our services, client software and websites ("Services"). If you reside outside of the United States of America, Canada and Mexico (“North America”) your agreement is with Dropbox International Unlimited Company, and if you reside in North America your agreement is with Dropbox, Inc. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your information while our Acceptable Use Policy outlines your responsibilities when using our Services. By using our Services, you’re agreeing to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and Acceptable Use Policy. If you’re using our Services for an organization, you’re agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization.

Your Stuff & Your Permissions
When you use our Services, you provide us with things like your files, content, messages, contacts, and so on (“Your Stuff”). Your Stuff is yours. These Terms don’t give us any rights to Your Stuff except for the limited rights that enable us to offer the Services.

We need your permission to do things like hosting Your Stuff, backing it up, and sharing it when you ask us to. Our Services also provide you with features like photo thumbnails, document previews, commenting, easy sorting, editing, sharing, and searching. These and other features may require our systems to access, store, and scan Your Stuff. You give us permission to do those things, and this permission extends to our affiliates and trusted third parties we work with.

Sharing Your Stuff
Our Services let you share Your Stuff with others, so please think carefully about what you share.

Your Responsibilities
You’re responsible for your conduct. Your Stuff and you must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy. Content in the Services may be protected by others’ intellectual property rights. Please don’t copy, upload, download, or share content unless you have the right to do so.

We may review your conduct and content for compliance with these Terms and our Acceptable Use Policy. With that said, we have no obligation to do so. We aren’t responsible for the content people post and share via the Services.

Help us keep you informed and Your Stuff protected. Safeguard your password to the Services, and keep your account information current. Don’t share your account credentials or give others access to your account.

You may use our Services only as permitted by applicable law, including export control laws and regulations. Finally, to use our Services, you must be at least 13, or in some cases, even older. If you live in France, Germany, or the Netherlands, you must be at least 16. Please check your local law for the age of digital consent. If you don’t meet these age requirements, you may not use the Services.

Software
Some of our Services allow you to download client software (“Software”) which may update automatically. So long as you comply with these Terms, we give you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software, solely to access the Services. To the extent any component of the Software may be offered under an open source license, we’ll make that license available to you and the provisions of that license may expressly override some of these Terms. Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law, you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile the Services, attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so.

Beta Services
We sometimes release products and features that we are still testing and evaluating. Those Services have been marked beta, preview, early access, or evaluation (or with words or phrases with similar meanings) and may not be as reliable as Dropbox’s other services, so please keep that in mind.

Our Stuff
The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other US and foreign laws. These Terms don’t grant you any right, title, or interest in the Services, others’ content in the Services, Dropbox trademarks, logos and other brand features. We welcome feedback, but note that we may use comments or suggestions without any obligation to you.

Copyright
We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do too. We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law, and such notices should be reported using our Copyright Policy. We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and terminate accounts of repeat infringers. Our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement on the Services is:

Copyright Agent
Dropbox, Inc.
333 Brannan Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
copyright@dropbox.com

Paid Accounts
Billing. You can increase your storage space and add paid features to your account (turning your account into a "Paid Account"). We’ll automatically bill you from the date you convert to a Paid Account and on each periodic renewal until cancellation. If you’re on an annual plan, we’ll send you a notice email reminding you that your plan is about to renew within a reasonable period of time prior to the renewal date. You’re responsible for all applicable taxes, and we’ll charge tax when required to do so. Some countries have mandatory local laws regarding your cancellation rights, and this paragraph doesn’t override these laws.

No Refunds. You may cancel your Dropbox Paid Account at any time. Refunds are only issued if required by law. For example, users living in the European Union have the right to cancel their Paid Account subscriptions within 14 days of signing up for, upgrading to, or renewing a Paid Account.

Downgrades. Your Paid Account will remain in effect until it's cancelled or terminated under these Terms. If you don’t pay for your Paid Account on time, we reserve the right to suspend it or reduce your storage to free space levels.

Changes. We may change the fees in effect but will give you advance notice of these changes via a message to the email address associated with your account.

Dropbox Teams
Email address. If you sign up for a Dropbox account with an email address provisioned by your organization, your organization may be able to block your use of Dropbox until you transition to an account on a Dropbox team (e.g., Dropbox Business or Dropbox Education plans) or you associate your Dropbox account with a personal email address.

Using Dropbox Teams. If you join a Dropbox team, you must use it in compliance with your organization's terms and policies. Please note that Dropbox team accounts are subject to your organization's control. Your administrators may be able to access, disclose, restrict, or remove information in or from your Dropbox team account. They may also be able to restrict or terminate your access to a Dropbox team account. If you convert an existing Dropbox account into part of a Dropbox team, your administrators may prevent you from later disassociating your account from the Dropbox team.

Termination
You’re free to stop using our Services at any time. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Services with notice to you if: (a) you’re in breach of these Terms, (b) you’re using the Services in a manner that would cause a real risk of harm or loss to us or other users, or (c) you don’t have a Paid Account and haven't accessed our Services for 12 consecutive months.

We’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice via the email address associated with your account to remedy the activity that prompted us to contact you and give you the opportunity to export Your Stuff from our Services. If after such notice you fail to take the steps we ask of you, we’ll terminate or suspend your access to the Services.

We won’t provide notice before termination where: (a) you’re in material breach of these Terms, (b) doing so would cause us legal liability or compromise our ability to provide the Services to our other users, or (c) we're prohibited from doing so by law.

Discontinuation of Services
We may decide to discontinue the Services in response to unforeseen circumstances beyond Dropbox’s control or to comply with a legal requirement. If we do so, we’ll give you reasonable prior notice so that you can export Your Stuff from our systems. If we discontinue Services in this way before the end of any fixed or minimum term you have paid us for, we’ll refund the portion of the fees you have pre-paid but haven't received Services for.

Services “AS IS”
We strive to provide great Services, but there are certain things that we can't guarantee. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE ALSO DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some places don’t allow the disclaimers in this paragraph, so they may not apply to you.

Limitation of Liability
WE DON’T EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WHERE IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO DO SO—THIS INCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR DROPBOX’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES. IN COUNTRIES WHERE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF EXCLUSIONS AREN’T ALLOWED, WE'RE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU ONLY FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES THAT ARE A REASONABLY FORESEEABLE RESULT OF OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL OR OUR BREACH OF OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU. THIS PARAGRAPH DOESN’T AFFECT CONSUMER RIGHTS THAT CAN'T BE WAIVED OR LIMITED BY ANY CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT.

IN COUNTRIES WHERE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE ALLOWED, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WON’T BE LIABLE FOR: i. ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ii. ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY.

THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT DROPBOX OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

IF YOU USE THE SERVICES FOR ANY COMMERCIAL, BUSINESS, OR RE-SALE PURPOSE, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY. DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES AREN’T RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICES.

OTHER THAN FOR THE TYPES OF LIABILITY WE CANNOT LIMIT BY LAW (AS DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION), WE LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE GREATER OF $20 USD OR 100% OF ANY AMOUNT YOU'VE PAID UNDER YOUR CURRENT SERVICE PLAN WITH DROPBOX.

Resolving Disputes
Let’s Try To Sort Things Out First. We want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against Dropbox, you agree to try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting dispute-notice@dropbox.com. We’ll try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email. If a dispute is not resolved within 15 days of submission, you or Dropbox may bring a formal proceeding.

Judicial forum for disputes. You and Dropbox agree that any judicial proceeding to resolve claims relating to these Terms or the Services will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California, subject to the mandatory arbitration provisions below. Both you and Dropbox consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in such courts. If you reside in a country (for example, European Union member states) with laws that give consumers the right to bring disputes in their local courts, this paragraph doesn’t affect those requirements.

IF YOU’RE A U.S. RESIDENT, YOU ALSO AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISIONS:
We Both Agree To Arbitrate. You and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to these Terms or the Services through final and binding arbitration by a single arbitrator, except as set forth under Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate below. This includes disputes arising out of or relating to interpretation or application of this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section, including its enforceability, revocability, or validity.

Opt-out of Agreement to Arbitrate. You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by clicking here and submitting the opt-out form within 30 days of first registering your account. However, if you agreed to a previous version of these Terms that allowed you to opt out of arbitration, your previous choice to opt out or not opt out remains binding.

Arbitration Procedures. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. The arbitration will be held in the United States county where you live or work, San Francisco (CA), or any other location we agree to.

Arbitration Fees and Incentives. The AAA rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. Dropbox will pay all arbitration fees for individual arbitration for claims less than $75,000. If you receive an arbitration award that is more favorable than any offer we make to resolve the claim, we will pay you $1,000 in addition to the award. Dropbox will not seek its attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.

Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate. Either you or Dropbox may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco (CA) or any United States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services, or intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above. If the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in San Francisco County, California to resolve your claim.

NO CLASS ACTIONS. You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations aren’t allowed. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section will be deemed void.

Controlling Law
These Terms will be governed by California law except for its conflicts of laws principles. However, some countries (including those in the European Union) have laws that require agreements to be governed by the local laws of the consumer's country. This paragraph doesn’t override those laws.

Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Dropbox with respect to the subject matter of these Terms, and supersede and replace any other prior or contemporaneous agreements, or terms and conditions applicable to the subject matter of these Terms. These Terms create no third party beneficiary rights.

Waiver, Severability & Assignment
Dropbox’s failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later. If a provision is found unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Terms will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible. You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms, and any such attempt will be void. Dropbox may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.

Modifications
We may revise these Terms from time to time to better reflect: (a) changes to the law, (b) new regulatory requirements, or (c) improvements or enhancements made to our Services.

If an update affects your use of the Services or your legal rights as a user of our Services, we’ll notify you prior to the update's effective date by sending an email to the email address associated with your account or via an in-product notification. These updated terms will be effective no less than 30 days from when we notify you.

If you don’t agree to the updates we make, please cancel your account before they become effective. Where applicable, we’ll offer you a prorated refund based on the amounts you have prepaid for Services and your account cancellation date. By continuing to use or access the Services after the updates come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.

ELECTRONIC ARTS
USER AGREEMENT
Last Updated: May 17, 2018

Welcome to EA. This Agreement governs your access and use of software products, such as game software contained on disc or downloaded, offered by EA and its subsidiaries ("EA") and related updates, upgrades and features as well as online and mobile services, features, content and websites offered by EA and/or live events hosted by or in connection with EA (collectively "EA Services"). This Agreement is between you and the EA entity listed in Section 13B below.

BY USING EA SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE EA SERVICES. FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN COUNTRIES, YOU AGREE TO THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 15 TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH EA.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

EA Account
License
Content and Entitlements
Availability of EA Services and Updates
Your UGC
Rules of Conduct
PC Products
Termination and Other Sanctions
Use of Data
Other Software, Utilities and Tools
Third Parties
Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
General Terms
Changes to this Agreement
Dispute Resolution by Binding Arbitration
Supplemental Terms for PlayStationÂ®
1. EA Account

You need an EA Account to access and use many EA Services, including to play online.

To create an EA Account, you must have a valid email address, and provide truthful and accurate information. You must be eligible to use the EA Service for which you are registering and must be resident of a country where use of EA Services is permitted.

You must be at least 13 years of age (or such other minimum age as is applicable in your country of residence) to create an EA Account. If you are aged between the relevant minimum age and 18 (or the age of majority where you live), you and your parent or guardian must review this Agreement together. Parents and guardians are responsible for the acts of children under 18 years of age when using EA Services. EA recommends that parents and guardians familiarize themselves with parental controls on devices they provide their child.

You are responsible for the activity on your EA Account. Your EA Account may be suspended or terminated if someone else uses it to engage in activity that violates this Agreement.

You may cancel your EA Account at any time. You also may cancel a subscription to a particular EA Service at any time. Contact EA's Customer Service Department at help.ea.com to cancel your EA Account. To complete your request, EA may collect fees or costs incurred, if allowed by law, and any amounts owed to third-party vendors or content providers.

2. License

The EA Services are licensed to you, not sold. EA grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable, revocable and non-exclusive license to use the EA Services to which you have access for your non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement. You may not access, copy, modify or distribute any EA Service, Content or Entitlements (as those terms are defined below), unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. You may not reverse engineer or attempt to extract or otherwise use source code or other data from EA Services, unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. EA or its licensors own and reserve all other rights, including all right, title and interest in the EA Services and associated intellectual property rights.

3. Content and Entitlements

The EA Services include Content and Entitlements. Content is the software, technology, text, forum posts, chat posts, profiles, widgets, messages, links, emails, music, sound, graphics, pictures, video, code, and all audio visual or other material appearing on or emanating to or from EA Services, as well as the design and appearance of our websites. Content also includes user-generated Content ("UGC"). UGC includes EA Account personas, forum posts, profile content and other Content contributed by users to EA Services. All Content is either owned by EA or its licensors, or is licensed to EA and its licensors pursuant to Section 5 below.

Entitlements are rights that EA licenses to you to access or use the online or off-line elements of EA Services. Examples of Entitlements include access to digital or unlockable Content additional or enhanced functionality (including multiplayer services); subscriptions; virtual assets; unlock keys or codes, serial codes or online authentication; in-game achievements; virtual points, coins, or currencies.

We refer to these virtual points, coins or currencies as "EA Virtual Currency". When you obtain EA Virtual Currency from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access and select the Entitlements that EA expressly makes available to you.

EA Virtual Currency has no monetary value and has no value outside of our products and services. EA Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred, or exchanged for cash; it only may be redeemed for Entitlements available for the EA Service. EA Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused EA Virtual Currency. Once you redeem EA Virtual Currency for an Entitlement, that Entitlement is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable. If you live in Japan, you agree to use any EA Virtual Currency within 180 days from the date of purchase.

You will provide at your own expense the equipment, Internet connection and charges required to access and use EA Services.

4. Availability of EA Services and Updates

We do not guarantee that any EA Service, Content or Entitlement will be available at all times, in all locations, or at any given time or that we will continue to offer a particular EA Service, Content or Entitlements for any particular length of time. EA does not guarantee that EA Services can be accessed on all devices, by means of a specific Internet or connection provider, or in all geographic locations.

From time to time, EA may update, change or modify an EA Service, Content or Entitlements, without notice to you. These updates and modifications may be required in order to continue to use EA Services.

EA may need to update, or reset certain parameters to balance game play and usage of EA Services. These updates or "resets" may cause you setbacks within the relevant game world and may affect characters, games, groups or other Entitlements under your control.

5. Your UGC

You are responsible for your UGC. You may not upload UGC that infringes a third party's intellectual property rights or that violates the law, this Agreement or a third party's right of privacy or right of publicity.

EA may, in its sole discretion, remove, edit or disable UGC for any reason, including if EA reasonably determines that UGC violates this Agreement. EA does not assume any responsibility or liability for UGC, for removing it, or not removing it or other Content. EA does not pre-screen all UGC and does not endorse or approve any UGC available on EA Services.

When you contribute UGC, you grant to EA, its licensors and licensees a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, worldwide, sublicensable license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, publicly perform, publicly display or otherwise transmit and communicate the UGC, or any portion thereof, in any manner or form and in any medium or forum, whether now known or hereafter devised, without notice, payment or attribution of any kind to you or any third party. You also grant all other users who can access and use your UGC on an EA Service the right to use, copy, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise communicate and distribute your UGC on or through the relevant EA Service without further notice, attribution or compensation to you.

6. Rules of Conduct

When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not:
Violate any law, rule or regulation.
Interfere with or disrupt any EA Service or any server or network used to support or provide an EA Service, including any hacking or cracking into an EA Service.
Use any software or program that damages, interferes with or disrupts an EA Service or another's computer or property, such as denial of service attacks, spamming, hacking, or uploading computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses, cancelbots, spyware, corrupted files and time bombs.
Interfere with or disrupt another player's use of an EA Service. This includes disrupting the normal flow of game play, chat or dialogue within an EA Service by, for example, using vulgar or harassing language, being abusive, excessive shouting (all caps), spamming, flooding or hitting the return key repeatedly.
Harass, threaten, bully, embarrass, spam or do anything else to another player that is unwanted, such as repeatedly sending unwanted messages or making personal attacks or statements about race, sexual orientation, religion, heritage, etc. Hate speech is not tolerated.
Contribute UGC or organize or participate in any activity, group or guild that is inappropriate, abusive, harassing, profane, threatening, hateful, offensive, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invades another's privacy, or is otherwise reasonably objectionable.
Publish, post, upload or distribute UGC or content that is illegal or that you don't have permission to freely distribute.
Publish, post, upload or distribute any content, such as a topic, name, screen name, avatar, persona, or other material or information, that EA (acting reasonably and objectively) determines is inappropriate, abusive, hateful, harassing, profane, defamatory, threatening, hateful, obscene, sexually explicit, infringing, privacy-invasive, vulgar, offensive, indecent or unlawful.
Post a message for any purpose other than personal communication. Prohibited messages include advertising, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes and other types of solicitation or commercial activities.
Impersonate another person or falsely imply that you are an EA employee or representative.
Improperly use in-game support or complaint buttons or make false reports to EA staff.
Attempt to obtain, or phish for, a password, account information, or other private information from anyone else on EA Services.
Use any robot, spider or other automated device or process to access this website for any purpose or copy any material on this website.
Use or distribute unauthorized software programs or tools, such as "auto" software programs, "macro" software programs, "cheat utility" software program or applications, exploits, cheats, or any other game hacking, altering or cheating software or tool.
Modify any file or any other part of the EA Service that EA does not specifically authorize you to modify.
Use exploits, cheats, undocumented features, design errors or problems in an EA Service.
Use or distribute counterfeit software or EA Content, including EA Virtual Currency.
Attempt to use an EA Service on or through any service that is not controlled or authorized by EA.
Sell, buy, trade or otherwise transfer or offer to transfer your EA Account, any personal access to EA Services, or any EA Content associated with your EA Account, including EA Virtual Currency and other Entitlements, either within an EA Service or on a third party website, or in connection with any out-of-game transaction, unless expressly authorized by EA.
Use an EA Service in a country in which EA is prohibited from offering such services under applicable export control laws.
If an EA Service requires you to create a "user name" or a "persona" to represent you in game and online, you should not use your real name and may not use a user name or persona that is used by someone else or that EA determines is vulgar or offensive or violates someone else's rights.
Engage in any other activity that significantly disturbs the peaceful, fair and respectful gaming environment of an EA Service.
Use information about users publicly available in any EA Service (e.g. on a leaderboard) for any purpose unrelated to the Service, including to attempt to identify such users in the real world.
Promote, encourage or take part in any prohibited activity described above.
If you or someone using your EA Account violates these rules and fails to remedy this violation after a warning, EA may take action against you, including revoking access to certain or all EA Services, Content or Entitlements, or terminating your EA Account as described in Section 8. In case of severe violations, EA may take these actions without issuing a prior warning. Some examples of severe violations include, but are not limited to: promoting, encouraging or engaging in hacking, selling EA accounts or entitlements (including virtual currencies and items) without EAâ€™s permission, extreme harassment, or threatening illegal activities. When practical, EA will notify you of the action it will take in response to violations of these rules or breach of this Agreement.

Specific EA Services may post additional rules that apply to your conduct on those services.

If you encounter another user who is violating any of these rules, please report this activity to EA using the "Help" or "Report Abuse" functions in the relevant EA Service, if available, or contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.

EA may, in its discretion, monitor or record online activity or Content on EA Services and may remove any Content from any EA Service at its discretion. Remember that your communications and your UGC in an EA Service are public and will be seen by others.

Your use of EA Services is subject to EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

7. PC Products

This Section applies to EA Services for play on a Personal Computer ("EA PC Products"). To access and use EA Services associated with an EA PC Product, you may first need to register with the serial code enclosed with the EA PC Product.

A. Technical and Content Protection Measures

EA utilizes certain technical or content protection measures to prevent piracy and the unauthorized copying or use of an EA PC Product. EA PC Products use Origin Online Activation and also may use Sony DADC Austria AG's Denuvo content protection technology. To see which games use Denuvo, visit https://www.ea.com/legal. An EA Account, including the acceptance of this Agreement and EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, installation of the Origin client application (https://www.origin.com/en-us/about), acceptance of the Origin EULA, and an Internet connection are required to authenticate the EA PC Product and verify your license upon the initial launch of the EA PC Products on any unique machine ("Authenticate" or "Authentication"). The serial code provided with this EA PC Products will be verified during Authentication. Authentication is limited to one EA Account per serial code, which means the EA PC Product is not transferable. EA may validate your license by subsequent online Authentication. There is no limit to the total number of machines on which the EA PC Products can be Authenticated, but you may launch and access the EA PC Product on no more than five unique machines in any rolling 24-hour period. If you attempt to circumvent, disable or tamper with these technical protection measures, the EA PC Product may not function properly and this License shall terminate for your material breach. Keep your serial code because you may need it to install the EA PC Service on other machines. This technology may interfere with certain applications, such as debuggers, that can be used to circumvent access-control technology.

B. Monitoring

EA utilizes certain technologies to detect and prevent cheating in connection with the use of EA PC Products. These are described below. You can visit https://www.ea.com/legal to know which technology is used with each EA PC Product.

Punkbuster. EA may use Punkbuster Anti-Cheat technology from Even Balance, Inc. You may opt to install Punkbuster during the installation of an EA PC Product. If it is installed, when you connect online to a game server using Punkbuster, Punkbuster will monitor your computer's random access memory (RAM) for Unauthorized Third Party Programs running concurrently with the EA PC Product and any modifications to the EA PC Product's files enabling or facilitating cheating. An Unauthorized Third Party Program is a third party program or file (such as a "addon", "mod", "hack", "trainer", or "cheat") that EA believes (i) enables or facilitates cheating of any type: (ii) allows users to modify or hack the game interface, environment, and/or experience in any way not expressly authorized by EA: or (iii) Intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the game. If you uninstall the EA PC Product, Punkbuster will remain dormant on your computer. To uninstall Punkbuster, run the executable at https://www.evenbalance.com/downloads/pbsvc/pbsvc.exe.

EA Anti-Cheat Technologies. EA may use its own anti-cheat technologies. When you connect online to a game server, these technologies will activate and monitor your game play, the game files associated with the EA PC Product and your computer's RAM. These technologies detect cheating and Unauthorized Third Party Programs running concurrently with the EA PC Product and any modifications to the EA PC Product's files enabling or facilitating cheating.

If any of these anti-cheat technologies detects cheating, we may collect relevant information, including your account name, details about an Unauthorized Third Party Program and the EA PC Product files modification detected, and the time and date it was detected. We also may terminate your License and your EA Account if we determine you have been cheating.

When you disconnect from the game server, these anti-cheat technologies will be deactivated.

C. Uninstalling

You may uninstall EA PC Products at any time within your game settings in the Origin client. Certain locally saved files may remain on your computer after uninstallation. You may manually delete these files by searching for the game title in your My Documents folder on PC or via the file finder on a Mac.

8. Termination and Other Sanctions

This Agreement is effective until terminated by you or EA. EA may terminate your access and use of any EA Services or your EA Account if EA determines that you have violated this Agreement or that there has been otherwise unlawful, improper or fraudulent use of EA Services associated with your EA Account. When practical, EA will notify you of the termination. You may lose your user name and persona as a result of an EA Account termination. If you have more than one EA Account, depending on the type of violation or misuse, EA may terminate all of your EA Accounts and all related Entitlements. If your EA Account is terminated, you will not have access to your EA Account or Entitlements and may be barred from accessing or using any EA Service again. Upon termination, your license under this Agreement also shall terminate.

Instead of termination and prior to any termination, EA may issue you a warning, suspend or alter your access to a particular EA Service or your EA Account, remove or revoke Entitlements at an EA Account or device level, remove or delete any content which is in violation with this Agreement, or ban your device or machine from accessing specific EA Services. If EA takes any action described in this Section, you will not be entitled to a refund (subject to any statutory refund rights) and no Entitlements will be credited to you or converted to cash or other forms of reimbursement.

EA may terminate any EA Service at any time by giving at least thirty days' notice either via email (if available), within the affected EA Service, or on the service updates page of EA's website (https://www.ea.com/service-updates). After online service termination, no software updates will be applied to our games and we can't guarantee our mobile games will continue be available for download via iCloud (or other applicable cloud services).  Any games available via iCloud after online service termination may be removed from iCloud without further notice to you.

If you believe that any action has been taken against your Account or device in error, please contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.

Sections 5, 8-9, 11-15 of this Agreement survive termination of this Agreement.

9. Use of Data

When you use an EA Service, EA may collect and store data from your computer or device, including information about your computer or device and operating system (such as IP Address and device ID), information about your EA Service usage, gameplay and usage statistics, system interactions and peripheral hardware (for example, to protect your game stats, EA may place a randomly generated identification number in the keychain storage of your device. That identifier will be removed when you reset your device). If you play an EA Service offline, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to EA when your device connects to the Internet. EA uses this information to operate its business, improve its products and services, provide services to and communicate with you (including for marketing purposes), provide software updates, dynamically served content and software support, and trouble-shoot bugs or otherwise enhance your experience. If you participate in online services, EA also may collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and achievements), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.

Your data is collected, used, stored and transmitted by EA Inc. in the United States, in accordance with EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.

10. Other Software, Utilities and Tools

EA Services may require or allow you to download software, software updates or patches, or other utilities and tools from EA or its licensors onto your computer, entertainment system or device. These technologies may be different across platforms, and the performance of EA Services may vary depending on your computer and other equipment. You understand that certain updates to these technologies may be required in order to continue use of an EA Services. Some of these updates may contain locked features or content that require you to pay an additional fee to access them. You consent to EA automatically installing any available updates for EA Services. Failure to install available updates may render EA Services, including EA PC Products, unplayable.

11. Third-Parties

Some EA Services may give you the option of playing on servers not owned or controlled by EA. EA does not control those services and is not responsible for your use of the EA Service on or through them. These third party services may subject you to additional or different terms and restrictions.

EA Services may include hyperlinks to third party web sites. Those sites may collect data or solicit personal information from you. EA does not control those sites and is not responsible for their content or for their collection, use or disclosure of personal information.

12. Warranties; Limitation of Liability

IF YOU LIVE IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) OR SWITZERLAND, THE EA SERVICES WILL BE PROVIDED WITH REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL AND NO OTHER PROMISES OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE EA SERVICES ARE MADE. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA AND SWITZERLAND, EA SERVICES ARE LICENSED AND PROVIDED "AS IS." YOU USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EA GIVES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR PRACTICE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PRODUCT OR EA SERVICE; THAT THE EA SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE EA SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM ERRORS, BUGS, CORRUPTION, LOSS, INTERFERENCE, HACKING OR VIRUSES, OR THAT EA SERVICES WILL INTEROPERATE OR BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED VIA THE ORIGIN STORE. SEE https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR MORE INFORMATION ON STATUTORY WARRANTY AND OTHER STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS IN YOUR TERRITORY, AND https://help.ea.com/en-au/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR RIGHTS AVAILABLE TO AUSTRALIAN CONSUMERS.

IF YOU LIVE IN THE EEA OR SWITZERLAND, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR ACTIONS OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF A THIRD PARTY'S (OR ANY OTHER) ACTS OR OMISSIONS BEYOND OUR CONTROL. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA AND SWITZERLAND, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES THAT WERE NOT CAUSED BY EA'S BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE TYPES OF EXCLUDED DAMAGES INCLUDE, FOR EXAMPLE, FINANCIAL LOSS (SUCH AS LOSS INCOME OR PROFITS), COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR STOPPAGE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE OR EA SERVICE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IT ALSO APPLIES EVEN IF EA KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOU MAY RECOVER ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES IN ANY AMOUNT NO GREATER THAN WHAT YOU ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE EA SERVICE. EA DOES NOT LIMIT ITS LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THEM MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

If you purchased a physical copy of an EA Service from a physical retail store in the United States and you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement and have not installed or used the EA Service, you may return it for a refund or exchange within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase to the original place of purchase by following the instructions for return available at https://warrantyinfo.ea.com.

13. General Terms

A. Entire Agreement

This Agreement, together with any other EA terms that govern your use of EA Services, constitutes the entire agreement between you and EA. The Agreement may not be amended or modified unless made in writing and signed by EA. The failure of EA to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or any other right. If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

B. Governing Law

If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, Brazil, Hong Kong, Mexico or Russia, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss SÃ rl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of your country of residence govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of your country of residence.

If you live in the Republic of Korea, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss SÃ rl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of Korea, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of Korea.

If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, (i) this Agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, USA; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.

If you in live in any other country, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss SÃ rl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.

The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall not apply to this Agreement or to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

C. Export

You agree to follow U.S. and other export control laws and agree not to transfer an EA Service to a foreign national, or national destination, that is prohibited by such laws. You also acknowledge you are not a person with whom EA is prohibited from doing business under these export control laws.

14. Changes to this Agreement

EA may modify this Agreement from time to time, so please review it frequently. For EA players who accepted a version of this Agreement prior to modification, the revisions will become effective 30 days after posting at terms.ea.com. Your continued use of EA Services means you accept the changes. Once you accept a version of the Agreement, we will not enforce future material changes without your express agreement to them. If you are asked to accept material changes to this Agreement and you decline to do so, you may not be able to continue to use the EA Service provided.

15. Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration

THIS SECTION APPLIES TO ALL CONSUMERS AND PEOPLE WHO ACCEPTED THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IT EXCLUDES RESIDENTS OF QUEBEC, RUSSIA, SWITZERLAND, BRAZIL, MEXICO, THE MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA, AND THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. BY ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND EA EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

This Section offers a streamlined way to resolve disputes between us if they arise. Most of your concerns can be resolved quickly and satisfactorily by logging into the EA customer support interface with your Account at help.ea.com. If EA cannot resolve your concern, you and EA agree to be bound by the procedure set forth in this Section to resolve any and all disputes between us.

This Section is an agreement between you and EA, and applies to our respective agents, employees, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, beneficiaries and assigns. This agreement to arbitrate evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Section. This Section shall be interpreted broadly and shall survive termination of this Agreement.

A. Claims Covered by Arbitration

All disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any EA Service and its marketing, or the relationship between you and EA ("Disputes") shall be determined exclusively by binding arbitration. This includes claims that accrued before you entered into this Agreement. The only Disputes not covered by this Section are claims (i) regarding the infringement, protection or validity of your, EA's or EA's licensors' trade secrets or copyright, trademark or patent rights; (ii) if you reside in Australia, to enforce a statutory consumer right under Australia consumer law; and (iii) brought in small claims court.

B. Informal Negotiations

You and EA shall first attempt to resolve any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration. The informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ("Notice of Dispute"). The Notice of Dispute must: (a) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing or email address. You will send your Notice of Dispute to: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City CA 94065, ATTENTION: Legal Department.

C. Binding Arbitration

If you and EA cannot resolve a Dispute informally, you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and, where appropriate, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration, EA will pay all arbitration fees and expenses. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone or online. The arbitrator shall make a decision in writing, and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.

D. Limitations

YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. The arbitrator shall not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and shall not preside over any type of representative or class proceeding. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. If this specific subsection is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void.

E. Location

If you live in the United States, arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you. For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo, State of California, United States of America, and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court, in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.

F. Recovery

If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA's last written settlement offer made before EA makes its final written submissions to the arbitrator, then EA will:
Pay you 150% of your arbitration award, up to $5,000 USD over and above your arbitration award; and
Reimburse the arbitration fees that you paid to the AAA.

G. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement

EA will not enforce material changes to this agreement to arbitrate, unless you expressly agree to the changes.

16. Supplemental Terms for PlayStationÂ®

A. For Purchases in PlayStationâ„¢Store in North America

Purchase and use of items are subject to the Network Terms of Service and User Agreement. This online service has been sublicensed to you by Sony Interactive Entertainment America.

B. For Purchases in PlayStationâ„¢Store in Europe

Any content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from Sony Interactive Entertainment Network Europe Limited ("SIENE") and be subject to PlayStationâ„¢Network Terms of Service and User Agreement which is available on the PlayStationâ„¢Store. Please check usage rights for each purchase as these may differ from item to item. Unless otherwise shown, content available in any in-game store has the same age rating as the game.
 These Terms and Conditions of Use were posted on April 20, 2018 and are effective for new and existing users of Under Armour websites, applications, and offline activities, on May 20, 2018.

Other Important Notes about this policy:

    For users based in the EEA, additional terms and conditions will apply, as set forth under the heading Location-Specific Disclosures.
        For users based in the EEA, to submit an account deletion request, data removal request, data access request, and any other related data inquiries, please use one or more of the following resources. Read More
    For users from Turkey, our distributor in Turkey operates a separate website http://www.underarmour.com.tr. Read More
    For users from Japan, our distributor in Japan operates a separate website http://www.underarmour.co.jp. Read More


Terms and Conditions of Use
Previous Under Armour Terms 2016  Download PDF

Effective Date: May 20, 2018
Welcome to Under Armour. We are passionate about creating innovative products and services to empower people everywhere, and we are thrilled to have you on our team. These Terms and Conditions of Use are the rules of the game - designed to create a positive, law-abiding community of our users. By using Under Armour's products and services, you are agreeing to all the terms below.

Under Armour, Inc. and Under Armour Europe B.V., as well as its affiliates and subsidiaries, including UA Connected Fitness, LLC (collectively referred to throughout as “Under Armour,” “we” or “us”), offer a variety of products and services, including the Under Armour-branded fitness and wellness related websites and applications (“MapMyFitness,” etc.), wearables, devices, and other hardware, and content; our e-commerce websites and applications (“Under Armour Shopping”); and all other current and future digital products and service offerings we make available, including any products services, and content provided in collaboration with our partners (collectively, the “Services”).

THESE TERMS INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 15. THIS PROVISION AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH UNDER ARMOUR AND YOU SHOULD REVIEW IT CAREFULLY. YOUR CHOICE TO MAINTAIN AN ACCOUNT, ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU CREATE AN ACCOUNT WITH US) CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH IS INCORPORATED INTO THE TERMS. IF YOU DISAGREE WITH ANY PART OF THE TERMS, THEN YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE OUR SERVICES.

Please note that by accessing or using our Services, your Personal Data (as that term is defined in the Privacy Policy and User-Generated Content (defined below) that you share with one part of the Service may also be shared among the entirety of Under Armour and its Services.

Please note the summaries in shaded boxes at the top of most sections are provided to make the Terms easier to understand. In the event of a conflict between any summary and any section of the Terms, the Terms will control.

Please feel free to contact us through our Support Team if you have any questions or suggestions.
1. Use of the Services and Your Account
1.1 Who can use the Under Armour Services
Under Armour welcomes users of all ages, but you must be at least 13 to use most of the Services, and at least 18 to use Under Armour Shopping.

You must be at least 18 to use Under Armour Shopping (unless otherwise specified in the International Terms section applicable to specific jurisdictions). If you are between the ages of 13-18, you may use our other Services (excluding Under Armour Shopping) only with the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian. No individual under these age limits may use the Services, provide any Personal Data to Under Armour, or otherwise submit Personal Data through the Services (e.g., a name, address, telephone number, or email address).
1.2 Your Account
You may need to create an Under Armour account to access the Services, and it's important that the information associated with your account is accurate and up-to-date (particularly your email address - if you ever forget your password, a working email address is often the only way for us to verify your identity and help you log back in).

You may need to register for an Under Armour account to access or use certain Services. Your account may also automatically provide you access and means to use any new Services.

When you create an account for any of our Services, you must provide us with accurate and complete information as prompted by the account creation and registration process, and keep that information up to date. Otherwise, some of our Services may not operate correctly, and we may not be able to contact you with important notices.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any and all actions that take place while using your account, and must notify our Support Team right away of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your account or account password. We are not responsible for any loss that results from unauthorized use of your username and password.

If you are a resident of the European Union: You have the right to delete your account with us by contacting our Support Team. If you choose to permanently delete your account, the non-public Personal Data that we have associated with your account will also be deleted.
1.3 Service Updates, Changes and Limitations
Our Services are constantly evolving. With the launch of new products, services, and features, we need the flexibility to make changes, impose limits, and occasionally suspend or terminate certain Services. We may also update our Services, which might not work properly if you don't install the updates.

The Services change frequently, and their form and functionality may change without prior notice to you.

We may provide updates (including automatic updates) for certain Services as and when we see fit. This may include upgrades, modifications, bug fixes, patches and other error corrections and/or new features (collectively, “Updates”). Certain portions of our Services may not properly operate if you do not install all Updates. You acknowledge and agree that the Service may not work properly if you do not allow such Updates and you expressly consent to automatic Updates. Further, you agree that the Terms (and any additional modifications of the same) will apply to any and all Updates to the Services. We may change, suspend, or discontinue any or all of the Services at any time, including the availability of any product, feature, database, or Content. In addition, we have no obligation to provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality of any Service. We may also impose limits on certain Services or restrict your access to part or all of the Services without notice or liability.
1.4 Service Monitoring and Suspension
We reserve the right to refuse to provide the Services to anyone, and can monitor, terminate or suspend your account or access to the Services at any time.

We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor any accounts and/or activities conducted through or in any way related to the Services (including inviting a fellow user into a community or group), as well as any user’s use of or access to Personal Data, and profiles of other users.

We may also deactivate, terminate or suspend your account or access to certain Services at any time: (1) if we, in our sole discretion, determine you are or have been in violation of these Terms or the spirit thereof (as highlighted in our Community Guidelines), (2) if we, in our sole discretion, determine you have created risk or possible legal exposure for Under Armour, the general public, any third party, or any user of our Services, (3) in response to requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (4) upon discontinuation or material modification of any Services, or (5) due to unexpected technical issues or problems. We will endeavor to notify you by email or the next time you attempt to access your account after any such deactivation, termination or suspension.
1.5 Security
Please let us know right away if you believe your account has been hacked or compromised.

We care about the security of our users. While we work hard to protect the security of your Personal Data, User-Generated Content, and account, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures. Please notify our Support Team immediately of any actual or suspected breach or unauthorized access or use of your account.
2. Ownership and Use of Content
2.1 Definitions
Content is what shows up on your display when you use our Services. User-Generated Content is any Content that is created by you or other users, and UA Content is all other Content.

For purposes of these Terms, (i) “Content” means any form of information, data or creative expression and includes, without limitation, video, audio, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, tools, text, ideas, communications, replies, “likes,” comments, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, maps, routes, geo-data, workouts and workout data, biometric data and data elements derived therefrom, training plans, sleep activity, annotations, nutrition information, recipes, interactive features, designs, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, branding, logos, and other similar assets, patents, sounds, applications and any intellectual property therein, any of which may be generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services; (ii) “User-Generated Content” means any Content that a user submits, transfers, or otherwise provides to or through the use of the Services; and (iii) “UA Content” means all Content that is not User-Generated Content.
2.2 Ownership
You own the Content that you create, and we own the Content that we create.

All UA Content and all copyright, trademarks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on the Services belong to Under Armour and/or its partners or applicable third parties. Each user retains ownership, responsibility for, and/or other applicable rights in the User-Generated Content that he/she creates, but grants a license of that User Generated Content to Under Armour as explained in Section 2.5 below. Under Armour and/or its partners or third parties retain ownership, responsibility for and/or other applicable rights in all UA Content. Except as expressly provided in the Terms, nothing grants you a right or license to use any UA Content, including any content owned or controlled by any of our partners or other third parties. You agree not to duplicate, publish, display, distribute, modify, or create derivative works from the material presented through the Services unless specifically authorized in writing by Under Armour.
2.3 Our License to You
You are welcome to access and use the UA Content and Services. We work hard to provide a great experience for our users, so please respect our intellectual property rights and only use the UA Content and Services as intended. This includes not using any UA Content or Services for commercial purposes without our permission. We do have APIs and other tools you can use to help create your own apps and products. Contact us to find out more.

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we grant you a limited, revocable, personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the Services and UA Content for your own personal, noncommercial purposes, provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, transfer or otherwise commercially exploit any right in the UA Content or Services.
2.4 Acceptable Usage Guidelines

    2.4.1 UA Content. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or authorized by Under Armour, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Services, the Services’ software, or any UA Content offered as part of the Services (other than User-Generated Content), in whole or in part. You shall not download, copy, or save UA Content, except (i) as expressly permitted by the functionality of certain Services (e.g., printed maps) as provided for in the specific guidelines and/or additional terms applicable to those Services, or (ii) solely for personal use or your records.

    2.4.2 Commercial Usage of the Services. The Services, with the exception of certain products and services provided though the Under Armour-branded websites and certain widgets we make available as tools for website owners (collectively, the “Commercial Tools”), are intended only for your personal, non-commercial use. You shall not use the Services (other than certain Commercial Tools) to sell a product or service, increase traffic to your own website or a third-party website for commercial reasons (such as advertising sales), or otherwise undertake any endeavor aimed at deriving revenue. For example, you shall not take the results from a search of the Services and reformat and display them, or mirror our home pages or results pages on your website. Moreover, you shall not “meta-search” our Services. If you seek to make commercial use of the Services other than through the Commercial Tools, you must enter into an agreement with us to do so in advance. To learn more about the Commercial Tools, please visit our Developer Portal. By using any of the Commercial Tools, you acknowledge and agree to the Terms and any additional terms and conditions applicable to those select Services.

    2.4.3 Linking to the Services. If you would like to link to our Services on your website or application, please follow these rules: (i) any link to the Services must be a text only link clearly marked “Under Armour” (without the use of any other trademark, logo copyright or any other intellectual property asset owned or controlled by Under Armour) or in some other format directed by Under Armour, (ii) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not damage or dilute the goodwill associated with our marks, (iii) the link must “point” to the root domain name of the Services and not to other pages within the Services, (iv) the appearance, position and other attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated with Under Armour, (v) when selected, the link must display the Service on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the linking website or service, and (vi) Under Armour reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion, and upon our notification to you of such revocation of consent, you agree to promptly remove the relevant link.

2.5 Your License to Us
When you post Content in connection with the Services, it belongs to you - however, you're giving us permission to use that Content in connection with our Services and make the Content available to others. We can edit or remove your Content from our Services at any time for any reason. Don't post any content that is not yours or that you do not have permission to post.

When you provide User-Generated Content to Under Armour through the Services, you grant Under Armour and our users a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, freely transferable, sublicensable, worldwide right and license to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display (publicly or otherwise), perform (publicly or otherwise), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt (including, without limitation, in order to conform to the requirements of any networks, devices, services, or media through which the Services are available), commercialize, create derivative works of, and otherwise exploit such User-Generated Content in connection with any and all Services. You acknowledge and agree that: (a) we have the right to arrange the posting of User-Generated Content in any way we desire; (b) Under Armour has no obligation to provide you with any credit when using your User-Generated Content, but if Under Armour chooses to provide you with credit, the size and placement of the credit is at our sole discretion; and © you are not entitled to any compensation or other payment from us in connection with the use of your User-Generated Content.

The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purposes of allowing Under Armour to operate and allow other users to use the Services in accordance with their functionality, improve the Services, and develop new Services. Notwithstanding the above, we will not make use of any of your User-Generated Content in a manner that is inconsistent with the privacy settings you establish within our Services. For information on managing your privacy settings for the Services, see the Privacy Policy.

We reserve the right to monitor, remove or modify User-Generated Content for any reason and at any time, including User-Generated Content we believe violates these Terms, the Community Guidelines, and/or our policies.

You agree you will respect the intellectual property rights of others. You represent and warrant you have all the necessary rights to grant Under Armour the foregoing license for all User-Generated Content you submit in connection with the Services and will indemnify us for any breach of this representation and warranty.
2.6 Spreading the Word
If you share someone else's personal information with us, you must first get their permission.

We hope you enjoy using our Services and encourage you to share your enthusiasm for them with your friends. If you elect to use the features in our Services to tell a friend about the Services, we will ask you to provide your friend’s email address or social media profile, which we may then use to contact your friend about the Services. We may store the information you provide for a period of time, but we will not post this information publicly. You represent and warrant that you are authorized to provide any third-party contact information that you provide to us for referrals and will indemnify us for any breach of this representation and warranty.
2.7 Content Retention
Please keep in mind that when you make something publicly available on the Internet, it becomes practically impossible to take down all copies of it in the future.

Following termination of your account, or if you remove any User-Generated Content from the Services, we may retain your User-Generated Content for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. Furthermore, Under Armour and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, share, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute any of your User-Generated Content that otherwise has been stored or shared through the Services. Accordingly, note that the above license to your User-Generated Content continues even if you stop using the Services. When you post something publicly, others may choose to comment on it, making your Content part of a social conversation. For more information, please review our Privacy Policy.
2.8 User-Generated Content and Eligibility to Participate in Certain Sports Organizations
Things that happen online may have consequences in the real world.

Certain sports organizations have rules on amateurism and eligibility that could potentially be implicated if you post User-Generated Content within the Services, even if you believe it is noncommercial in nature. It is your responsibility to determine whether posting such content within the Services will affect your eligibility to participate in any sport under any applicable rules of any sports organization.
2.9 Your Feedback
We appreciate your feedback and can freely use your suggestions to make Under Armour and users around the world better. Thank you and keep the ideas coming!

If you choose to submit comments, ideas or feedback, you should submit the idea through our Idea Submission website, and you agree that we are free to use the ideas you submit without any restriction or compensation to you. By accepting your submission, Under Armour does not waive any rights to use similar or related feedback previously known to Under Armour, developed by our employees, or obtained from sources other than you. You certify and represent that the information or feedback you submit to us through the Services is not confidential or proprietary information.


3. Community Guidelines
3.1 Interactive Areas
Our Services often contain community features. When you post content through these features that content may become public. We may, but do not always, monitor our community features, and ultimately you are responsible for your interactions with other users. Please use good judgment and play fair.

Some of our Services may include reviews, discussion forums, conversation pages, blogs or other interactive areas or social features that allow you and other users to post User-Generated Content and interact with one another (“Interactive Areas”). You are solely responsible for your use of the Interactive Areas and for any User-Generated Content you post, including the transmission, accuracy and completeness of the User-Generated Content. As the Interactive Areas are often public, you understand your User-Generated Content may be made and remain public. You should, accordingly, never post any Personal Data in an Interactive Area.

We are entitled, but have no obligation, to monitor our community features. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users, whether online or in person, including but not limited to comments, challenges, and friendly competition. We assume no responsibility or liability for any loss or damage resulting from any interaction with other users who employ the Services, individuals you meet through the Services, or individuals who find you because of Content posted on, by or through the Services. Under Armour is under no obligation to become involved in and disclaims all liability related to any disputes between its users and you release Under Armour from all responsibility and liability arising our of or in connection with such dispute.

3.2 Community Guidelines
Our Services are intended to be a safe and supportive environment to help you reach your fitness and wellness goals. You cannot use our services to post inappropriate material, harass people, send spam, violate intellectual property rights, or act inappropriately. Be reasonable and act responsibly.

Our Services are intended to create a safe and supportive community for all users. To maintain a safe and positive environment, we require everyone to agree to and follow certain rules (the “Community Guidelines”) when posting User-Generated Content and using the Services. Our Community Guidelines are based in many instances on principles of applicable law. Violations of our Community Guidelines accordingly may expose you to criminal charges and civil liability. By using the Services you agree that your User-Generated Content and use of the Services, including without limitation the Interactive Areas, will not violate the Community Guidelines.  If you violate the Community Guidelines, we reserve the right to terminate your access to the Services.

    No Inappropriate Content. Don’t post Content that is stalking, threatening, hurtful, harassing, abusive, or embarrassing to other members of the community. No derogatory references to sex, gender, age, weight, body type, disability, ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation, or endorsement of violence against any person or group, even if couched in humor, will be permitted. This includes expressing stereotypes about any group or community. Don’t post Content that is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, offensive, hateful, inflammatory, or that promotes sexually explicit material. You can respectfully disagree with a message, post or topic, but please do not attack other users by mocking or insulting them. If you are attacked by another user, and you reciprocate, you may also be subject to the same consequences.

    No Hijacking, Trolling, or Flame-baiting. If you are participating in our forums, please stay on-topic in an existing thread, and post new threads in the appropriate forum. Taking a thread off-topic is considered hijacking. This includes posts that provoke or are intended to incite uproar.

    No Promotion of Unsafe Weight-Loss Techniques or Eating Disorders. Use of the Services to promote, glamorize, or achieve dangerously low levels of eating is not permitted. Accordingly, please do not contribute the following types of Content, which may be removed without warning:

        Content intended to promote potentially unsafe or controversial weight loss products or procedures, including non-medically prescribed supplements or MLM.

        Profiles, groups, messages, posts, or wall comments that encourage anorexia, bulimia, or very low calorie diets. This includes positive references to ana/mia, purging, or self-starving.

        Photos intended to glamorize extreme thinness.

    No Harm to Minors. Don’t use the Services in a way that harms minors (or anyone, really).

    No Disruptions, Exploits, or Resource Abuse. Do not interfere with or damage operation of the Services, including through unauthorized use, disruption, automated attacks, exploitation, or abuse of our resources

    No Sending Spam and Junk Mail. Don’t spam people via posts, replies, or messages.

    No Illegal Content. Don’t advocate, promote, or assist any fraudulent or illegal act (e.g., violence, impersonation and computer misuse).

    No Soliciting Personal Data. Please don’t post or solicit Personal Data regarding or from any third party, including photographs, telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, email addresses and passwords in the Interactive Areas.

    No Public Posting of Private Conversations. Don’t publicly post an email or private message from any other user, moderator or administrator.

    No Breach of Legal Duty. Don’t post Content in breach of any contractual or other legal duty owed to a third party.

    No Deceptive or Fraudulent Links. Don’t post deceptive or fraudulent links. This includes links with misleading descriptions, putting the wrong “source” field in a post, setting misleading click-through links on images, or embedding links to interstitial or pop-up ads.

    No Intellectual Property Infringement. Respect the intellectual property of others. If you aren’t allowed to use someone else’s proprietary work or likeness (either by license or by legal exceptions and limitations such as fair use), please don’t post it. In particular, if you have any reason to believe User-Generated Content you see on our Services is infringing your intellectual property or the intellectual property of others, please see the Intellectual Property/DMCA section of our Terms.

    No Impersonating Under Armour or Others. Don’t post Content that is likely to deceive any person or be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person, including with Under Armour. Creating an account for the purposes of deceiving other users or to work around a suspension is not permitted and will be grounds for a permanent ban from the Services.

    No Automated Querying. Do not send automated queries of any sort to the systems and networks we use to provide the Services without our express written permission.

    Other. Don’t post Content that contains anything that, in Under Armour’s sole determination, is objectionable or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services, or that may expose Under Armour or our users to any harm or liability of any kind. Don’t post content that may damage or dilute the goodwill associated with Under Armour or our marks.

If we determine you are violating the Community Guidelines or otherwise have breached the Terms, we may take actions to address the issue, including, but not limited to, terminating your right to use the Services, removing your User-Generated Content, taking legal action against you (in which case you agree that we may recover reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees) or disclosing information to law enforcement authorities. We reserve the right to enforce, or not enforce, these Community Guidelines in our sole discretion, and they don’t create a duty or contractual obligation for us to act in any particular manner.
3.3 Reporting Objectionable User-Generated Content
People do post inappropriate content on user-generated content sites. We do our best to keep the community safe and secure (users respecting the Community Guidelines helps), but you still might run into bad content before we have a chance to take it down. If you spot anything objectionable, please let us know.

While we require all of our users to comply with the Community Guidelines and reserve the right to monitor for violations, we ultimately cannot guarantee all users will comply with the Community Guidelines or these Terms at all times. If you believe any Content submitted to our Services violates the Community Guidelines, or if you know or suspect someone is misusing your User-Generated Content, please report it to the Support Team. We have the right, but not the obligation, to review and take action or remove any User-Generated Content you report. You understand and acknowledge that when you access or otherwise use the Services, you may be exposed to User-Generated Content from a variety of sources, and we are not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, legality, appropriateness, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User-Generated Content.

We are not responsible or liable for any injury or harm to you resulting from objectionable User-Generated Content or another user’s failure to comply with our Community Guidelines.
4. Intellectual Property/ DMCA
We respect intellectual property laws. If anything is wrong, please send an email with all the details to ConnectedFitnessIP@ua.com

If you believe User-Generated Content or UA Content infringes copyright or trademark under U.S. or other national law, please notify our us immediately using the contact information provided herein. It is our policy to investigate any allegations of infringement brought to our attention. Please provide us with the following information in your notice of a suspected violation:

    Identification of the material being infringed.
    Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location, with sufficient detail so that we are capable of finding it and verifying its existence.
    Contact information for the notifying party (the “Notifying Party”), including name, address, telephone number, and email address.
    A statement that the Notifying Party has a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the owner, its agent or law.
    A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided in the notice is accurate and that the Notifying Party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the owner.
    A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the material that has been allegedly infringed.

Your notice must be signed (physically or electronically) and must be addressed as follows:

Copyright Agent
c/o Under Armour, Inc.
1020 Hull Street
Baltimore, MD 21230
ConnectedFitnessIP@ua.com.

You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your notice may not be valid. Some information provided in a notice of infringement may be forwarded to the user who posted the allegedly infringing content. In the U.S., under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability. Please see www.copyright.gov for more information about how to prepare or respond to a DMCA notice and/or www.uspto.gov/trademark for more information about trademark rights.
5. Third Party Links and Services
Our Services may link to, interact with or be available on third-party services or products such as social media and third-party devices. If you access such third-party services or products, be aware that different terms and privacy policies apply to your usage of such services.
5.1 Social Networking and Logins

You may enable or log in to the Services via various online third-party services, such as social media and social networking services like Facebook or Twitter (“Social Networking Services”). To take advantage of these features and capabilities, we may ask you to authenticate, register for, or log into Social Networking Services on the websites of their respective providers. As part of this integration, the Social Networking Services will provide us with access to certain information you have provided to them, and we will use, store, and disclose such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please remember the way Third Party Services (including Social Networking Services) use, store, and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of those Third Party Services, and we have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third-party website or service that may be enabled within the Services. In addition, we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability, or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice, or statements made available in connection with Social Networking Services. As such, we are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such Social Networking Services.
5.2 Third-Party Applications

You may be able to access certain third-party links, applications, content, services, promotions, special offers, or other events or activities (“Third-Party Applications”) via our Services. If you choose to access these Third-Party Applications, you may be requested to log-in and sync your accounts with such applications. You are in no way obligated to use any Third-Party Applications, your access and use of such applications is entirely at your own risk, and we have no associated liability. In addition, we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability, or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice, or statements made available by any Third-Party Applications. As such, we are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such Third-Party Applications.
5.3 Third Party Products

Our Services may be accessed on third-party devices or other products (“Third Party Products”), and your ability to use certain features of the Services may require you to purchase Third-Party Products (e.g., fitness trackers). While we may recommend, promote, or market the products of certain partners, we have no responsibility for your acquisition or use of any Third-Party Products, and we do not guarantee that Third-Party Products will function with the Services or will be error-free. We hereby disclaim liability for all Third-Party Products, including any Third-Party Products offered by our partners.
5.4 Third-Party Services, Activities, and Events

Our Services may include the ability to discover, access or participate in certain services, activities, or events (“Third-Party Activities”). By way of example and not limitation, you can use the Under Armour We Will site to access information about and register for third party volunteer opportunities. Third-Party Activities are offered and provided by Third Parties, not Under Armour. Your attendance at and participation in Third-Party Activities is solely at your own risk. Under Armour will not be liable for any act, error or omission of any Third Party, including, without limitation, any which arises out of or is any way connected with a user’s attendance, use of or participation in any Third-Party Activities initially discovered, booked or registered for via the Services, or the performance or non-performance of any Third Party in connection with the Services. Under Armour is not an agent of any provider of Third-Party Activities.
6. Mobile Services
While we strive to make our applications available on many platforms, we can't guarantee that our applications are compatible with your device (though please let Customer Support know if you have a question or problem; we want to help). If you use our applications, your standard data and messaging rates will apply, and the rules of the app store from which you are downloading will also apply.
6.1 Wireless Carrier and Device Considerations

To use or access our applications, you will need a compatible device. We cannot guarantee the applications will be compatible with, or available on, your device. We do not charge for use of some basic applications; however, you may need to pay fees to use certain premium applications or features. Further, your phone company’s normal messaging, data, and other rates and fees will still apply.
6.2 Text and Mobile Messaging Express Consents

By downloading or using our applications, you expressly agree we may communicate with you regarding transactions you have initiated on the Services or respond to your communications to us through the Services by SMS, MMS, text message, or other electronic means directed to your device and that certain information about your usage of the applications may be communicated to us automatically form your device. We will not send you direct messages of a marketing nature without your prior express written consent and you can opt out of receiving any marketing messages from us at any time.
6.3 Mobile Application License

We hereby grant you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use our applications downloaded directly from a legitimate marketplace, solely in object code format and solely for your personal use for lawful purposes. With respect to any open source or third-party code that may be incorporated in the applications, such open source code is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code.
6.4 App Stores

If you download our applications from a third-party app store (the “App Provider”), you acknowledge and agree that:

    The Terms are an agreement between us, and not with the App Provider. As between Under Armour and the App Provider, Under Armour is solely responsible for its applications;

    The App Provider has no obligation to provide any maintenance and support services with respect to the Under Armour applications;

    In the event of any failure of the Under Armour applications to conform to any applicable warranty, (i) you may notify the App Provider and the App Provider may refund the purchase price for the applications to you (if applicable), (ii) to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the applications, and (iii) any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be, as between Under Armour and the App Provider, Under Armour’s responsibility;

    The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have relating to the applications or your possession and use of the applications;

    If a third party claims an application infringes another party’s intellectual property rights, as between the App Provider and Under Armour, Under Armour will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such claim to the extent required by these Terms;

    The App Provider and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms as it relates to your license to the applications. Upon your acceptance of these Terms, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to your license of the applications against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof; and

    You must also comply with all applicable third-party terms of service when using the applications.

7. Paid Services
If you choose to subscribe to any of our enhanced, paid services, these are the payment and billing terms that apply. Paid services and billing may auto-renew unless you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
7.1 Payment Terms

We offer certain premium versions of the Services (the “Premium Services”) for a fee. By signing up for and using the Premium Services, you agree to our Terms, and any additional terms and conditions provided here. You also agree to waive your 14-day right of withdrawal at the moment you subscribe to the Premium Services to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, so that you are able to immediately access them.

The Premium Services provide you access to certain enhanced products, services, features and functionality (e.g., premium graphs and analysis, an ad-free browsing experience). By signing up for and using the Premium Services, including signing up for Free Trials of the Premium Services, you agree to pay any fees or other incurred charges that apply to the Premium Services (such as subscription fees).

When you sign up for the Premium Services, you must designate and provide information about your preferred payment method (“Payment Method”). This information must be complete and accurate, and you are responsible for keeping it up to date. You expressly authorize us to collect via automatic debit or ACH from your Payment Method the appropriate fees charged for the Premium Services and for any other purchases you elect to make via the Services.

You can choose to pay for the Premium Services on a monthly or annual basis. Unless otherwise stated, all fees due for the Premium Services are payable in advance, and will be billed automatically to the Payment Method at the start of the monthly or annual Premium Service period, as applicable. Unless otherwise stated, Premium Services will auto-renew until you elect to cancel your access to Premium Services. All purchases of Premium Services are final and non-refundable, except at our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Premium Service.
7.2 Termination or Cancellation of Premium Services

If you do not pay the fees or charges due for your use of the Premium Services, we may make reasonable efforts to notify you and resolve the issue; however, we reserve the right to disable or terminate your access to the Premium Services (and may do so without notice).

You can cancel the Premium Services at any time. More information on how to cancel can be found here. Once you have cancelled your Premium Service and received confirmation, no other changes can be made to your account. The cancellation of a Premium Service will go into effect at the end of your current billing cycle, and you will have the same level of access to the Premium Service through the remainder of such billing cycle. For example, if you are billed on a monthly basis and cancel during a given month, you will be charged for the entirety of that month and maintain access to the Premium Service through the end of that month.

There are no refunds for termination or cancellation of your Premium Service. If you no longer wish to subscribe to a Premium Service, it is your responsibility to cancel your Premium Service in due time, regardless of whether or not you actively use the Premium Service.
7.3 Fee Changes

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, we may change our prices for Premium Services at any time. We will give you reasonable notice of any such pricing changes by posting the new prices on or through the applicable Premium Service and/or by sending you an email notification. If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you can cancel the applicable Premium Service prior to the change going into effect.
7.4 Discount, Coupon or Gift Codes

If you have received a discount, coupon or gift code to a Premium Service, the following terms and conditions apply in addition to the terms and conditions of the specific code. To redeem a discount or coupon code, log in to the applicable Service and enter the applicable code to take advantage of the relevant promotion. All discounts, gift and coupon codes can only be applied when subscribing to Premium Services, and to accounts not already subscribed to Premium Services. Discount, coupon and gift codes cannot be combined with any other cash-off price, sales, promotion or coupon, and cannot be exchanged, refunded, replaced or redeemed for cash or payment of accounts. A payment method may be required to redeem a discount or coupon code. It is your own responsibility to use a discount, coupon or gift code before it expires, and expired codes cannot be refunded or extended. It is also your responsibility to terminate the Premium Service before the end of a free or discounted period if you do not want to continue with a Premium Service at the regular price. The terms and conditions of a specific discount, coupon or gift code may include additional restrictions on its use, including but not limited to the type of plan, duration of free or discounted Premium Service, coupon validity dates, and/or purchase quantities. Under Armour reserves the right to cancel discounts and coupon promotions at any time.
7.5 Free Trials

We sometimes offer free trials of our Premium Services or other promotional offers (each a “Free Trial”). A Free Trial provides you access to the Premium Services for a period of time, with details specified when you sign up for the offer.

In order to sign up for a Free Trial, you may need to provide us with your preferred Payment Method. As soon as you submit your payment details, your Free Trial will begin. You will not be charged until the Free Trial period ends.

Unless you cancel before the end of the Free Trial, or unless otherwise stated, your access to the Premium Service will automatically continue and you will be billed the applicable fees for that Premium Service using the Payment Method you provided. All incurred charges are final and non-refundable, except at our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Premium Service. We may send you a reminder when your Free Trial is about to end, but we do not guarantee any such notifications. It is ultimately your responsibility to know when the Free Trial will end if you decide you do not want to become a paying Premium Services user after the Free Trial period.

If you decide you do not want to become a paying Premium Services user, you must cancel your subscription before the end of the Free Trial period. Depending on the applicable Premium Service, you may lose access as soon as you cancel or at the end of the Free Trial period. Once you have cancelled your Free Trial and received confirmation, you cannot resume the Free Trial period even if it was not used for the entire duration of the offer.

Premium Service features and content may change at any time, and we cannot guarantee any specific feature or content will be available for the entire Free Trial period. The rates in effect when you sign up for the Free Trial will be the same when the Free Trial ends, unless we notify you otherwise. We reserve the right, in our absolute discretion, to modify or terminate any Free Trial offer, your access to the Premium Services during the Free Trial, or any of these terms without notice and with no liability. You may not sign up for more than one Free Trial of a given Premium Service at the same time, and we reserve the right to limit your ability to take advantage of multiple Free Trials.
8. Shopping and E-Commerce

Additional e-commerce terms and conditions may apply to Under Armour Shopping. You can find these terms and conditions below. We also aim to provide information about our refund, exchange, re-stocking, taxes, shipping, and related policies at or near the point of purchase. If you have questions related to Under Armour Shopping, please contact our Support Team. Please review these policies prior to making purchases through Under Armour Shopping.
9. Physical Activities and Dietary Guidance
It's important to us that users stay healthy while achieving their fitness goals. Please be responsible and use your best judgment and common sense. We provide our Services for information purposes only, and can't be held liable if you get injured or something goes wrong. In particular, while most of the content posted by the other users in our community is helpful, it is coming from strangers on the Internet and should never trump good judgment or actual medical advice.
9.1 Safety First

Under Armour cares about your safety. You should consult with your healthcare provider(s) and consider the associated risks before using our Services in connection with any physical activity, wellness or fitness program, or any dietary program or guidance. By using our Services, you agree, represent and warrant that you have received consent from your physician to participate in wellness and fitness programs, workouts, exercises or any of the related activities made available to you in connection with the Services, and that you have consulted with your physician before making any dietary changes based upon information available through the Services. Everyone’s condition and abilities are different, and participating in the activities promoted by our Services is at your own risk. If you choose to participate in these activities, you do so of your own free will and accord, knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks associated with such activities. Activities promoted by the Services may pose risks even to those who are currently in good health.

You understand and agree that we will not carry out and are not responsible for any physical inspection, supervision, preparation, execution or conduct of any activities related to or accessed or discovered via the Services (e.g., featured, official or community created challenges; routes; friendly competitions or similar activities; any single or group training activities; any Third-Party Activities or other events or activities that utilize our Services). Maps, directions and other GPS or navigation data, including data relating to your current location, may be unavailable, inaccurate or incomplete. We encourage you to always put safety first, follow applicable traffic regulations, do not change settings on your device while in motion or in unsafe areas and always be vigilant and take stock of your surroundings when exercising.

You expressly agree that your athletic activities, which may generate the User-Generated Content you post or seek to post on or via the Services (e.g., running, walking, cycling, hiking) and certain Third-Party Activities carry certain inherent and significant risks of property damage, bodily injury, or death and that you voluntarily assume all known and unknown risks associated with these activities, even if caused in whole or part by the action, inaction, or negligence of Under Armour or by the action, inaction, or negligence of others.

Except as otherwise set out in these Terms, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible or liable, either directly or indirectly, for any injuries or damages sustained from your physical activities or your use of, or inability to use, any Services or features of the Services, including any Content or activities you access or learn about through our Services (e.g., a Third-Party Activity such as a yoga class), even if caused in whole or part by the action, inaction or negligence of Under Armour or others. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree we do not assume responsibility for any Third-Party Activity or any other race, contest, class, athletic activity or event that utilizes or is promoted by or accessed via the Services.
9.2 Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy and Reliance on Content

We make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of any Content available through the Services, and we make no commitment to update such Content.

In addition, User-Generated Content, including advice, statements, or other information, including, without limitation, food, nutrition, dietary guidance, exercise or training guidance, athletic activities, and exercise database entries, are not produced by Under Armour, and should not be relied on without independent verification. User-Generated Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the user from whom such User-Generated Content originated. All information is provided “as is” without any representation, warranty or condition as to its accuracy or reliability.

Not all users who may identify themselves as professional trainers or licensed dieticians are licensed in all applicable jurisdictions. Under Armour has no and assumes no obligation to verify that users who identify themselves as licensed trainers or dieticians are actually licensed. If you hold yourself out as a licensed trainer or dietician, you represent and warrant that you are actually licensed for the services you provide in the jurisdiction in which you offer your services. Users should also bear in mind that even if a user is a licensed trainer in one jurisdiction that does not mean the trainer user is licensed in the jurisdiction from which other users access the trainer user’s advice. Accordingly, relying on any advice provided by other users is at your own risk. To the extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances will Under Armour be responsible or liable for any loss or damage resulting from your reliance on information or advice provided by any user of our Services.
9.3 Not Medical Advice

We aim to provide useful general information for our community, not professional medical advice. The Services are not medical devices, and the data provided by them is not intended to be utilized for medical purposes or to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease, ailment or injury. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree we are not providing medical advice via the Services. All Content provided through the Services, whether provided by us or by other users or third parties (even if they are claiming to be a doctor!) is not intended to be and should not be used in place of (a) the advice of your physician or other medical professionals, (b) a visit, call or consultation with your physician or other medical professionals, or © information contained on or in any product packaging or label. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible for any health problems that may result from training programs, dietary recommendations, consultations, products, or events you learn about through the Services. Should you have any health related questions, please call or see your physician or other healthcare provider promptly. If you have an emergency, call your physician or your local emergency services immediately.

Your use of the Services does not constitute or create a doctor-patient, therapist-patient or other healthcare professional relationship between Under Armour and you.
9.4 Success Stories Not Typical

Success stories posted by users or Under Armour on our Services may not represent typical or even accurate results obtained from any particular fitness activity or diet. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Under Armour has no and assumes no obligation or liability associated with the accuracy, reliability or effectiveness of any fitness activity or dietary recommendation contained in any user success stories.
9.5 Accuracy

The Services are intended to provide you with information to encourage you to support your wellness and fitness activities. Some of the Services are aimed at tracking your physical movements and sleep activity (“Activity Tracking Services”). These Activity Tracking Services rely on sensors and/or GPS functionality that track your movement or body at rest. The data and information provided by the Activity Tracking Services are intended to be a representation of your activity, but may not be completely accurate, including with respect to step, sleep, speed, distance, or calorie data. By using Activity Tracking Services, you acknowledge and agree that Under Armour is not responsible or liable for any inaccuracy in such data.

If you are a resident of New Jersey or the Netherlands:

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our responsibility for losses or damages caused by Under Armour’s own fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or willful misconduct.
10. Modifications to the Terms and Product-Specific Terms
As Under Armour grows and improves, we might have to make changes to these Terms or include additional terms that are specific to certain products.
10.1 Updates to these Terms

Under Armour reserves the right to modify these Terms by (i) posting revised Terms on and/or through the Services, and/or (ii) providing advance notice to you of material changes to the Terms, generally via email where practicable, and otherwise through the Services (such as through a notification on the home page of the Under Armour websites or in our applications). Modifications will not apply retroactively unless required by law.

We may sometimes ask you to review and to explicitly agree to or reject a revised version of the Terms. In such cases, modifications will be effective at the time of your agreement to the modified version of the Terms. If you do not agree at that time, you are not permitted to use the Services. In cases where we do not ask for your explicit agreement to a modified version of the Terms, the modified version of the Terms will become effective as of the date specified in the Terms. Your choice to maintain an account, access or use the Services (regardless of whether you create an account with us) following that date constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Terms as modified. If you do not agree to the modifications, you are not permitted to use, and should discontinue your use of, the Services.
10.2 Product-Specific Terms

We may also require you to agree to additional terms, rules, policies, guidelines, or other conditions (collectively, “Product-Specific Terms” that are specific to certain Services (for example, the Commercial Tools). In such cases, you may be required to expressly consent to Product-Specific Terms. For instance, you might need to check a box or click on a button marked “I agree.” If any of the Product-Specific Terms are different than the Terms, the Product-Specific Terms will supplement, amend, or supersede the Terms, but only with respect to the subject matter of the Product-Specific Terms.
11. No Warranties

EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER ARMOUR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE LAW. THE SERVICES AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITH ALL FAULTS BASIS. Without limiting the foregoing, you understand that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, availability, or reliability of any of the Services or any Content. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we do not warrant that (i) the Services will meet your requirements or provide specific results, (ii) the operation of the Services will be uninterrupted, virus- or error-free or free from other harmful elements or (iii) errors will be corrected. Any oral or written advice provided by our agents or us does not and will not create any warranty. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we also make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to Content; User-Generated Content, in particular, is provided by and is solely the responsibility of the users providing that Content. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from other users or through the Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein. You therefore expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the Services is at your sole risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you.

12. Limitation of Liability

We are building the best Services we can for you but we can't promise they will be perfect. We're not liable for various things that could go wrong as a result of your use of the Services.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances (including, without limitation, negligence) shall Under Armour, its subsidiaries, partners or any wireless carriers be liable to you or any third party for (a) any indirect, incidental, special, reliance, exemplary, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever; (b) loss of profits, revenue, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses; © damages relating to your access to, use of, or inability to access or use the Services; (d) damages relating to any conduct or content of any third party or user of the Services, including without limitation, defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct or content; and/or (e) damages in any manner relating to any Third-Party Content, Third-party Products or Third-Party Activities accessed via the Services. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, this limitation applies to all claims, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, whether or not Under Armour has been informed of the possibility of such damage, and further where a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed its essential purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the total liability of Under Armour, for any claim under these Terms, including for any implied warranties, is limited to the greater of one thousand dollars (us $1,000.00) or the amount you paid us to use the applicable Service(s) in the past twelve months.

In particular, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we are not liable for any claims arising out of (a) your use of the Services (including but not limited to your participation in any activities promoted by or accessed via the Services), (b) the use, disclosure, display, or maintenance of a usr’s Personal Data, © any other interactions with us or any other users of the Services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (d) other Content, information, services or goods received through or advertised on the Services or received through any links provided with the Services.

To the extent permitted by applicable law, you acknowledge and agree that we offer the Services and set the Services’ prices in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers, releases, and limitations of liability set forth in the Terms, that these warranty disclaimers, releases, and limitations of liability reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between you and form an essential basis of the bargain between you and us. We would not be able to provide the Services to you on an economically reasonable basis without these warranty disclaimers, releases, and limitations of liability.

If you are a resident of California: You waive your rights with respect to California Civil Code Section 1542, which says “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”

If you are a resident of New Jersey: Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our responsibility for losses or damages caused by UA’s own fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or willful misconduct.

13. Indemnification

If you are a resident of the United States or any location other than France or Germany: To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Under Armour, its subsidiaries, suppliers and other partners harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) the User-Generated Content you access or share through the Services; (b) your use of the Services, © your athletic activities in connection with the Services (including, but not limited to, athletic activities in connection with any contests, races, group activities, Third-Party Activities or other events that we may sponsor, organize, participate in, or where the Services are employed), (d) your connection to the Services, (e) your violation of these Terms, (f) your use or misuse of any user’s Personal Data, (g) any violation of the rights of any other person or entity by you, or (h) your employment of the Services to meet another user in person or to locate and attend any offline place or event. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under the Terms, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.

If you are a resident of France or Germany: Notwithstanding the previous paragraph, you agree to indemnify and hold Under Armour, its subsidiaries, suppliers and other partners harmless from any claim or demand as result of your negligent or intentional behavior, including reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) the User-Generated Content you access through the Services; (b) your violation of these Terms, © your use or misuse of any user’s Personal Data, (d) any violation of the rights of any other person or entity by you, or (e) your employment of the Services to meet another user in person or to locate and attend any offline place or event. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under the Terms, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.

If you are a resident of New Jersey: Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in these Terms imposes an obligation for you to indemnify us from claims arising out of UA’s own fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or willful misconduct.

14. Governing Law

If you are a resident of the United States or any non-European Union location: These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland and controlling U.S. federal law as applicable, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

If you are a resident of the European Union: These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

15. Disputes and Arbitration, Jurisdiction and Venue

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you and Under Armour agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. Except where prohibited, you and we agree to submit to the personal and exclusive arbitration of disputes relating to your general use of the Services under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Please visit www.adr.org for more information about arbitration.

Any arbitration between you and us, to the extent necessary, will be conducted in Baltimore, Maryland, and you waive any right to claim that such location is an inconvenient forum. You agree not to sue us or bring arbitration in any other forum.

The arbitration will be conducted in English. A single independent and impartial arbitrator will be appointed pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Both you and we agree to comply with the following rules, which are intended to streamline the dispute resolution process and reduce the costs and burdens for everyone involved:

    the arbitration will be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner to be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration;

    the arbitration will not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the parties; and

    any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

Barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrator will issue his or her decision within 120 days from the date the arbitrator is appointed. The arbitrator may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. All arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. The award of the arbitrator will be in writing and will include a statement describing the reasons for the disposition of any claim.

You also acknowledge and understand that, with respect to any dispute with us arising out of or relating to your choice to maintain an account, access or use the Services:

    You are giving up your right to have a trial by jury;

    You are giving up your right to serve as a representative, as a private attorney general, or in any other representative capacity, or to participate as a member of a class of claimants, in any lawsuit involving any such dispute; and

    You must file any claim within one (1) year after such claim arose or it is forever barred.

If this arbitration provision is found to be null and void, then all disputes arising under the Terms between us will be subject to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Baltimore, Maryland, and you and we hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts.

This agreement to arbitrate will not preclude you or Under Armour from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration, including without limitation orders to stay a court action, compel arbitration or confirm an arbitral award, from a court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, this agreement to arbitrate will not preclude you or Under Armour from (i) applying to the appropriate court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or conservatory relief, as necessary, or (ii) seeking relief in any state or federal court for disputes related to a violation or possible violation of Under Armour’s intellectual property rights.

In the event of any litigation or arbitration arising from or related to these Terms, or the Services provided, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party all reasonable costs incurred including staff time, court costs, attorneys’ fees, and all other related expenses incurred in such litigation or arbitration.

If you are a resident of the European Union: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, if there is a dispute that you and Under Armour cannot resolve, you have the right to submit a complaint through http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. Other than as set out in these Terms, we do not participate in any ADR scheme.

    In addition, nothing in these Terms limits your rights to bring an action against Under Armour in the local courts of your place of domicile. All disputes arising under the Terms between you and Under Armour will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in your place of domicile, or the courts located in the Netherlands, and you and we hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts.

If you are a resident of Finland: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, if there is a dispute that you and Under Armour cannot resolve, you have the right to submit a complaint to the local Consumer Disputes Board or other corresponding body.

If you are a resident of Denmark: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, if there is a dispute that you and Under Armour cannot resolve, you have the right to submit a complaint to the Danish Competition and Consumer Authority (Konkurrence- og Forbrugerstyrelsen, Center for Klageløsning, Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, 2500 Valby, mail: cfk@kfst.dk).


	
If you are a resident of South Korea: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits your rights to bring an action against Under Armour in the local courts of your place of domicile.



16. International Terms

If you are not a United States resident and you are accessing our Services from outside the United States, you agree to transfer certain information outside your location to us, and that you will follow all the laws that apply to you.

We provide our Services for a global community of users. Our servers and operations are, however, located primarily in the United States, and our policies and procedures are based primarily on United States law. Because of this, the following provisions apply specifically to users located outside of the United States: (i) you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information, including but not limited to User-Generated Content and any Personal Data, to and in the United States and/or other countries; (ii) if you are using the Services from a location embargoed by the United States, or are on the United States Treasury Department’s list of “Specially Designated Nationals,” you are not authorized to access or make use of the Services; and (iii) you agree to comply with all local laws, rules, and regulations including, without limitation, all laws, rules, and regulations in effect in the location in which you reside and the location from which you access the Services. The Services are not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or location where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation, or which that would subject Under Armour or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or location.

The names used for countries or regions in these Terms, the Privacy Policy and any associated features or documentation are based on the United Nations Terminology Database.

If you are a resident of the European Union, Hong Kong (SAR of China), Russia, New Zealand or South Korea: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, please note that certain jurisdictions may not allow the waiver or limitation of certain warranties, liabilities or damages under mandatory law, so some of the exclusions and limitations in these Terms may not apply to you. Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our responsibility for (1) fraudulent representations made by us, (2) death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or (3) non-execution of any material contractual obligation.

If you are a resident of New Zealand: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our liability or your rights if you are a consumer for the purposes of the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993, or the Fair Trading Act 1986.

If you are a resident of Germany, France, Austria or Finland: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, the qualifier “to the maximum extent permitted by law” and other qualifiers of similar effect shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms everywhere it appears and shall have no force and effect.

If you are a resident of Japan: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our liability or your rights if you are a consumer for the purposes of the Consumer Contract Act.

If you are a resident of South Korea: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, any modification to these Terms will be announced on the website prior to the effective date thereof; provided if you do not express intent to refuse such modification or change after a reasonable period of time following such announcement, it is deemed that you have consented to such modification or change.
17. Survival

If our relationship or these Terms terminate, it will not limit any of our other rights or remedies, and any provision of these Terms that must survive in order to give proper effect to the intent and purpose of these Terms will survive termination, including without limitation Sections 2 (Ownership and Use of Content), 9 (Physical Activities and Dietary Guidance), 11 (No Warranties), 12 (Limitations of Liability), 13 (Indemnification), 15 (Disputes and Arbitration, Jurisdiction and Venue), and 17 (Survival).
18. Miscellaneous

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of the Terms or your use of the Services. The Terms and any Product-Specific Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to your use of the Services.

Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.

You may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer your account or your obligations under these Terms without our prior written consent. We have the right, in our sole discretion, to transfer or assign all or any part of our rights under these Terms and will have the right to delegate or use third-party contractors to fulfill our duties and obligations under these Terms and in connection with the Services.

Our notice to you via email, regular mail, or notices or links displayed in connection with the Services constitutes acceptable notice to you under the Terms. We are not responsible for your failure to receive notice if email is quarantined by your email security system (e.g., “junk” or “spam” folder) or if you fail to update your email address. Notice will be considered received forty-eight hours after it is sent if transmitted via email or regular mail. In the event that notice is provided via links displayed in connection with the Services, then it will be considered received twenty-four hours after it is first displayed.
19. Contact Us

If you have any feedback, questions or comments about the Services, please contact our Support Team by email, by phone at 1-888-727-6687, or by mail at: Under Armour, 1020 Hull Street, Baltimore, MD 21230 (USA), and include the subject as “Attn: Legal - Terms and Conditions of Use”. Please be sure to include in any email or postal mail your full name, email address, postal address, and any message.


Appendix A: Under Armour Shopping

By shopping with us using Under Armour Shopping, you agree to these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions apply to all offers and agreements in connection with the online sale and delivery of Under Armour apparel, shoes and accessories (“UA Apparel”), but excluding digital products and services (e.g., Premium Memberships), which are expressly addressed in Section 8 of the Terms above. Accordingly, the specific terms and conditions set forth below apply when you order any UA Apparel (i) from underarmour.com, or UA.com, of any of its country extensions; (ii) from any site that is directly connected to UA.com; or (iii) any Under Armour e-commerce or shopping application (collectively, “Under Armour Shopping”).
(a) Account Registration

An account is not required to shop via Under Armour Shopping. To make online shopping faster and easier, however, you may register for an account with us on one of our websites or applications. Please confirm your email address when creating your account as we will use the email address on file to contact you. If you have an account, you will have the ability to track shipments, view past orders, and quickly access your shipping and billing information with a username and password. If you do not want to set up an account, you can still purchase from Under Armour Shopping as a “Guest.”
(b) Online Availability

When shopping, once you’ve selected the item you wish to purchase you can determine what color/size is in stock by first selecting the color (1.Select Color), and then the size (2.Select Size). If the size you want is not listed for the selected color, it is not available. Although Under Armour Shopping is designed to feature “real-time” inventory levels so that only in-stock items are visible and available for purchase, we may experience shortages of stock due to overwhelming popularity of a particular style, color or size, and cannot guarantee that items which appear to be in stock are actually available. If the item you would like to purchase is currently out of stock, we apologize for the inconvenience and encourage you to call our customer service line so that we may help you find a similar product.
© Locating the Style Number

If you are looking for a product’s style number, it is located inside your garment on a small white tag. It will read, for example, FW081100200 or on older styles FW060375. The first four characters reference the season of the style (ex. FW06=Fall/Winter 2006) (although, depending on region, the style number for some products may not include the first four characters) and the last seven (on new styles) or four (on older styles) characters reference the style number. You can search this style number on our Services to find exactly what you are looking for. If no results are found, the style may no longer be manufactured by Under Armour. Please contact our customer service team for assistance in finding a replacement product.
(d) Ordering and Changes to Orders

When you place an order we will send a confirmation email to the address you have provided. If you are using your workplace email address, be aware that many corporations use spam filters to disqualify incoming automated emails, which could hamper delivery of our confirmation email to you or send it to junk mail.

The “confirmation” stage sets out the final details of your order. Following this, we will send you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered. Please note that this email is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from Under Armour. Acceptance of your order and the completion of the contract between us will occur upon our dispatch to you of the products ordered, unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have cancelled it.

Due to the close time frame between order and shipment, it is difficult to make changes once your order has been placed. However, if you contact us within an hour of placing your order and we will attempt to facilitate a change.
(e) Tax

Sales Tax and similar taxes, such as value added tax (“VAT”), are calculated using local and national rates depending on where you are located. Where VAT is applicable, you will be charged at the local rate and it will be included in the product price.
(f) Payment

Under Armour reserves the right to supplement the list of acceptable forms of payment for Under Armour Shopping. We may require credit cards and debit cards to be issued by an institution in the jurisdiction in which you are located, and those forms of payment must be linked to a billing address in the same jurisdiction. For most jurisdictions, you must ensure that the billing address on file with the credit or debit card-issuing bank is the same billing address you enter when ordering. We do not accept personal checks, money orders or cash payments online.

Because Under Armour does not charge for items until they ship, we may use a pre-authorization process to reserve your products for shipment. In order to avoid unnecessary overdraft charges, a method called a “pre-authorization” is often used by banks to verify that the credit/debit card in use is valid and has sufficient funds. Please note that the transaction description will show up on your statement as “UNDER ARMOUR.” Most authorizations expire within five to seven days; however, the issuing bank ultimately determines the length of the authorization. The final credit or debit card charge will only reflect the value of your shipped merchandise plus applicable shipping and taxes. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to call our customer service team.

If you are experiencing problems with payment, please contact our customer service team-a member of our team will be happy to assist you.
(g) Delivery and Shipping

There are some locations that we cannot ship to, and we do not ship to post office boxes, so please confirm that we can deliver to you before placing your order.

The estimated delivery time and shipping costs for each order will be presented at checkout. While we make every effort to deliver goods within the estimated timelines, delays occasionally occur. Under Armour shall not be liable for any delay or failure to deliver goods within estimated timelines.

Under Armour reserves the right to require goods to be signed for by an adult aged 18 years or over upon delivery. It is not always possible for customers in one jurisdiction to purchase from Under Armour Shopping in another jurisdiction. Please visit our local website to see what stock is currently available to you.

You will generally receive a tracking number via email once your package has been shipped. You can also find your tracking number(s) by logging into your account and entering the Order Number from your order confirmation email to track your package. Please allow two to four business days between placing your order and using the tracking tool.

If you tracked your order on our website and received the message that your order is “in transit”, this simply means that your order is being processed for shipment, or that the tracking information has not yet been updated with the shipping carrier. It typically takes two to four business days for the carrier to receive our tracking information.

We strive to ship all items in an order together, but we reserve the right to deliver your products in separate shipments if one or more items are unavailable at the time of initial shipment. In the event that we split your order into more than one shipment, you will not be charged separate shipping costs for each shipment. Further, each shipment will have a confirmation/tracking email. If we experience an issue fulfilling one part of your order, that will not serve as a basis for canceling any of the other items included in that order.

Any orders that are delivered to you will become your property at the time that you receive them, provided that Under Armour has received full payment for the order.
(h) Cancellations, Exchanges and Refunds

The cancellation, exchange and refund policies and procedures that apply to your order may vary depending on where you are accessing Under Armour Shopping. For additional information about the policies that apply to a particular order, please review the policies listed in the Customer Service and Additional E-Commerce Terms section of the local website that you used to place the order.
(i) Conflicts of Terms; Governing Law

To the extent these Under Armour Shopping terms are inconsistent with the Terms, these Under Armour Shopping terms will supersede and prevail with respect to your Under Armour Shopping orders and use of Under Armour Shopping. To the extent these Under Armour Shopping terms are inconsistent with the terms of the local website used to place your order, the terms of the local website will supersede and prevail with respect to your Under Armour Shopping orders and use of Under Armour Shopping.

If you are a resident of Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, or Hong Kong The ecommerce sites www.underarmour.co.id, www.underarmour.com.my, www.underarmour.com.ph, www.underarmour.com.sg, and www.underarmour.hk are operated by UA Sports (S.E.A.) Pte. Ltd., Suntec Tower One, #25-01, 7 Temasek Boulevard, 038987, Singapore, Company Registration No.: 201331463M. UA Sports (S.E.A.) Pte. Ltd. is an Affiliate of Under Armour, Inc., and operates the on-line brand stores of Under Armour in Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore and Hong Kong.

If you are a resident of South Korea: The Under Armour contracting party for Under Armour Shopping is Under Amour Korea, Ltd. You must be at least 14 to use Under Armour Shopping. If you are between the ages of 14 and 18, you or your legal representative may cancel the applicable sales contract created pursuant to Under Amour Shopping if your legal representative has not consented to such sales contract.

If you are a resident of Japan:

    You must be at least 20, or obtain your parent’s consent if you are 19 or younger, to use Under Armour Shopping.

    For Japanese users shopping on http://www.underarmour.co.jp, only those terms and conditions that are valid under Japanese law will apply, together with any different or additional terms and conditions which are required under Japanese Law.

    Certain of the e-commerce terms and conditions set forth in this Appendix A: UA Shopping do not pertain to Japanese users who purchase UA Apparel from our Japanese distributor Dome Corporation at http://www.underarmour.co.jp and the e-commerce terms and conditions set forth in the Dome User Guide will apply.

    In the case of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Appendix A: UA Shopping and the Dome User Guide, the Dome User Guide will supersede and prevail over the conflicting or inconsistent terms and conditions in Appendix A: UA Shopping.

    With regard to Appendix A(a), a registration of an account is a prerequisite for a purchase.

    With regard to Appendix A©, style number used in products to be distributed in Japan may be different.

    Any inquiries should be made to Dome Customer Center.

    Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our liability or your rights if you are a consumer for the purposes of the Consumer Contract Act.

If you are a resident of Turkey: Certain of the e-commerce terms and conditions set forth in this Appendix A: UA Shopping do not pertain to Turkish residents who purchase UA Apparel from our Turkish distributor DOĞUŞ PERAKENDE (Doğuş Perakende Satış Giyim ve Aksesuar Tic. A.Ş.) at http://www.underarmour.com.tr.

    For Turkish users shopping on http://www.underarmour.com.tr, only those terms and conditions agreed to by such users that are valid under Turkish law will apply.

    In the case of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of Appendix A: UA Shopping and the terms and conditions of the Transaction Guide, the Distance Agreement, or the Pre-Information Form, the terms and conditions of the Transaction Guide, the Distance Agreement, or the Pre-Information Form (as the case may be) will supersede and prevail over the conflicting or inconsistent terms and conditions in Appendix A: UA Shopping.

    We will send you an order acknowledgment that details the UA Apparel that you have ordered after you have completed your purchase.

    You may maintain a different billing address on file for the credit card issuing bank than the billing address you enter when you place an order on http://www.underarmour.com.tr.

    If we cannot ship the UA Apparel to your location, we will inform you by email that shipment to your location is not possible.

    Per the Distance Agreement, the delivery of your UA Apparel will be made within thirty (30) days.

    Per the Transaction Guide, Distance Agreement and Pre-Information Form, you have fourteen (14) days to cancel a Distance Agreement and avoid any penalty.

    We will not change the goods advertised or offered for sale, the prices or specifications of any such goods and any promotional offers in connection with any already completed purchases and/or in process transactions on http://www.underarmour.com.tr.



If you are a resident of Canada: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms or the specific terms and conditions set forth in this Appendix A, with respect to any purchase of UA Apparel using a Visa credit card at Under Armour’s Canada website, any dispute pertaining to such purchase, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Canadian law, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

If you are a resident of Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Hong Kong or Indonesia: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms or the specific terms and conditions set forth in this Appendix A, with respect to any purchase of UA Apparel using a Visa or MasterCard credit card at Under Armour’s Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Hong Kong or Indonesia websites, any dispute pertaining to such purchase, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Singapore law, without regard to its conflict of law principles.


If you are a resident of Thailand:

    The ecommerce sites www.underarmour.co.th is operated by UA Sports (Thailand) CO., Ltd, 21 Sukhumvit Soi 47, Kongton-Nua, Sub District Wattana District, Bangkok 10110, Thailand. UA Sports (Thailand) Co., Ltd. is an affiliate of Under Armour, Inc., and operates the on-line brand stores of Under Armour in Thailand.

    You must be at least 20 years of age to use Under Armour Shopping. Otherwise, a consent from your legal representative is required.

    Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits your rights to bring an action against Under Armour in the local court of jurisdiction in Thailand.

    Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our responsibility for (1) fraudulent representations made by us, (2) death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or (3) non-execution of any material contractual obligation, or (4) violation of the law related to the public order or the good moral of the Thai people.

    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms or the specific terms and conditions set forth in this Appendix A, with respect to any purchase of UA Apparel using a Visa or MasterCard credit card at Under Armour’s Thailand websites, any dispute pertaining to such purchase, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Singapore law, without regard to its conflict of law principles. However, the agreement for the Singapore law as the governing law will be recognized by a Thai court only to the extent that the Singapore law is not contrary to the public order or the good moral of the Thai people.


(j) Product Descriptions and Pricing

Under Armour Shopping aims to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions, photographs, videos or other product related content on Under Armour Shopping are wholly accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Under Armour is not as described, your only remedy is to return it in unused condition for a refund.

Despite our best efforts, a small number of items may be mispriced. If the correct price of an item sold by Under Armour is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. The prices displayed on Under Armour Shopping may be quoted in local currencies.
(k) Changes

Please note that, subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to change the goods advertised or offered for sale through Under Armour Shopping, the prices or specifications of any such goods and any promotional offers and any content available on Under Armour Shopping at any time and from time to time without any notice or liability to you or any other person.

Effective Date: August 28, 2017 - What’s new »
Welcome to Evernote! We invite you to access our websites and use the Evernote service, but please note that your invitation is subject to your agreement with these Terms of Service. This document describes in detail your rights and our rights relating to the provision of the Service (as defined below), so please review these Terms carefully.
What Are the Terms of Service?
The Terms of Service constitutes a contract between Evernote and you. The Terms include the provisions set forth in this document and in the Evernote Privacy Policy, Commercial Terms, Evernote Busines­­s Agreement, User Guidelines, IP Compliance Program and other terms or conditions that may be presented by us and accepted by you from time to time in connection with specific Service offerings (all of which we collectively refer to as the “Terms of Service” or “Terms”). If you do not agree to these Terms, you do not have the right to access or use our Service. If you do register for or otherwise use our Service you shall be deemed to confirm your acceptance of the Terms and your agreement to be a party to this binding contract. 
By using the Service, you acknowledge, accept and agree with all provisions of the Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, the use and treatment of the text, images, and other data you choose to input, upload, or store in Evernote (collectively, “Content”) and your personal information in accordance with such Privacy Policy.
What Is the Evernote Service?
The Evernote Software (as defined below), the Evernote service, and other products, services and websites hosted or made available by Evernote, including, for example our App Center, User Forum, and Help & Learning pages are collectively referred to in these Terms as the “Service”. In exchange for being enabled to use the Service, you agree to abide by these Terms.´
If This Is a Contract, Who Are the Parties?
You, the Account Holder, are one party to this contract. (An Account Holder is the person or entity who has contracted with Evernote as either an individual Basic, Plus, or Premium user or as a Customer as defined in our Evernote Business Agreement.) 
If you reside in the United States or Canada, then the other party to this contract is Evernote Corporation, a corporation headquartered in California. If you reside in Brazil, then the other party to this contract is Evernote do Brasil Serviços de Aplicações Ltda., a company headquartered in the city of São Paulo, State of Sao Paolo, Brazil (“Evernote Brasil”). If you reside outside of the United States, Canada and Brazil, then the other party to this contract is Evernote GmbH, a company headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland. (Evernote Corporation, Evernote GmbH and Evernote Brasil, as applicable, may be referred to in these Terms of Service as “Evernote,” “we” and sometimes “us”).
On some occasions, you may be purchasing products or service subscriptions from an authorized reseller. Please review our Commercial Terms for information about additional contract terms relating to such purchases.
Is This the Only Contract I Have with Evernote?
It depends upon how you interact with the Evernote service and our software applications. If you install any Evernote Software on your computing devices, you may be asked to agree to an end user license agreement. If you pay for an Evernote subscription, you will be asked to agree to the Commercial Terms. If you use related Evernote products or services (such as Evernote Business) or participate in our User Forum, you may also need to enter into a separate agreement with us (usually by clicking “accept” or “agree”). We refer to each of these as a “Separate Agreement.” If that happens, the Separate Agreement shall take precedence if there is a conflict between those terms and this Terms of Service document, to the extent of such conflict and with respect to the particular subject matter of that Separate Agreement.
Will These Terms of Service Ever Change?
These Terms may be amended as new features, technology, or legal requirements arise, so please check back from time to time. If we make a significant change, we’ll notify you and, where required, seek your consent.
If we do update these Terms, you are free to decide whether to accept the updated terms or to stop using our Service (see “How is My Account Closed” below); your continued use of the Service after the effectiveness of that update will be deemed to represent your agreement with, and consent to be bound by, the new Terms. Except for changes made by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms shall be effective unless set forth in a written agreement expressly amending these Terms and bearing a written signature by you and us. For clarity, email or other communications will not constitute an effective written agreement for this purpose.
What Do I Have to do to Use the Evernote Service?
First, you need to create an Evernote service account. You create an account by providing us with an email address and creating a password. (Some older accounts also required a username.) We refer to this as your “Basic Subscriber Information”. We encourage you to use a distinct and non-obvious password that is different from passwords you use for any other service. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy, completeness and confidentiality of your Basic Subscriber Information, and you will be responsible for all activities that occur under your account, including activities of others to whom you have provided your Basic Subscriber  Information. We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to provide us with accurate information or to keep your Basic Subscriber Information secure. If you discover any unauthorized use of your Basic Subscriber Information or suspect that anyone may be able to access your private Content without authorization, you should immediately change your password and notify our Customer Support team.
Second, you will need to access your account through a web browser or by installing our client software on your computers, tablets and phones. Obtaining those devices and paying for their connectivity and data plans is your responsibility. Evernote also has no responsibility for the availability of the Internet and other telecommunication services necessary to access the Service.
Can I Share My Account with Someone Else?
Evernote service accounts should not be shared. If you share your Basic Subscriber Information with anyone, that other person may be able to take control of the account, and we may not be able to determine who is the proper Account Holder. We will not have any liability to you (or anyone you share your Basic Subscriber Information with) as a result of your or their actions under those circumstances. Since you may use a free Evernote service account, and since we provide a number of mechanisms to allow you to share your account Content with others, we strongly urge you not to share your information with anyone, unless you are doing so as part of your estate planning purposes, as discussed below.
Once I Have an Account, What Are My Rights in the Evernote Service?
Once your account is created and you accept these Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use the Service subject to these Terms, for so long as you are not barred from receiving the Service under the laws applicable to you, until you close your account voluntarily or until we close your account pursuant to these Terms. In addition, we grant you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the Evernote Software provided to you by or on behalf of Evernote, for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Evernote Software and enjoy the benefit of the Service, subject to any applicable license terms provided with the Evernote Software and these Terms, until your rights are terminated in accordance with such license and/or these Terms. You do not obtain any other right or interest in Evernote or the Service.
Evernote’s Data Protection Laws Say My Data Is Mine – What Does That Mean?
You retain copyright and any other rights you already held in your Content before you submitted, posted or displayed it on or through the Service. But you do have to grant Evernote a limited license, as described below, so we can make your data accessible and usable on the Service. Other than this limited license and other rights you grant in these Terms, Evernote acknowledges and agrees that we do not obtain any right, title or interest from you under these Terms in any of your Content.
What Is the License I Have to Grant to Evernote?
In order to enable Evernote to operate the Service, we must obtain from you certain limited license rights to process your Content that is covered by intellectual property rights so that technical actions we take in operating the Service are not considered legal violations. For example, copyright laws could prevent us from processing, maintaining, storing, backing-up and distributing certain Content, unless you give us these rights. Accordingly, by using the Service and uploading Content, you are granting Evernote a license to display, perform and distribute your Content and to modify (for technical purposes, e.g., making sure content is viewable on smartphones as well as computers and other devices) and reproduce such Content to enable Evernote to operate the Service. You also agree that Evernote has the right to elect not to accept, post, store, display, publish or transmit any Content in our sole discretion. 
You agree that these rights and licenses are royalty free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide and irrevocable (for so long as your Content is stored with us), and include a right for Evernote to make such Content available to, and pass these rights along to, others with whom Evernote has contractual relationships related to the provision of the Service, solely for the purpose of providing such services, and to otherwise permit access to or disclose your Content to third parties if Evernote determines such access is necessary to comply with its legal obligations.
If you elect to use any third party service or application that is integrated with Evernote, you also agree that the licenses granted to Evernote in the preceding paragraph shall apply to Content that is submitted or uploaded through such third party service or application. If the third party service or application you elect to use would access or extract Content, you grant Evernote the right and license to enable third party access to and extraction of your Content. Evernote does not assume any responsibility for, or liability on account of, the actions or omissions of such third party applications or service providers.
As we rely upon your rights to upload and distribute your Content, you represent and warrant to Evernote that (1) you have the unfettered legal rights and authority to submit your Content to Evernote, to make any other use, publication or other distribution of that Content in your use of the Service, and to grant the rights granted to Evernote under these Terms; and (2) your Content complies with our User Guidelines and these Terms.
Finally, you understand and agree that Evernote, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Service to our users, may make such changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services or media. 
What Other Assurances Do I Have to Grant to Evernote?
When you use the Evernote service to send messages to an email address, to a telephone number via SMS, or through a social media account (e.g., Facebook or LinkedIn) that has not been linked to an Evernote account, Evernote sends such messages on your behalf, and we are relying on your representation to us that you have a direct relationship with the recipient(s) and that you are respecting the legal rights of the recipient(s) not to receive certain kinds of messages (such as harassing messages, unsolicited commercial messages, and unwanted SMS messages). Whenever you send any kind of message to a third party you represent and warrant to Evernote that you are acting within the law and that you have prior consent from the recipient to send them such a message.
Are There Rules about What I Can Do on the Evernote Service?
Yes. Your use of the Service must be in accordance with these Terms. When it comes to your use of the Service, you agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and all conduct under your account. This means all Content created, transmitted, stored or displayed in your account, is your sole responsibility as the person who created the Content or introduced it into the Service. This applies whether the Content is kept private, shared or transmitted using the Service or any third-party application or services integrated with the Evernote service. Our User Guidelines provide more specific details regarding prohibited conduct on the Service. If we find that any shared Content in your account violates our Terms of Service (including by violating another person’s intellectual property or privacy rights), we reserve the right to un-share or take down such content.
I’m Guessing Evernote Has Some Rights Relating to the Service?
We do. They’re described here:
CONTENT RIGHTS.
While you own the Content you store within the Evernote service (subject to third party rights), you acknowledge and agree that Evernote (and our licensors) own(s) all legal right, title and interest in and to the Service, including, without limitation, all software that is part of the Service and all Evernote software deployed by you or a third party to enable capturing of Content originating outside the Service, such as Evernote Scannable, Evernote Web Clipper, the Site Memory widget or any of the Evernote software applications for compatible computing devices that enable access and use of the Service through such device (the “Evernote Software”).
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
In agreeing to these Terms, you also agree that the rights in the Service and Evernote Software, including all intellectual property rights, such as trademarks, patents, designs and copyrights, are protected by one or more of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, regulations and treaties, in addition to these Terms and any Separate Agreement. In particular, you agree to not modify, create derivative works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract source code from any Evernote Software, unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license, we give you express written permission or you are otherwise legally permitted to do so notwithstanding this prohibition. 
RIGHT TO MODIFY THE SERVICE.
We retain the right, in our sole discretion, to implement new elements as part of and/or ancillary to the Service, including changes that may affect the previous mode of operation of the Service or Evernote Software. We expect that any such modifications will enhance the overall Service, but it is possible that you may not agree with us. We also reserve the right to establish limits to the nature or size of storage available to you, the number of transmissions, the ability to send or receive email messages, the nature or size of any index or library information, the nature of, or your continued ability to access or distribute, your Content and other data, and impose other limitations at any time, with or without notice. For example, if you use Evernote Basic, you will not enjoy all of the benefits provided to subscribers of Evernote Plus, Evernote Premium or Evernote Business.
You also acknowledge that a variety of Evernote actions may impair or prevent you from accessing your Content or using the Service at certain times and/or in the same way, for limited periods or permanently, and agree that Evernote has no responsibility or liability as a result of any such actions or results, including, without limitation, for the deletion of, or failure to make available to you, any Content. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any part of the Service. However, if you are a subscriber for Evernote Plus, Evernote Premium, Evernote Business or another paid version of the Service (each a “Paid Service”) and find that any such modifications or interruption of the Paid Service adversely affects you, you may notify our Customer Support team, explain the adverse impact the modification has created and, if you desire, request a termination of your Paid Service. Upon receipt of any such request, we will endeavor to promptly remedy the adverse impact caused by the modification, extend the duration of your Paid Service subscription for a period of time equal to the interruption and/or refund a portion of your Paid Service subscription fee equal to the remaining unused term of the Paid Service subscription, as we determine appropriate or as may be required by applicable law.
RIGHT TO ENGAGE THIRD PARTIES.
Evernote engages certain affiliates or other third parties (“Service Providers”) to provide technical or other services relating to all or part of the Service, and you hereby agree that such involvement by these Service Providers is acceptable. In addition, Evernote may contract with third party resellers of the Evernote Plus, Premium or Business versions of the Service and payment processors to enable payments in your local currency and payment systems. Please see our Privacy Policy to understand the extent to which any affiliate or third party may have access to your account information or Content and our Commercial Terms to understand our relationship with any reseller or payment processor. 
RIGHT TO USE THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE.
Evernote may from time to time include as part of the Service and Evernote Software computer software supplied by third parties which is utilized by permission of the respective licensors and/or copyright holders on the terms provided by such parties. We provide information about some of this third party software here and within the particular Evernote Software. Evernote expressly disclaims any warranty or other assurance to you regarding such third party software. 
RIGHT TO UPDATE OUR SOFTWARE.
In connection with any modification of the Service, Evernote may automatically download software updates on your computers and devices from time to time with the intention of improving, enhancing, repairing and/or further developing the Service. Evernote will endeavor to provide you with the option of whether or not to install the update; however, in certain circumstances (e.g., security risks), Evernote may require you to install the update to continue accessing the Service. In all cases, you agree to permit Evernote to deliver these updates to you (and you to receive them) as part of your use of the Service.
Do These Terms Apply to Evernote Business Users?
If you are using the Service as part of an Evernote Business account, your use of the Service is governed by these Terms, except to the extent the Separate Agreement governing the Evernote Business account provides conflicting terms. The Customer who has contracted with Evernote and the Administrator of the Evernote Business account (as “Customer” and “Administrator” are defined in the applicable Evernote Business Agreement) have the responsibility to and agree to share the terms of such Separate Agreement with each individual whose user account is linked to that Evernote Business account (“End User”).
If you are an End User of an Evernote Business account, please note that the Customer of your Evernote Business account (such as your employer or organization) may have established its own rules regarding End Users’ access, use, disclosure, or retention of data stored in that account. You can find more information on how your personal Evernote service account works with your Evernote Business account in our Privacy Policy and in this Help and Learning article.
How Does Evernote Respond to Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Violations?
We respond to clear and complete notices of alleged infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws that satisfy the requirements in these Terms (which we believe to comply with the United States Digital Millennium Copyright and other applicable laws). If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated, please notify our Compliance team according to the instructions provided by our IP Rights Compliance Program and we will investigate. Note that each owner of intellectual property is responsible for protecting their rights and taking any legal or other action they determine to be appropriate to do so, and Evernote does not accept any obligation to take any particular action to enforce or protect any party’s intellectual property rights on their behalf.
Can Kids Use Evernote?
Evernote is not directed to minors, and any use by minors should only be done with the guidance, supervision and consent of their parents, guardians and/or authorized school officials. Further, we rely on parents and guardians to ensure minors only use the Service if they can understand their rights and responsibilities as stated in these Terms and our Privacy Policy. 
Consistent with applicable law, Evernote does not knowingly collect personal information from minors without parental consent. If we learn that we have inadvertently obtained information in violation of applicable laws prohibiting collection of information from children without such consent, we will promptly delete it. 
Where Does My Data Go?
The Service is available worldwide, but your data is stored in the United States, as described in our Privacy Policy. If you use the Service, you acknowledge that you may be sending electronic communications (including your Basic Subscriber Information and Content), through computer networks owned by Evernote, its Service Providers, and other third parties located in California and other locations in the United States and other countries. As a result, your use of the Service will likely result in interstate and possibly international data transmissions, and your use of the Service shall constitute your consent to permit such transmissions.
How is My Account Closed?
You may deactivate your account with our Service at any time, for any reason (or no reason). However, if you want to deactivate your account you need to take certain specific steps, which are described in our Help & Learning article entitled “How do I deactivate my account?”. If you subscribe to a Paid Service, you will need to cancel your subscription pursuant to our Commercial Terms. 
Evernote may act to temporarily limit your use of the Service, suspend access to your account, or close your account, with or without notice according to these Terms. Reasons for Evernote suspending or closing your account may include, without limitation: (i) breach or violation of these Terms (including the User Guidelines) or any Separate Agreement, (ii) an extended period of inactivity (determined in Evernote’s sole discretion), (iii) your nonpayment of any fees or other sums due Evernote or any other party related to your use of the Service, (iv) the discontinuance or material modification of the Service (or any part thereof) or (v) unexpected technical or security issues or problems or extensive Unsupported Use.
In most cases, in the event we elect to close your account, we will provide at least 30 days advance notice to you at the email address you have provided to us, so you have a chance to retrieve any Content stored on the Service servers (unless we determine that we are legally prohibited from providing such notice or enabling you to do so). After the expiration of this notice period, you will no longer be able to retrieve Content contained in that account or otherwise use the Service through that account.
What Happens to My Account when I Die?
Evernote’s pledge to protect the privacy of your Content will continue, even after your death or incapacity. If you wish to enable someone to have access to your Content or other data in your account after you are no longer able to provide them access, you need to implement a process for providing your information to them. We will not provide your information, or your Content, to anyone, even next of kin, unless we determine that we are legally obligated to do so. We encourage you to include your Basic Subscriber information, with instructions on how to access your Content, in your will or other estate plans, so that anyone you wish to have access to your account will have the means to do so. Please see our Commercial Terms for information on terminating payment for Paid Services upon death or incapacity. 
If I Have a Great Idea to Share with Evernote, What Are My Rights?
When you submit any ideas, suggestions, documents and/or proposals relating to the Service (or other products or services) to Evernote through the “Contact Us,” User Forum or Support interfaces or through any other channel or mechanism (collectively, “Contributions”), you acknowledge and agree that: (i) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information; (ii) Evernote is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Contributions; (iii) Evernote shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way; (iv) Evernote may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development; (v) your Contributions automatically become the property of Evernote without any obligation of Evernote to you; and (vi) you are not entitled to any accounting, compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Evernote under any circumstances.
Does Evernote Serve Ads?
Our business model is to make the Service so valuable that our users will want to subscribe to a Paid Service. However, we may display advertisements and promotions on or in connection with the Service, some of which may be paid for by third parties. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Information page. 
Some advertising or other messaging content we provide will be based upon information provided by third parties, and we shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of any advertisements or other messages. Furthermore, your interactions with advertisers found on or through the Service, including, without limitation, all reliance upon advertising, all commercial transactions and legal obligations associated therewith, are solely between you and such advertisers.
What Else Do I Need to Know?
THIRD-PARTY LINKS, CONTENT AND PROGRAMMING.
We may include or recommend third party resources, materials and developers and/or links to third party websites, content and applications as part of, or in connection with, the Service. We may have little or no control over such sites or developers and, accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that (i) we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites, content or applications; (ii) we are not responsible or liable for any content or other materials or performance available from such sites or applications and (iii) we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, materials or applications.
INDEMNITY.
You agree to indemnify and hold Evernote, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, Service Providers and other partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising from or in any way related to any third party claims relating to your use of any of the Service, any violation of these Terms of Service or any other actions connected with your use of the Service (including all actions taken under your account). In the event of such claim, we will endeavor to provide notice of the claim, suit or action to the contact information we have for the account, provided that any failure to deliver such notice to you shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligation hereunder.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Service Is Available “As Is.” YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: 
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE PURCHASE AND USE OF ANY SERVICES ARE ALL AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EVERNOTE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
EVERNOTE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; OR (iii) ALL ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM EVERNOTE OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT EVERNOTE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND LICENSORS, AND OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND SUCCESSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, COVER OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF EVERNOTE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR TO USE PROMOTIONAL CODES OR EVERNOTE POINTS; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICE PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR THE LOSS, CORRUPTION OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, CONTENT OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON OR USING THE SERVICE, OR PROVIDING ANY SERVICES RELATED TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE; (v) EVERNOTE’S ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS IN RELIANCE UPON YOUR BASIC SUBSCRIBER INFORMATION AND ANY CHANGES THERETO OR NOTICES RECEIVED THEREFROM; (vi) YOUR FAILURE TO PROTECT THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY PASSWORDS OR ACCESS RIGHTS TO YOUR ACCOUNT; (vii) THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY USING OR INTEGRATING WITH THE SERVICE; (viii) ANY ADVERTISING CONTENT OR YOUR PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY ADVERTISED OR OTHER THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE; (ix) THE TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE; OR (x) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (INCLUDING THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY PROVISIONS) IS INTENDED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT ANY CONDITION, WARRANTY, RIGHT OR LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY WILLFUL ACTS, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THOSE LIABILITY AND OTHER LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION (IF ANY) WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
If Evernote Has to Send Me Notice of Something, How Will That Happen?
This is another reason why it’s important for you to make sure your Basic Subscriber Information is accurate, complete and up to date. We may provide you with notices by email (to the email address associated with your account), regular mail or postings on the website(s) related to the affected Service.
How Can I Send a Notice to Evernote?
Except where these Terms or any Separate Agreement specifically provide for use of a different means or address for notice, any notice to Evernote must be delivered by email to compliance@evernote.com. This email address may be updated as part of any update to these Terms of Service. If you are unable to deliver notice via email, you may send a notice to us at the following address (as applicable to your Service provider): 
Evernote Corporation
305 Walnut Street
Redwood City, California 94063 USA
Attention: Legal Notice
 Evernote GmbH
Walchestrasse 9
8006 Zurich, Switzerland
Attention: Legal Notice
 Evernote Do Brasil Serviços De
Aplicações Ltda
Federal Taxpayer Registration CNPJ/MF no 17.566.240/0001-50
Avenida Paulista, no 2.300
Andar Pilotis
Edifício São Luiz Gonzaga
CEP: 01310-300, São Paulo/SP
Attention: Legal Notice
Are There Countries Where I’m Not Allowed to Use Evernote?
You may not use or otherwise export the Service or any Evernote Software except as authorized by United States (“U.S.”) law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Service is hosted or where you use the Service. In particular, but without limitation, the Evernote Software may not be (i) exported or re-exported into any countries that are subject to U.S. economic sanctions or (ii) provided to or used by anyone on the U.S. Department of the Treasury's lists of Foreign Sanctions Evaders or Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons, Unverified, or Entity lists. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list, and shall not use the Service, or provide access to or use of the Service to anyone, in any such country. In addition, you are responsible for compliance with applicable export control, economic sanctions and related laws when you travel across international borders and access your Content.
What Law Applies to My Use of Evernote?
If you are a resident of the United States or Canada, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California, United States of America, as they apply to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 
If you reside in Brazil, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Brazil and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in Brazil, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
 If you reside outside of the United States, Canada, and Brazil, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Switzerland and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in Switzerland, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.
What Do I Do If I Think I Have a Claim Against Evernote?
LET US KNOW ABOUT YOUR COMPLAINT.
We want to know if you have a problem so we encourage you to contact our Customer Support team if you have any concerns with respect to the operation of the Service or any Evernote Software, as we want to ensure that you have an excellent experience. 
INITIATING A FORMAL CLAIM.
If you conclude that we have not satisfied your concern and that you must pursue legal action, you agree that your claim must be resolved by the processes set forth in these Terms. Evernote provides the Service to you on the condition that you accept the dispute resolution provisions described below, so if you initiate any claim against Evernote in any other manner, you shall be in violation of these Terms and you agree that Evernote shall be entitled to have such action dismissed or otherwise terminated and you agree to reimburse Evernote for its reasonable costs incurred in defending against such improperly initiated claim. You agree that prior to initiating any formal proceedings against Evernote, you will send us a notice to our attorneys at legalnotice@evernote.com and state that you are providing a “Notice of Dispute.” Upon receipt of a Notice of Dispute, you and we shall attempt to resolve the dispute through informal negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent. If the dispute remains unresolved, either you or we may initiate formal proceedings according to these Terms. 
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you are a resident of the United States or Canada, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in San Mateo County, California. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within San Mateo County, California (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you reside in Brazil, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by the courts in São Paolo-SP, Brasil. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within São Paolo-SP, Brasil (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. 
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you are not a resident of the United States, Canada, or Brazil, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by the courts in Zurich, Switzerland. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Zurich, Switzerland (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS.
Unless you are subject to the Arbitration Agreement set out below, and subject to any applicable laws, if a claim arises between you and Evernote where the total value of such claim is less than US$10,000, the party initiating the claim may elect to have the dispute resolved pursuant to a binding arbitration process that does not require attendance in person. This “Alternative Dispute Resolution Process” shall be initiated by either party sending notice to the other, in which event you and Evernote agree to use our reasonable efforts to agree within thirty (30) days upon an individual or service to manage the Alternative Dispute Resolution Process (the “Arbitration Manager”) according to the following requirements: (i) neither party shall be required to attend any proceeding in person, (ii) the proceeding will be conducted via written submissions, telephone or online communications or as otherwise agreed upon, (iii) the fees for the Arbitration Manager will be borne equally by the parties or be submitted to the Arbitration Manager to determine as part of the dispute and (iv) the judgment rendered by the Arbitration Manager may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction for enforcement. 
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU), please note that we offer this Alternative Dispute Resolution Process, but we cannot offer you the European Commission Dispute Platform as we do not have an establishment in the EU.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
If you reside in the United States or are otherwise subject to the US Federal Arbitration Act, you and Evernote agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between us - except any dispute relating to the enforcement or validity of your, our or either of our licensors’ intellectual property rights - shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement. (Note that if you were a Service user prior to December 4, 2012 and formally elected to opt out of the Arbitration Agreement pursuant to the procedures set out in our Terms of Service that were effective as of December 4, 2012, you are not subject to this Arbitration Agreement.)
Our arbitration proceedings would be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures applicable at that time, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (to the extent applicable), as modified by our Arbitration Agreement. You may review those rules and procedures, and obtain a form for initiating arbitration proceedings at the AAA's website. The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is US$10,000 or less, either of us may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on us subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone by you and/or us, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of California, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Evernote users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same user to the extent required by applicable law. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court possessing jurisdiction over the parties, except for a limited right of appeal under the Federal Arbitration Act.
The AAA rules will govern the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees, unless our Arbitration Agreement expressly provides otherwise. If the amount of any claim in an arbitration is US$10,000 or less, Evernote will pay all filing, administration and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration, so long as (i) you make a written request for such payment of fees and submit it to the AAA with your Demand for Arbitration and (ii) your claim is not determined by the arbitrator to be frivolous. In such case, we will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA. If the amount of the claim exceeds US$10,000 and you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Evernote will pay as much of the filing, administration and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive. If the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration are frivolous, you agree to reimburse Evernote for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by Evernote on your behalf, which you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.
YOU AND EVERNOTE AGREE, AS PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS PART OF ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. WE REFER TO THIS AS THE “PROHIBITION OF CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS.” UNLESS BOTH YOU AND WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN YOUR OR OUR CLAIM WITH ANOTHER PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING. THE ARBITRATOR MAY ONLY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER EVERNOTE USERS.
Except with respect to the Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions, if a court decides that any part of this Arbitration Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to apply. If a court decides that the Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions is invalid or unenforceable, then this entire Arbitration Agreement shall be null and void. The remainder of these Terms and this Section (What Do I Do if I think I Have A Claim Against Evernote?) will continue to apply.
CLAIMS ARE TIME-BARRED.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary or the applicable dispute resolution process, any claim or cause of action you may have arising out of or related to use of the Service or otherwise under these must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or you hereby agree to be forever barred from bringing such claim.
The provisions of this section, entitled “Claims Are Time-Barred” shall be deemed to constitute a separate written legally binding agreement by and between you and us.
SPECIAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA USERS.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users of the Service from California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. You may contact us via email at legalnotice@evernote.com or at:
Evernote Corporation
305 Walnut Street
Redwood City, California 94063 USA
Attention: Legal Notice
Anything Else?
A couple of final, but important, points. First, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Evernote and govern your use of the Service, except for, and then only to the extent that you have entered into a Separate Agreement. These Terms supersede any prior agreements or earlier versions of these Terms between you and Evernote for the use of the Service as of the Effective Date indicated at the top of these Terms. If, through accessing or using the Service, you utilize or obtain any product or service from a third party, you may additionally be subject to such third party’s terms and conditions applicable thereto, and these Terms shall not affect your legal relationship with such third party.
Second, you acknowledge and agree that each affiliate of Evernote shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of these Terms which confers a benefit on (or provides rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms. 
Finally, the section headings in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/plain_text_terms

Terms of Service
Welcome to Facebook!
For messaging, voice and video calling services included in Facebook Products, please click here for a contract summary and here for other information required by the European Electronic Communications Code.
Facebook builds technologies and services that enable people to connect with each other, build communities, and grow businesses. These Terms govern your use of Facebook, Messenger, and the other products, features, apps, services, technologies, and software we offer (the Facebook Products or Products), except where we expressly state that separate terms (and not these) apply. These Products are provided to you by Facebook Ireland Limited.
We don’t charge you to use Facebook or the other products and services covered by these Terms. Instead, businesses and organizations pay us to show you ads for their products and services. By using our Products, you agree that we can show you ads that we think will be relevant to you and your interests. We use your personal data to help determine which ads to show you.
We don’t sell your personal data to advertisers, and we don’t share information that directly identifies you (such as your name, email address or other contact information) with advertisers unless you give us specific permission. Instead, advertisers can tell us things like the kind of audience they want to see their ads, and we show those ads to people who may be interested. We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads that help them understand how people are interacting with their content. See Section 2 below to learn more.
Our Data Policy explains how we collect and use your personal data to determine some of the ads you see and provide all of the other services described below. You can also go to your settings at any time to review the privacy choices you have about how we use your data.

1. The services we provide
Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. To help advance this mission, we provide the Products and services described below to you:

    Provide a personalized experience for you: Your experience on Facebook is unlike anyone else's: from the posts, stories, events, ads, and other content you see in News Feed or our video platform to the Pages you follow and other features you might use, such as Trending, Marketplace, and search. We use the data we have - for example, about the connections you make, the choices and settings you select, and what you share and do on and off our Products - to personalize your experience.
    Connect you with people and organizations you care about: We help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations, and others that matter to you across the Facebook Products you use. We use the data we have to make suggestions for you and others - for example, groups to join, events to attend, Pages to follow or send a message to, shows to watch, and people you may want to become friends with. Stronger ties make for better communities, and we believe our services are most useful when people are connected to people, groups, and organizations they care about.

    Empower you to express yourself and communicate about what matters to you: There are many ways to express yourself on Facebook and to communicate with friends, family, and others about what matters to you - for example, sharing status updates, photos, videos, and stories across the Facebook Products you use, sending messages to a friend or several people, creating events or groups, or adding content to your profile. We have also developed, and continue to explore, new ways for people to use technology, such as augmented reality and 360 video to create and share more expressive and engaging content on Facebook.

    Help you discover content, products, and services that may interest you: We show you ads, offers, and other sponsored content to help you discover content, products, and services that are offered by the many businesses and organizations that use Facebook and other Facebook Products. Section 2 below explains this in more detail.
    
    Combat harmful conduct and protect and support our community: People will only build community on Facebook if they feel safe. We employ dedicated teams around the world and develop advanced technical systems to detect misuse of our Products, harmful conduct towards others, and situations where we may be able to help support or protect our community. If we learn of content or conduct like this, we will take appropriate action - for example, offering help, removing content, blocking access to certain features, disabling an account, or contacting law enforcement. We share data with other Facebook Companies when we detect misuse or harmful conduct by someone using one of our Products.

    Use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services for everyone: We use and develop advanced technologies - such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems, and augmented reality - so that people can use our Products safely regardless of physical ability or geographic location. For example, technology like this helps people who have visual impairments understand what or who is in photos or videos shared on Facebook or Instagram. We also build sophisticated network and communication technology to help more people connect to the internet in areas with limited access. And we develop automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive and dangerous activity that may harm our community and the integrity of our Products.

    Research ways to make our services better: We engage in research to develop, test, and improve our Products. This includes analyzing the data we have about our users and understanding how people use our Products, for example by conducting surveys and testing and troubleshooting new features. Our Data Policy explains how we use data to support this research for the purposes of developing and improving our services.

    Provide consistent and seamless experiences across the Facebook Company Products: Our Products help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations, and others that are important to you. We design our systems so that your experience is consistent and seamless across the different Facebook Company Products that you use. For example, we use data about the people you engage with on Facebook to make it easier for you to connect with them on Instagram or Messenger, and we enable you to communicate with a business you follow on Facebook through Messenger.

    Enable global access to our services: To operate our global service, we need to store and distribute content and data in our data centers and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence. This infrastructure may be operated or controlled by Facebook, Inc., Facebook Ireland Limited, or its affiliates.


2. How our services are funded
Instead of paying to use Facebook and the other products and services we offer, by using the Facebook Products covered by these Terms you agree that we can show you ads that business and organizations pay us to promote on and off the Facebook Company Products. We use your personal data, such as information about your activity and interests, to show you ads that are more relevant to you.
Protecting people's privacy is central to how we've designed our ad system. This means that we can show you relevant and useful ads without telling advertisers who you are. We don't sell your personal data. We allow advertisers to tell us things like their business goal, and the kind of audience they want to see their ads (for example, people between the age of 18-35 who like cycling). We then show their ad to people who might be interested.
We also provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads to help them understand how people are interacting with their content on and off Facebook. For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers (for example, that an ad was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience. We don’t share information that directly identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us specific permission. Learn more about how Facebook ads work here.
We collect and use your personal data in order to provide the services described above to you. You can learn about how we collect and use your data in our Data Policy. You have controls over the types of ads and advertisers you see, and the types of information we use to determine which ads we show you. Learn more.


3. Your commitments to Facebook and our community
We provide these services to you and others to help advance our mission. In exchange, we need you to make the following commitments:

    Who can use Facebook
    When people stand behind their opinions and actions, our community is safer and more accountable. For this reason, you must:
        Use the same name that you use in everyday life.
        Provide accurate information about yourself.
        Create only one account (your own) and use your timeline for personal purposes.
        Not share your password, give access to your Facebook account to others, or transfer your account to anyone else (without our permission).
    We try to make Facebook broadly available to everyone, but you cannot use Facebook if:
        You are under 13 years old.
        You are a convicted sex offender.
        We've previously disabled your account for breaches of our Terms or Policies.
        You are prohibited from receiving our products, services, or software under applicable laws.

    What you can share and do on Facebook
    We want people to use Facebook to express themselves and to share content that is important to them, but not at the expense of the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of our community. You therefore agree not to engage in the conduct described below (or to facilitate or support others in doing so):
        You may not use our Products to do or share anything:
            That breaches these Terms, our Community Standards, and other terms and policies that apply to your use of Facebook.
            That is unlawful, misleading, discriminatory or fraudulent.
            That infringes or breaches someone else's rights, including their intellectual property rights.
        You may not upload viruses or malicious code or do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of our Products.
        You may not access or collect data from our Products using automated means (without our prior permission) or attempt to access data you do not have permission to access.
    We can remove or block content that is in breach of these provisions.
    If we remove content that you have shared for violation of our Community Standards we’ll let you know and explain any options you have to request another review, unless you seriously or repeatedly violate these Terms or if doing so may expose us or others to legal liability; harm our community of users; compromise or interfere with the integrity or operation of any of our services, systems or Products; where we are restricted due to technical limitations; or where we are prohibited from doing so for legal reasons.
    To help support our community, we encourage you to report content or conduct that you believe breaches your rights (including intellectual property rights) or our terms and policies.
    We also can remove or restrict access to your content, services or information if we determine that doing so is reasonably necessary to avoid or mitigate adverse legal or regulatory impacts to Facebook.

    The permissions you give us
    We need certain permissions from you to provide our services:
        Permission to use content you create and share: Some content that you share or upload, such as photos or videos, may be protected by intellectual property laws.
        You own the intellectual property rights (things like copyright or trademarks) in any such content that you create and share on Facebook and the other Facebook Company Products you use. Nothing in these Terms takes away the rights you have to your own content. You are free to share your content with anyone else, wherever you want.
        However, to provide our services we need you to give us some legal permissions (known as a ‘license’) to use this content. This is solely for the purposes of providing and improving our Products and services as described in Section 1 above.
        Specifically, when you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights on or in connection with our Products, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, and worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings). This means, for example, that if you share a photo on Facebook, you give us permission to store, copy, and share it with others (again, consistent with your settings) such as service providers that support our service or other Facebook Products you use.This license will end when your content is deleted from our systems.
        You can delete content individually or all at once by deleting your account. Learn more about how to delete your account. You can download a copy of your data at any time before deleting your account.
        When you delete content, it’s no longer visible to other users, however it may continue to exist elsewhere on our systems where:
            immediate deletion is not possible due to technical limitations (in which case, your content will be deleted within a maximum of 90 days from when you delete it);
            your content has been used by others in accordance with this license and they have not deleted it (in which case this license will continue to apply until that content is deleted); or
            where immediate deletion would restrict our ability to:
                investigate or identify illegal activity or violations of our terms and policies (for example, to identify or investigate misuse of our Products or systems);
                comply with a legal obligation, such as the preservation of evidence; or
                comply with a request of a judicial or administrative authority, law enforcement or a government agency; 
        in which case, the content will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it has been retained (the exact duration will vary on a case-by-case basis).
        In each of the above cases, this license will continue until the content has been fully deleted.
        Permission to use your name, profile picture, and information about your actions with ads and sponsored content: You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions you have taken on Facebook next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you. For example, we may show your friends that you are interested in an advertised event or have liked a Page created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on Facebook. Ads like this can be seen only by people who have your permission to see the actions you've taken on Facebook. You can learn more about your ad settings and preferences.
        Permission to update software you use or download: If you download or use our software, you give us permission to download and install updates to the software where available. 

    Limits on using our intellectual property
    If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Products (for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share on Facebook), we retain all rights to that content (but not yours). You can only use our copyrights or trademarks (or any similar marks) as expressly permitted by our Brand Usage Guidelines or with our prior written permission. You must obtain our written permission (or permission under an open source license) to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us. 


4. Additional provisions

    Updating our Terms
    We work constantly to improve our services and develop new features to make our Products better for you and our community. As a result, we may need to update these Terms from time to time to accurately reflect our services and practices. We will only make any changes if the provisions are no longer appropriate or if they are incomplete, and only if the changes are reasonable and take due account of your interests.
    We will notify you (for example, by email or through our Products) at least 30 days before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect, unless the changes are required by law. Once any updated Terms are in effect, you will be bound by them if you continue to use our Products.
    We hope that you will continue using our Products, but if you do not agree to our updated Terms and no longer want to be a part of the Facebook community, you can delete your account at any time.

    Account suspension or termination
    We want Facebook to be a place where people feel welcome and safe to express themselves and share their thoughts and ideas.
    If we determine that you have clearly, seriously or repeatedly breached our Terms or Policies, including in particular our Community Standards, we may suspend or permanently disable access to your account. We may also suspend or disable your account if you repeatedly infringe other people’s intellectual property rights or where we are required to do so for legal reasons.
    Where we take such action we’ll let you know and explain any options you have to request a review, unless doing so may expose us or others to legal liability; harm our community of users; compromise or interfere with the integrity or operation of any of our services, systems or Products; where we are restricted due to technical limitations; or where we are prohibited from doing so for legal reasons.
    You can learn more about what you can do if your account has been disabled and how to contact us if you think we have disabled your account by mistake.
    If you delete or we disable your account, these Terms shall terminate as an agreement between you and us, but the following provisions will remain in place: 3.3.1, 4.2-4.5.

    Limits on liability
    Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit our liability for death, personal injury or fraudulent misrepresentation caused by our negligence, or to affect your statutory rights.
    We will exercise professional diligence in providing our Products and services to you and in keeping a safe, secure and error-free environment. Provided that we have acted with professional diligence, we do not accept responsibility for losses not caused by our breach of these Terms or otherwise by our acts; losses that are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of entering into these Terms; and events beyond our reasonable control.

    Disputes
    We try to provide clear rules so that we can limit or hopefully avoid disputes between you and us. If a dispute does arise, however, it's useful to know up front where it can be resolved and what laws will apply.
    If you are a consumer and habitually reside in a Member State of the European Union, the laws of that Member State will apply to any claim, cause of action, or dispute you have against us that arises out of or relates to these Terms or the Facebook Products ("claim"), and you may resolve your claim in any competent court in that Member State that has jurisdiction over the claim. In all other cases, you agree that the claim must be resolved in a competent court in the Republic of Ireland and that Irish law will govern these Terms and any claim, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

    Other
        These Terms (formerly known as the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities) make up the entire agreement between you and Facebook Ireland Limited regarding your use of our Products. They supersede any prior agreements.
        Some of the Products we offer are also governed by supplemental terms. If you use any of these Products, you will be provided with an opportunity to agree to supplemental terms that will become part of our agreement with you. For instance, if you access or use our Products for commercial or business purposes, such as buying ads, selling products, developing apps, managing a group or Page for your business, or using our measurement services, you must agree to our Commercial Terms. If you post or share content containing music, you must comply with our Music Guidelines. To the extent any supplemental terms conflict with these Terms, the supplemental terms shall govern to the extent of the conflict.
        If any portion of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect. If we fail to enforce any of these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver. Any amendment to or waiver of these Terms must be made in writing and signed by us.
        You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone else without our consent.
        You may designate a person (called a legacy contact) to manage your account if it is memorialized. Only your legacy contact or a person who you have identified in a valid will or similar document expressing clear consent to disclose your content upon death or incapacity will be able to seek disclosure from your account after it is memorialized.
        These Terms do not confer any third-party beneficiary rights. All of our rights and obligations under these Terms are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
        You should know that we may need to change the username for your account in certain circumstances (for example, if someone else claims the username and it appears unrelated to the name you use in everyday life). We will inform you in advance if we have to do this and explain why.
        We always appreciate your feedback and other suggestions about our products and services. But you should know that we may use them without any restriction or obligation to compensate you, and we are under no obligation to keep them confidential.



5. Other terms and policies that may apply to you

    Community Standards: These guidelines outline our standards regarding the content you post to Facebook and your activity on Facebook and other Facebook Products.
    Commercial Terms: These terms apply if you also access or use our Products for any commercial or business purpose, including advertising, operating an app on our Platform, using our measurement services, managing a group or a Page for a business, or selling goods or services.
    Advertising Policies: These policies specify what types of ad content are allowed by partners who advertise across the Facebook Products.
    Self-Serve Ad Terms: These terms apply when you use self-serve advertising interfaces to create, submit, or deliver advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content.
    Pages, Groups and Events Policy: These guidelines apply if you create or administer a Facebook Page, group, or event, or if you use Facebook to communicate or administer a promotion.
    Facebook Platform Policy: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to your use of our Platform (for example, for developers or operators of a Platform application or website or if you use social plugins).
    Developer Payment Terms: These terms apply to developers of applications that use Facebook Payments.
    Community Payment Terms: These terms apply to payments made on or through Facebook.
    Commerce Policies: These guidelines outline the policies that apply when you offer products and services for sale on Facebook.
    Facebook Brand Resources: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to use of Facebook trademarks, logos, and screenshots.
    Music Guidelines: These guidelines outline the policies that apply if you post or share content containing music on Facebook.
    Live Policies: These policies apply to all content broadcast to Facebook Live.
    Messaging services terms relevant for EU, EEA and UK users: terms applicable to the messaging, voice and video calling services included in Facebook Products are listed here and here in accordance with EU rules.


Date of Last Revision: December 20, 2020 
Terms of Use
Effective as of February 5, 2020

These Terms of Use (this “Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you (“you”) and Flo Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Company,” “we” or “us”) for use of the Flo Fem Ⓡ mobile application, the website (flo.health and reg.flo.health), the Courses website (courses.flo.health) ("Courses"), the servers used by the application, the computer files stored on such servers, and all related services, and all related services, features and content offered by the Company (collectively, the “App”). This Agreement is not concluded with Apple, Inc., any of its subsidiaries, Google, Inc., any of its subsidiaries, or any other entity as may apply.

1. Acceptance of terms

Please read this Agreement carefully. By creating an account or accessing or using the App, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE APP.

We may modify this Agreement from time to time. We will notify you by email, through the App, or by presenting you with a new version of the Agreement for you to accept if we make modifications that materially change your rights. Your continued use of the App after the effective date of an updated version of the Agreement will indicate your acceptance of the Agreement as modified.

2. Medical services disclaimer

THE COMPANY IS NOT A LICENSED MEDICAL CARE PROVIDER AND THE APP IS NOT INTENDED TO REPLACE PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DIAGNOSE, TREAT OR MANAGE ANY ILLNESS OR MEDICAL CONDITION, SERVE AS A BIRTH CONTROL METHOD OR ​CONTRACEPTION. PLEASE CONSULT WITH A LICENSED PHYSICIAN OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTHCARE PROVIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISIONS OR TAKING ANY ACTIONS THAT MAY AFFECT YOUR HEALTH AND SAFETY OR THAT OF YOUR FAMILY OR FETUS. NEVER DISREGARD PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ IN CONNECTION WITH THE APP. ALWAYS CONSULT WITH YOUR HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS ABOUT YOUR HEALTH OR CONDITION OR EXPERIENCE ANY CHANGES IN YOUR CONDITION OR HEALTH STATUS. IF YOU THINK YOU HAVE A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, CALL 911 OR GO TO THE NEAREST OPEN EMERGENCY ROOM IMMEDIATELY.

WE DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, OR FOR UNINTENDED TECHNICAL INACCURACIES, OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS IN THE PROVIDED MATERIALS, AS WELL AS VIOLATION OF ANY ETHICAL OR MORAL STANDARDS APPLICABLE IN YOUR COMMUNITY TO SEXUAL EDUCATION AND RELATED MATERIALS.​

3. Registration and eligibility

To use the App, you may be required to create or update an account (“Account”) and will be asked to provide certain personal information, which may include your name, gender, birth date, and e-mail address. This information will be held and used in accordance with our privacy policy, which can be found at flo.health/privacy-policy (“Privacy Policy”). You agree that you will supply accurate and complete information to the Company, and that you will update that information promptly after it changes.

To create an Account and access the App, you must be at least 13 years old (16 years old in EU) and not barred from using the App under applicable law.

If you are under 18, your parent or guardian must review and accept the terms of this Agreement, and by using the App, you confirm that your parent or guardian has so reviewed and accepted this Agreement. We reserve the right to limit the availability to users under the age of 18 of certain content in the App, in our sole discretion.

4. Your use of the App

Any content you submit through the App is governed by the Company’s Privacy Policy flo.health/privacy-policy. To the extent there is an inconsistency between this Agreement and the Company’s Privacy Policy, these Terms shall govern. If you submit a question or response, you are solely responsible for your own communications, the consequences of posting those communications, and your reliance on any communications found in the public areas. The Company and its licensors are not responsible for the consequences of any communications in the public areas. In cases where you feel threatened or you believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. As a condition of using the App, you agree not to use the App for any purpose that is prohibited by this Agreement. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the App and you shall abide by all local, state, national, and international laws and regulations and any applicable regulatory codes. You agree that if you take any of the following actions, you will be materially breaching this Agreement, and you agree that you SHALL NOT:

а. resell, rent, lease, loan, sublicense, distribute, or otherwise transfer rights to the App;

b. modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App;

c. copy, adapt, alter, modify, translate, or create derivative works of the App without the written authorization of the Company;

d. permit other individuals to use the App, including but not limited to shared use via a network connection, except under the terms of this Agreement;

e. circumvent or disable any technological features or measures in the App for protection of intellectual property rights;

f. use the App in an attempt to, or in conjunction with, any device, program, or service designed to circumvent technological measures employed to control access to, or the rights in, a content file or other work protected by the copyright laws of any jurisdiction;

g. use or access the App to compile data in a manner that is used or usable by a competitive product or service;

h. use your Account to advertise, solicit, or transmit any commercial advertisements, including chain letters, junk e-mail or repetitive messages to anyone;

i. use your Account to engage in any illegal conduct;

j. upload to transmit any communications that infringe or violate the rights of any party;

k. upload media of any kind that contain expressions of hate, abuse, offensive images or conduct, obscenity, pornography, sexually explicit or any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with this Agreement and the Company’s Privacy Policy; or

l. upload any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or this website.

Any such forbidden use shall immediately terminate your license to use the App.

5. Children’s privacy and age restrictions

We are committed to protecting the privacy of children.

You should be aware that this App is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect personal data from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.

If you are a European Union resident, you shall be at least 16 years old in order to use the App. To the extent prohibited by applicable law, we do not allow the use of the App by European Union residents younger than 16 years old. 

You must be at least 18 years old to use some features of the App (e.g., some courses, content, or discussion topics in Secret Chats).  

If you are aware of anyone that does not comply with these limitations, please contact us at support@flo.health, and we will take steps to delete or terminate her account.

6. Export and economic sanctions control

The software that supports the App may be subject to U.S. export and reexport control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) maintained by the Department of State. You represent and warrant that you are (1) not located in any country or region that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, and (2) are not a denied party as specified in the regulations listed above.

You agree to comply with all U.S. and foreign export laws and regulations to ensure that neither the App nor any technical data related thereto nor any direct product thereof is exported or re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws and regulations.

7. Limited License to the App

We grant you a personal, worldwide, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access and use the App for personal and non-commercial purposes in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

All rights, title, and interest in and to the App not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by the Company. If you wish to use the Company’s software, title, trade name, trademark, service mark, logo, domain name and/or any other identification with notable brand features or other content owned by the Company, you must obtain written permission from the Company. Permission requests may be sent to support@flo.health.

To avoid any doubt, the Company owns all the text, images, photos, audio, video, location data, and all other forms of data or communication that the Company creates and makes available in connection with the App, including but not limited to visual interfaces, interactive features, graphics, design, compilation of User Content, and the compilation of aggregate user review ratings and all other elements and components of the App, excluding User Content (as defined below). Except as expressly and unambiguously provided herein, we do not grant you any express or implied rights, and all rights in and to the App and the Company’s Content are retained by us.

8. License to User Content

The App enables you to input personal notes, share your stories, post or upload content, submit content (including to public areas like Secret Chats) and log certain information into the App (“User Content”). You retain all rights to such User Content that you post, share, or log in the App.

By providing your User Content to the App, you (a) grant the Company a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, exploit, modify, publicly display, publicly perform, create derivative works from, incorporate it into other works, change, reformat, and distribute your User Content in connection with providing and operating the App and related services and/or for the Company’s promotional purposes (for example, by displaying on our website, within the App, in social media, on any website or platform in the internet as we may deem appropriate), subject to the Privacy Policy; and (b) you agree to indemnify the Company and its affiliates, directors, officers, and employees and hold them harmless from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from the media and/or your failure to company with the terms described in this Agreement.

The Company reserves the right to review all User Content prior to submission to the App and to remove any media for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole discretion.

9. Use at your own risk

Our goal is to help make certain health-related information more readily available and useful to you. However, the App cannot and does not guarantee health-related improvements or outcomes. Your use of the App and any information, predictions, or suggestions provided in the App are at your sole risk. We make no representation or warranty of any kind as to the accuracy of data, information, estimates, and predictions that we may provide to you through the App and you agree and understand that the App is not intended to match or serve the same purpose as a medical or scientific device.

10. Use by minors disclaimer

THE INFORMATION WITHIN THE APP DOES NOT INCITE, INDUCE OR OTHERWISE PROMOTE ANY SEXUAL BEHAVIOR OR ACTIVITY AMONG MINORS AND DOES NOT DIRECT THE CONTENT OF COMMUNICATION TO ANY PARTICULAR PERSON. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED WITHIN THE APP IS FOR GENERAL EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.

We carefully examine the materials that we make available via the App to people between 13 and 17 in order to avoid any inappropriate or harmful content. We fully understand that moral and ethical rules might differ from country to country in defining what information related to sexuality is admissible to minors.

We neither intend nor publish sexually explicit content, or content that otherwise might qualify as harmful to minors or juveniles under applicable law. We make reasonable efforts to ensure that all materials provided by us on the App are based on facts only and are scientifically accurate.

Please be aware that individual ethical views on what is offensive or harmful to minors may vary from the requirements set for content that may be made available to minors under applicable law. 

11. Subscriptions

Flo Premium subscription. The mobile application offers the Premium subscription that grants you access to additional features like period predictions enhanced by data science algorithms, personalized insights based on your symptoms and cycle phase, tools for detecting physical and emotional patterns, full health report that you can provide to your doctor. Some of our subscriptions include a free trial period, where you can experience the mobile application at no cost. Subscription with the free trial period will automatically renew to a paid subscription once your free trial expires. If you decide to unsubscribe from a paid subscription before we start charging your payment method, cancel the subscription before the free trial ends.

We offer monthly and annual subscription options. Payment will be charged to your credit/debit card through your iTunes Account or Google Play after you choose one of our subscriptions and confirm your purchase. Paid subscriptions automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off, until cancelled in the Manage Subscriptions section of your account settings. We will notify you if the price of subscription increases and, if required, seek your consent to continue. You will be charged no more than 24 hours prior to the start of the latest paid subscription period.

Courses. We offer 1 month, 3 months and annual subscription options for Courses. Payment will be charged to your credit/debit card through Stripe, a payment platform by Stripe, Inc. after you choose one of our subscription options and confirm your purchase. You expressly understand and agree that all payments and monetary transactions are handled by Stripe. You must not process stolen credit cards, or unauthorized credit cards through Stripe and/or your Account. Paid subscriptions automatically renew, unless auto-renew is turned off, until cancelled by contacting our support team support@flo.health. We will notify you if the price of subscription increases and, if required, seek your consent to continue. To issue a refund or on any other issues with payments in connection with Courses, please contact our support team support@flo.health. 

Flo Premium + Telehealth subscription. The mobile application offers the Premium + Telehealth subscription for its U.S. users only. The Premium + Telehealth subscription is subject to separate Terms and conditions. Please read it carefully before purchasing it.

12. Secret Chats.

Flo Secret Chats (Secret Chats) is a special feature of the App that allows users to communicate with each other on a set of different topics related to women’s health and wellbeing. All user comments in Secret Chats are posted anonymously. If you delete your account, your comments will remain visible to other users of Secret Chats.

As a user of Secret Chats, you shall not:

    Leave rude, harassing, insulting, provocative, discriminating, non-tolerant, religious, racist, political, homophobic, or offensive comments and statements;
    Post abusive, offensive, obscene, pornographic, infringing, sexually explicit images or any other materials (including links to such materials) prohibited under applicable law or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with this Agreement;
    Provide any medical advice or claim to be a healthcare professional;
    Advertise any product or service;
    Perform other forbidden actions as defined in Secret Chats Rules.

At our sole discretion, we reserve our right to: Delete any inappropriate or irrelevant comments or materials; Delete or modify comments containing personal data, such as name, address, or email; Restrict or ban your access to Secret Chats at any time and without notice if we determine that the content or use of Secret Chats is in violation of this Agreement; Use, copy, modify, reshuffle, move, change, publicly display, publicly conduct and distribute discussions, comments, and materials; Block your comments for any reasons or moderate them as we deem appropriate; Disable Secret Chats at any time without prior notification.

Any information posted in Secret Chats shall not be considered as advice, drug prescription, or treatment suggestion. If in doubt about your health, consult a licensed healthcare professional. Please bear in mind that our users are not healthcare professionals and their recommendations may not only be inaccurate, but also harmful to your health and well-being.

Read more about the rules applicable to communication in Secret Chats in our Secret Chats Rules. Secret Chats Rules are an integral part of the Agreement. By accepting the Agreement, you also accept the Secret Chat Rules.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT OF 1996), THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT CONSEQUENCES ARISING FROM THE INFORMATION, LINKS, AND MATERIALS POSTED BY USERS, ANY ACTIONS OR INACTIONS OF USERS, VIOLATIONS OF ANY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS.

13. Passwords

You are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your App passwords or account. It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of sign-in name, screen name and passwords; (2) authorize, monitory, and control access to and use of your App account and password; (3) promptly inform the Company if you believe your account or password has been compromised or if there is any other reason you need to deactivate a password. Send us an email at support@flo.health. You grant the Company and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the App the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the App. The Company cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit, or your or third parties’ use or misuse of information transmitted or received using the App.

14. Warranty disclaimer

The Company controls and operates the App from various locations and makes no representation that the App is appropriate or available for use in all locations. The App or certain features of it may not be available in your location or may vary across locations.

THE APP IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” AND IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, SAVE TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW. THE COMPANY, AND ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (A) THE APP WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (C) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE APP IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; (D) THE RESULTS OF USING THE APP WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. YOUR USE OF THE APP IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK; OR, (E) THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT, TEXT, IMAGES, SOFTWARE, GRAPHICS, OR COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES ON OR THROUGH THE APP, INCLUDING IN SECRET CHATS. SOME STATES / COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

15. Limitation of liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, ADVERTISERS, OR DATA PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA) WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), EQUITY OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS APP. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE APP EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO THE COMPANY FOR USE OF THE APP OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO THE COMPANY, AS APPLICABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE COMPANY, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THE APP ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY, INCLUDING DEATH, CAUSED BY YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE APP.

16. Use of mobile devices

Please note that your carrier’s normal rates and fees, such as text messaging and data charges, will still apply if you are using the App on a mobile device.

17. Third-Party Services

The App may give you access to links to third-party websites, apps, or other products or services (“Third Party Services”). The Company does not control Third Party Services in any manner and, accordingly, does not assume any liability associated with such Third Party Services. You need to take appropriate steps to determine whether accessing a Third Party Service is appropriate, including protecting your personal information and privacy in using any such Third Party Services and complying with relevant agreements. 

18. Your feedback

We welcome your feedback about the App. Unless otherwise expressly declared, any communications you send to us or publish in app stores are deemed to be submitted on a non-confidential basis. You agree that we may decide to publicize such contents at our own discretion. You agree to authorize us to make use of such contents for free, and revise, modify, adjust and change contextually, or make any other changes as we deem appropriate.

19. Enforcement rights

We are not obligated to monitor access or use of the App. However, we reserve the right to do so for purposes of operating and maintaining the App, ensuring your compliance with this Agreement, and complying with applicable legal requirements. We may disclose unlawful conduct to law enforcement authorities, and pursuant to valid legal process, we may cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law. We reserve the right (but are not required) to remove or disable any content posted to the App or access to App at any time and without notice, and at our sole discretion if we determine in our sole discretion that your content or use of the App is objectionable or in violation this Agreement.

The Company has no liability or responsibility to users of the App or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.

20. Changes to the App

From time to time and without prior notice to you, we may change, expand, and improve the App. We may also, at any time, cease to continue operating part or all of the App or selectively disable certain features of the App. Your use of the App does not entitle you to the continued provision or availability of the App. Any modification or elimination of the App or any particular features will be done in our sole and absolute discretion and without an ongoing obligation or liability to you.

21. Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the Company, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of this Agreement.

22. Miscellaneous

Any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE IN AN APPROPRIATE STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND THE PARTIES UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL.

Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of the App must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.

If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement, or a portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to affect the intent of this Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. A printed version of this Agreement shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings.

No waiver of by the Company of any term or condition set forth in this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.

Upon termination, all provisions of this Agreement, which, by their nature, should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability.

All claims between the parties related to this Agreement will be litigated individually, and the parties will not consolidate or seek class treatment for any claim unless previously agreed to in writing by the parties.

We may refuse service, close Accounts, and change eligibility requirements at any time.

23. Notice and takedown procedures

If you believe any materials accessible on or from the App infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from this App by contacting the Company and providing the following information:

а. Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and, where possible, include a copy or the location (e.g., App page) of an authorized version of the work.

b. Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please describe the material, and provide us with its URL or any other pertinent information that will allow us to locate the material.

c. Your name, address, telephone number and (if available) e-mail address.

d. A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

e. A statement that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that “under penalty of perjury,” you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.

f. A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.

In an effort to protect the rights of copyright owners, the Company maintains a policy for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of subscribers and account holders of the App who are repeat infringers.

Questions and comments

If you have any comments or questions on any part of the App or any part of these Terms of Use, require support, or have any claims, please contact us at support@flo.health.

Terms of Use
Last Updated: April 3, 2014

Welcome to the Internet sites of Garmin Ltd. and its subsidiaries ("Garmin"). "Garmin Sites" include garmin.com, garmin.blogs.com, my.garmin.com, connect.garmin.com and other Internet sites on which these Terms of Use are posted. Garmin is sometimes referred to herein as "we," "us" or "our".

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY GARMIN SITE. By using any Garmin Site you signify your agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use the Garmin Sites.

Note that special terms might apply to some services or features offered on certain Garmin Sites. These terms are posted in connection with the applicable service or feature. Any such terms are in addition to these Terms of Use, and in the event of a conflict, prevail over these Terms of Use.

Garmin may modify these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting. You are bound by any such modification and should therefore visit this page periodically to review these Terms of Use.

Use of Content
The content contained on Garmin Sites, such as text, graphics, images, audio, video and other material, as well as the domain names, tagline, organization and user look-and-feel (collectively, the "Content"), is protected by copyright, trademark and other such laws in the United States and foreign countries, and is owned or controlled by Garmin or by third parties that have licensed their Content to Garmin. Unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Where a Garmin Site is configured to enable the download of particular Content, you may download one copy of such Content to a single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that (a) you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content, (b) you may not sell or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose without the prior written permission of Garmin, and (c) you may not use the Content in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services or brands.

You may not, without the prior written permission of Garmin, "mirror" on any other server any material contained on any Garmin Site. The use of the Content on any other Web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited, without the express written permission of Garmin. The trademarks, logos and service marks (the "Marks") displayed on the Garmin Sites are owned by Garmin or third parties. You are prohibited from use of those Marks without the express, written permission of Garmin or such third party. If you would like information about obtaining Garmin's permission to use the Content on your Web site, e-mail webmaster@garmin.com.

In the event that we offer downloads of software on a Garmin Site and you download such software, the software, including without limitation any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") is licensed to you by us or third-party licensors for your personal, noncommercial home use only. We do not transfer title to the Software to you. You may not distribute or otherwise exploit the Software or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-readable form. UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY AND EXPRESSLY STATED ELSEWHERE, GARMIN HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WHETHER SUCH WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.

GARMIN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR (1) ANY INACCURACY, ERROR IN OR FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE; (2) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES) ARISING FROM ANY DOWNLOAD OR USE MADE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OCCASIONED BY ANY SUCH INACCURACY, ERROR OR FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE. IF ANY OF THE ABOVE PROVISIONS ARE VOID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, GARMIN'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

Public Forums and Communication
"Public Forum" means an area, site or feature offered as part of any Garmin Site that offers the opportunity for users to submit content ("User Submissions") for viewing by one or more Garmin Site users, including without limitation a message board, forum, social community environment, conversation page, or blog.

You acknowledge that Public Forums and features offered therein are for public and not private communications, and you have no expectation of privacy with regard to any User Submission to a Public Forum. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose through any of these media; you make such disclosures voluntarily and at your own risk. You should use good judgment when posting information, remarks or other content regarding other users, service providers, Garmin or any other third party. You may be held legally responsible for damages suffered by other users, Garmin or third parties as a result of legally actionable or defamatory comments, remarks or other information or content which you post to a Garmin Site. Garmin is not legally responsible for any User Submissions, even if a User Submission is defamatory or otherwise legally actionable.

You are and will remain solely responsible for the User Submissions you distribute on or through any Garmin Site in any Public Forum and for the consequences of submitting and posting same. We have no duty to monitor any Public Forum. You will be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from a User Submission. By submitting material to any Garmin Site, you automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such material has expressly granted, Garmin the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright or other rights that may exist in such material. You also permit any other user to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that user's personal use. You hereby grant Garmin the right to edit, copy, publish and distribute any material you make available on any Garmin Site.

You acknowledge that your use or reliance upon any User Submission posted in any Public Forum is at your own risk. For example, we are not responsible for, and we do not endorse, the opinions, advice, or recommendations posted or sent by users in any Public Forum and we specifically disclaim any and all liability in connection therewith. We do not confirm nor verify the qualifications, background, or abilities of users or the information they post in any Public Forum. Therefore, we recommend that you be careful and exercise common sense and good judgment when using any Garmin Site or Public Forum.

Rules of Conduct: you agree that you will not submit any User Submission on any Garmin Site that:

is defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, or an invasion of a right of privacy of another person;
is bigoted, hateful, or racially or otherwise offensive;
is violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit, or otherwise harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any person or entity;
is illegal or encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities with the intent to commit them, including a User Submission that is, or represents an attempt to engage in, child pornography, stalking, sexual assault, fraud, trafficking in obscene or stolen material, drug dealing and/or drug abuse, harassment, theft, or conspiracy to commit any criminal activity;
infringes or violates any right of a third party including: (a) copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary or contractual rights; (b) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person's personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; or (c) any confidentiality obligation;
is commercial, business-related or advertises or offers to sell any products, services or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicits others (including solicitations for contributions or donations);
contains a virus or other harmful component, or otherwise tampers with, impairs or damages the Garmin Sites or any connected network, or otherwise interferes with any person or entity's use or enjoyment of the Garmin Sites;
(a) does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the relevant Public Forum; (b) violates any specific restrictions applicable to a Public Forum, including its age restrictions and procedures; or (c) is antisocial, disruptive, or destructive, including "flaming," "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and "griefing" as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet; or
is false or misleading.
We cannot and do not assure that other users are or will be complying with the foregoing Rules of Conduct or any other provisions of these Terms of Use, and, as between you and us, you hereby assume all risk of harm or injury resulting from any such lack of compliance.

We reserve the right, but disclaim any obligation or responsibility, to refuse to post or communicate or remove any User Submission from any Garmin Site that violates these Terms of Use (including the Rules of Conduct).

Accounts
Some services on the Garmin Sites permit or require you to create an account to participate or to secure additional benefits. You agree to provide, maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration processes (the "Registration Data"). You agree not to impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person's username, password or other account information, or another person's name, likeness, voice, image or photograph. You also agree to notify us promptly at garminsecurity@garmin.com of any unauthorized use of your username, password, other account information, or any other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to any Garmin Site.

We may suspend or terminate your account and your ability to use any Garmin Site or portion thereof for failure to comply with these Terms of Use or any special terms related to a particular service.

Garmin's Liability
Garmin makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Content or about the results to be obtained from using the Garmin Sites and the Content. Any use of the Garmin Sites and the Content is at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to Garmin Sites and may be made at any time. Some Content on the Garmin Sites may be provided by third parties and Garmin will not be held responsible for any such Content provided by third parties.

GARMIN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE GARMIN SITES WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE GARMIN SITES OR THEIR SERVERS ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL GOODS. IF YOUR USE OF THE GARMIN SITES OR THE CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR DATA, GARMIN WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.

THE GARMIN SITES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN 'AS IS' BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. GARMIN, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY OR THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Disclaimer of Certain Damages
Your use of the Garmin Sites is at your own risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the Content or other contents of the Garmin Sites or with these Terms and Conditions, your sole remedy is to discontinue use of the Garmin Sites. IN NO EVENT WILL GARMIN OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THE GARMIN SITES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE GARMIN SITES AND THE CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT GARMIN IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHICH CASE SUCH EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION APPLIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWABLE UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW.

Links to Other Sites
The Garmin Sites may contain links to third party Web sites that are maintained by others. Any such links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Garmin of the contents on such third-party Web sites. Garmin is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations or warranties regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party Web sites or the privacy practices of such third parties. If you decide to access linked third-party Web sites, you do so at your own risk.

Third-party Applications
On Garmin Sites you might have an opportunity to download applications that were developed by third-parties. Garmin is not responsible for and makes no representations or warranties regarding the content or functionality of these third-party applications or the privacy practices of such third-party developers. If you decide to download and use any of these third-party applications, then you do so at your own risk.

Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Garmin, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your breach of these Terms of Use.

Export Control
The United States and certain other countries control the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export the Content to countries or persons prohibited under export control laws. By downloading the Content, you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not on the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders or the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Content.

Copyright Policy
Garmin respects the intellectual property rights of others. It is Garmin's policy, at its discretion and when appropriate, to terminate the accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe the copyrights of third parties.

To submit a copyright infringement notification to Garmin, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing the below-specified Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of the preceding paragraph, your DMCA notice may not be valid. Please see 17 U.S.C. à¸¢à¸‡ 512 for more information regarding the DMCA and DMCA notifications.

Our Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement can be reached as follows:

By Email: copyright@garmin.com

By Mail:
DMCA Designated Agent
Attn: Legal Department
Garmin International, Inc.
1200 East 151st Street
Olathe, KS 66062

General
Except to the extent provided below in this paragraph, all legal issues arising from or related to the use of any Garmin Site will be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of the State of Kansas applicable to contracts entered into and performed within the State of Kansas without respect to its conflict of laws principles. By using a Garmin Site, you agree that the exclusive forum for any claims or causes of action arising out of your use of the Garmin Site is the United States District Court for the District of Kansas, or any Kansas State court sitting in Johnson County. You hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which you may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. If (a) you are not a U.S. citizen; (b) you do not reside in the U.S.; (c) you are not accessing the Garmin Site from the U.S.; and (d) you are a citizen of one of the countries identified below, you hereby agree that any dispute or claim arising from this Terms of Use will be governed by the applicable law set forth below, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the state, province or country identified below whose law governs:

If you are a citizen of:
Any European Union country

Governing law and forum:
English laws; London, England

In the event of a complaint, or to request further information, the provider may be contacted in writing at Garmin International, Inc., 1200 East 151st Street, Olathe, Kansas 66062, USA, by telephone at (913) 397-8200 (ask for the webmaster), or by e-mail at webmaster@garmin.com.
Google Terms of Service

Last modified: 30 April 2014 (view archived versions)

Welcome to Google!

Thanks for using our products and services (“Services”). The Services are provided by Google Inc. (“Google”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.

By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read them carefully.

Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply. Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.

Using our Services

You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services.

Do not misuse our Services, for example, do not interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.

Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content that you access. You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Do not remove, obscure or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.

Our Services display some content that is not Google’s. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. But that does not necessarily mean that we review content, so please do not assume that we do.

In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages and other information. You may opt out of some of those communications.

Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.

Your Google Account

You may need a Google Account in order to use some of our Services. You may create your own Google Account, or your Google Account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution. If you are using a Google Account assigned to you by an administrator, different or additional terms may apply, and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account.

To protect your Google Account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your Google Account. Try not to reuse your Google Account password on third-party applications. If you learn of any unauthorised use of your password or Google Account, follow these instructions.

Privacy and Copyright Protection

Google’s Privacy Policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services. By using our Services, you agree that Google can use such data in accordance with our Privacy Policies.

We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online. If you think that somebody is violating your copyright and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices and Google’s policy about responding to notices in our Help Centre.

Your Content in our Services

Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours.

When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide licence to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes that we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights that you grant in this licence are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. This licence continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, for a business listing that you have added to Google Maps). Some Services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to that Service. Also, in some of our Services, there are terms or settings that narrow the scope of our use of the content submitted in those Services. Make sure that you have the necessary rights to grant us this licence for any content that you submit to our Services.

Our automated systems analyse your content (including emails) to provide you with personally relevant product features, such as customised search results, tailored advertising and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received and when it is stored.

If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our Services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account. For example, you can choose your settings so that your name and photo do not appear in an ad.

You can find more information about how Google uses and stores content in the Privacy Policy or additional terms for particular Services. If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.

About Software in our Services

When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, this software may be updated automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some Services may let you adjust your automatic update settings.

Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive licence to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services. This licence is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.

Open-source software is important to us. Some software used in our Services may be offered under an open-source licence that we will make available to you. There may be provisions in the open-source licence that expressly override some of these terms.

Modifying and Terminating our Services

We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.

You can stop using our Services at any time, although we would be sorry to see you go. Google may also stop providing Services to you or add or create new limits to our Services at any time.

We believe that you own your data, and preserving your access to such data is important. If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to remove information from that Service.

Our Warranties and Disclaimers

We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we do not promise about our Services.

Other than as expressly set out in these terms or additional terms, neither Google nor its suppliers or distributors makes any specific promises about the Services. For example, we do not make any commitments about the content within the Services, the specific functions of the Services or their reliability, availability or ability to meet your needs. We provide the Services “as is”.

Some jurisdictions provide for certain warranties, like the implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all warranties.

Liability for our Services

When permitted by law, Google and Google’s suppliers and distributors will not be responsible for lost profits, revenues or data, financial losses or indirect, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages.

To the extent permitted by law, the total liability of Google and its suppliers and distributors for any claims under these terms, including for any implied warranties, is limited to the amount that you paid us to use the Services (or, if we choose, to supplying you with the Services again).

In all cases, Google and its suppliers and distributors will not be liable for any loss or damage that is not reasonably foreseeable.

We recognise that in some countries, you might have legal rights as a consumer. If you are using the Services for a personal purpose, then nothing in these terms or any additional terms limits any consumers’ legal rights which may not be waived by contract.

Business uses of our Services

If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify Google and its affiliates, officers, agents and employees from any claim, action or proceedings arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, judgements, litigation costs and legal fees.

About these Terms

We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. You should look at the terms regularly. We’ll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page. We’ll post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable Service. Changes will not apply retrospectively and will become effective no earlier than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.

If there is any inconsistency between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will prevail to the extent of the inconsistency.

These terms govern the relationship between Google and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.

If you do not comply with these terms and we do not take action immediately, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).

If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.

The courts in some countries will not apply Californian law to some types of disputes. If you reside in one of those countries, then where Californian law is excluded from applying, your country’s laws will apply to such disputes related to these terms. Otherwise, you agree that the laws of California, USA, excluding California’s choice of law rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. Similarly, if the courts in your country will not permit you to consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the courts in Santa Clara County, California, USA, then your local jurisdiction and venue will apply to such disputes related to these terms. Otherwise, all claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.
https://payments.google.com/files/tos/buyer/Buyer_GB.html

Google Payments

For the avoidance of doubt, GPL will provide Buyer with the Service (as defined in the Terms of Service below) in respect of Buyers purchases on Googles marketplaces and in respect of charitable donations made to Sellers which are charities.

A list of Googles marketplaces supported by the Service can be found here. Google may update the marketplaces from time to time, but all marketplace transactions will be processed in accordance with the Terms of Service below. Please consult the terms and conditions of the product for further information about whether a particular product is a marketplace or not.

Google Payments Terms of Service - Buyer (GB)
March 28, 2018

These Terms of Service ("Agreement") are a legal contract between Google Payment Limited, a company incorporated in England (Company No. 05903713), whose registered office is at 5 New Street Square, London EC4A 3TW, United Kingdom ("GPL") and You ("Buyer"). GPL can be contacted by email through the Help Centre at https://support.google.com/payments. GPL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") as an electronic money ("E-money") institution and is entered into the FCA register with register number 900008. GPL is a subsidiary of Google International, LLC ("Google").

This Agreement governs Your access to and use of: Google Payments; Sending Transactions using Google Pay; and Funding Instruments saved to Your Google Payments account (which may be presented to You under the Google Pay brand), when used in connection with the services described below. The services described below are provided by GPL. Please review the Agreement carefully before You decide whether to accept them and continue with the registration process.

By accepting this Agreement, You represent that You are 18 years old or older and You are capable of entering into a legally-binding agreement.

Before You continue You should print off or save a copy of this Agreement for Your records. You can accept the Agreement as described in clause 3. The Agreement will be effective from the date of Your acceptance ("Effective Date").
1. Defined Terms

The following defined terms appear in this Agreement:

"Account" means the E-money account GPL holds for You which can be used to fund Purchase Transactions and Sending Transactions, and to store E-money issued to You by GPL.

"AISP" means an account information service provider, which is a payment service provider (that is not GPL) providing an account information service, which is an online service that can provide You with consolidated information on one or more of Your payment accounts, which may include Your Account.

"Business Day" means a day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a bank holiday in the United Kingdom.

"Business Products" means goods and/or services (as used in ordinary sense of the word) that are provided during the conduct of business.

"Content" means any advice, opinion, offer, proposal, statement, data or other information displayed or distributed, purchased or paid through the Service.

"Customer" means a person or entity that registers with the Service as a Buyer or a Seller.

"Disputes" means any disagreements, litigation, arrangements and/or other such disputes between Customers or other third parties arising from the use of the Service other than Service Disputes.

"E-money" means electronic value issued by GPL on receipt of funds. E-money resides in GPL's computer system and represents a claim against GPL for redemption. E-money is not a deposit.

"Funding Instrument" means the credit card, debit card, Operator Billing Account, bank account or other payment instrument which You register for use with the Service and which will be used by GPL to fund the issuing of E-money through the Service in order to process Purchase Transactions, Sending Transactions and for other purposes.

"Google" means Google International, LLC, and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates.

"GPL Website" means a website of GPL or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

"GPL", "we", "our" or "us" means Google Payment Limited.

"Login Details" means the username and password that GPL issues to You to access Your Account.

"Operator" means a mobile telephone operator approved by GPL that offers an Operator Billing Account.

"Operator Billing" means the process by which GPL submits a request to the Operator for the billing of a purchase of E-money to the Buyer's Operator Billing Account.

"Operator Billing Account" means the monthly or other periodic billing account provided to You by Your Operator that You register with the Service to fund the purchase of E-money.

"Payment Order" means (i) the instruction the Seller gives to GPL to execute a Purchase Transaction authorised by You, (ii) the instruction the Seller gives to GPL to execute a Refund Transaction, or (iii) the instruction You give to GPL to execute a Sending Transaction, as the context requires.

"Payment Service Rights" means the rights set out in Part 6 and Part 7 of the Payment Services Regulations 2017.

"PISP" means a payment initiation service provider, which is a payment service provider (that is not GPL) providing a payment initiation service, which is an online service that You can use to initiate a Sending Transaction.

"Product" means any digital or physical merchandise, goods or service You may purchase from a Seller using the Service.

"Purchase Amount" means an amount equal to the price of a Product, including any related fees, taxes or delivery charges, as applicable.

"Purchase Transaction" means the transaction by which GPL transfers the Purchase Amount from Your Account to the E-money account of a Seller from whom You are purchasing a Product.

"Redemption Rights" means the rights set out in regulation 39(b) of the Electronic Money Regulations 2011.

"Refund Transaction" means the transaction by which GPL transfers an amount of E-money from the Seller to Your Account as part of a refund process.

"Seller" means any person or entity that uses the Service to sell Products and receive Purchase Amounts from Purchase Transactions.

"Sending Amount" means an amount specified by You to be sent to a person specified by You.

"Sending Transaction" means the transaction by which GPL transfers the Sending Amount from Your Account to the E-money account of the person specified by You.

"Service" means the E-money payment service provided by GPL.

"services" means all services offered by GPL under the Agreement, including the Service.

"Service Disputes" means any disagreements, complaints, litigation, arrangements and/or other such disputes between GPL and Customers arising solely from the alleged failure by GPL to meet its obligations under the Agreement or any applicable law and any associated error in the provision of the Service.

"Subsidiaries and Affiliates" means subsidiaries and affiliated legal entities of Google around the world.

"Unregulated Service" means a service provided by GPL that is not an E-money payment service, such as the service set out in clause 10.1(c).

"You", "Your" and "Buyer" means a person that applies to, or registers to use, or uses, the Service.

"Your email address" means the email address provided by You during sign-up.

2. Your relationship with GPL

2.1 Your use of the Service is subject to the Agreement.

2.2 By using the Service You will purchase E-money from GPL which will immediately be used to make payments to Sellers, unless specified otherwise.

2.3 Unregulated Services may also be provided by GPL, as set out in the Agreement.

3. Accepting the Agreement

3.1 In order to use the services, You must firstly accept the Agreement. You may not use the services if You do not accept the Agreement.

3.2 The Agreement forms a legally-binding agreement between You and GPL in relation to Your use of the services and it is important that You take the time to read it carefully. By accepting the Agreement You agree to use the services in accordance with the requirements of the Agreement.

3.3 You can accept the Agreement by: (a) Clicking to accept or agree to the Agreement, where this option is made available to You by GPL in the user interface; or (b) Actually using the services. In this case, You understand and agree that GPL will treat Your use of the services as acceptance of the Agreement from that point onwards.

3.4 You may not use the services and may not accept the Agreement if:

    (a) You are not of legal age to form a binding contract with GPL and operate the Funding Instrument You register for use with the services; or

    (b) You are a person barred from receiving the services under the laws of the United States or other countries including the country in which You are resident or from which You use the services.

4. Provision and language of the Agreement

4.1 A copy of the Agreement will be provided to You in printable form during the sign-up process. A copy of the Agreement, as amended from time to time, is available to You on the GPL Website.

4.2 Throughout the duration of the Agreement, You may request to be provided with the Agreement, and a link to the Agreement will be sent to Your email address free of charge.

4.3 The Agreement will be provided to You in English.

4.4 Where GPL has provided You with a translation of the English-language version of the Agreement, You agree that the translation is provided for Your convenience only and that the English-language version of the Agreement will govern Your relationship with GPL.

4.5 If there is any contradiction between the English language version of the Agreement and a translation, the English language version takes precedence.

5. Registration for the Service

5.1 To use the services, You must complete all required information elements on the Google Payments registration processes.

5.2 If You wish to use the Service to purchase E-money, You must register a valid Funding Instrument.

5.3 The Funding Instrument must be associated with a billing address in a country where the Service is made available.

5.4 You must provide current, complete and accurate information and maintain it as current and accurate during Your use of the services. GPL may require You to provide additional information as a condition of continued use of the services or in order to allow You to start using a new service, or to assist in determining whether to permit You to continue to use the services. You agree to provide such information as GPL may require in this regard, including information necessary to validate Your identity or confirm the authenticity of any Funding Instrument which You register for use with GPL.

5.5 Subject to the terms of clauses 5.5 to 5.8, You may use Your Account for business purposes:

    (i) You must declare to GPL that You intend to use the Account for such purposes, either during registration or, where You later decide to use the Account for such purposes, by notifying GPL by updating Your registration details at payments.google.com and comply with any requests from GPL for information about Your business and the purposes for which You are using Your Account.

    (ii) If You request a Customer to execute a Sending Transaction to You as a payment related to Your business, You must provide the associated Business Products in accordance with all applicable law, any policies or processes established by GPL and the rules applicable to the Service.

    (iii) If a Customer initiates a chargeback or otherwise reverses the funding of a Sending Transaction, or if GPL reverses a Sending Transaction, You agree that GPL may deduct such reversed amount from Your Account and if this results in a negative balance on Your Account may suspend Your Account until such time as You purchase or otherwise receive additional E-money to restore Your Account to good standing.

    (iv) You agree that: (a) GPL may delay any redemption of E-money related to the proceeds of Your business (no such delay to be more than six (6) months unless required by law); (b) GPL may put a reserve requirement on Your Account in order to manage chargebacks or other transaction reversals that may result in a negative balance on Your Account; and (c) in order to comply with clauses 5.5(iv)(a) and (b) You will not exercise Your Redemption Rights to circumvent these terms.

    (v) Regarding taxes and invoices:

        (a) You provide all necessary invoice information to any Customer.

        (b) You will pay any applicable taxes, including sales, use, personal property, value-added, excise, customs fees, import duties or stamp duties or other taxes and duties imposed by governmental entities of whatever kind and imposed with respect to Your Business Products, including penalties and interest, but specifically excluding taxes based upon GPL's net income.

        (c) GPL is not responsible for, and is not the entity collecting value added tax, income tax or other taxes with respect to Your Purchase Transactions, Sending Transactions (whether as the sender or recipient) or redemption of E-money.

        (d) When GPL has the legal obligation to collect or perform any other act with respect to any applicable taxes, the following terms apply (as appropriate): (1) the appropriate amount will be invoiced to and paid by You within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice or other notification; (2) You will promptly provide GPL with such documentation as may be required by the applicable governmental entity in order for GPL to process payments hereunder (including, without limitation, a valid certificate of Your exemption from obligation to pay taxes as authorised by the appropriate governmental entity); (3) GPL may withhold any payments required to be made hereunder until You have provided such documentation; and (4) You will promptly provide GPL with original or certified copies of all tax payments or other sufficient evidence of tax payments at the time such payments are made by You pursuant to the Agreement.

5.6 If You use Your Account for business purposes, You will not:

    (a) ask any Customer to provide You with the account numbers or details of any Funding Instrument;

    (b) use the Account in relation to Business Products that violate the Agreement, applicable law, other policies or rules applicable to the Service, or involve the purchase any of the items set out in the policy provided here.

5.7 The consumer protection terms of the Agreement except those that arise from or replace the Payment Service Rights do not apply to the provision of the services that are used for the purpose of Your business.

5.8 If You do not comply with the requirements of 5.5 and 5.6, GPL may either terminate or suspend Your Account.

6. Provision of the Service by GPL

6.1 Sometimes Subsidiaries and Affiliates will provide all or part of the services to You on behalf of GPL. You acknowledge and agree that Subsidiaries and Affiliates will be entitled to provide the services to You.

6.2 GPL is constantly innovating in order to provide the best possible experience for its users. You acknowledge and agree that GPL may provide a new service from time to time without prior notice to You. We will provide You with any revised Agreement resulting from the introduction of a new service by email or by providing a link to the updated Agreement during sign-up. You can accept the revised Agreement as specified in clause 3.

6.3 You acknowledge and agree that GPL may stop providing the services to You as provided in the Agreement. You may stop using the services at any time. You do not need to inform GPL when You stop using the services.

6.4 You acknowledge and agree that GPL may establish general practices and limits concerning the use of the services without prior notice to You, including without limitation individual or aggregate transaction limits on the value or number of Purchase Transactions and Sending Transactions during any specified time period(s).

6.5 GPL may refuse to execute any Purchase Transaction, Sending Transaction, Payment Order, or other use of the services if GPL has reasonable grounds to suspect fraud, a breach of the applicable Agreement by You or the Seller, or a violation of law. Transactions may also be delayed due to GPL's compliance with its obligations under applicable anti-money laundering legislation, including if GPL suspects the transaction involves fraud. In the event that GPL refuses to execute a Purchase Transaction, Sending Transaction, Payment Order, or other use of the services, You will be notified, unless it is unlawful for GPL to do so, or would compromise reasonable security measures.

6.6 You acknowledge and agree that if GPL disables access to Your Account by stopping the use of Your Login Details, You may be prevented from accessing the Service, Your Account Details or any files or other content which is contained in Your Account.

7. Use of the Service by You

7.1 You agree to use the services only as permitted by:

    (a) The Agreement;

    (b) Policies and limits for the services, as published and updated by GPL and its affiliates from time to time; and

    (c) Any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions (including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the United States or other relevant countries).

7.2 Without prejudice to the above, You agree and acknowledge that the reporting and payment of any applicable taxes arising from Your use of the services is Your responsibility. You hereby agree to comply with any and all applicable tax laws, including the reporting and payment of any taxes arising in connection with Purchase Transactions.

7.3 You agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of the services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by GPL, unless You have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with GPL. You acknowledge that this restriction will apply to use of the services by any automated means. This does not affect Your right to use AISP or PISP services.

7.4 You agree that You will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the services (or the servers and networks which are connected to the services).

7.5 Unless You have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate agreement with GPL, You agree that You will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the services for any purpose.

7.6 You agree that You are solely responsible for (and that GPL has no responsibility to You or to any third party for) any breach of Your obligations under the Agreement and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which GPL may suffer) of any such breach.

8. Your Login Details and Account security

8.1 You agree to use any Login Details associated with Your Account only in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement governing their use.

8.2 You agree and understand that You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Login Details associated with Your Account and taking all reasonable steps to keep this information confidential.

8.3 If You are using the services in a business capacity, You agree that all officers, employees, agents, representatives and others having access to Your Login Details will be properly authorised to do so, and will have the authority to legally bind the business, partnership or other legal entity concerned.

8.4 Your liability for usage of the Service is set out in clause 17 below.

8.5 You must notify GPL without undue delay through Cant sign in to Your Google Account on the Buyer Help Centre on becoming aware of the loss, theft, or misappropriation of Your Login Details or Account, and through Report unauthorized charges on the Buyer Help Centre on becoming aware of unauthorised use of Your Login Details or Account. You agree to notify GPL without undue delay and in the same manner of any other breach of security regarding the Service of which You have knowledge.

8.6 If You believe that Your Account has been opened or used in an unauthorised manner, please see our how to report abuse section. Also, please see our Frequently Asked Questions for more information on how GPL protects You from fraud.

8.7 In order to get a refund for any unauthorised or incorrectly executed Purchase Transactions or Sending Transactions, You must notify GPL through the Buyer Help Centre without undue delay, and in any case no later than thirteen (13) months after the debit date (which will be the same date that the funds have been taken from Your Account), on becoming aware of any such transactions (also see clause 17).

8.8 GPL may suspend the use of Your Login Details or Account where it suspects that their security may have been compromised, or that unauthorised or fraudulent use has taken place.

8.9 GPL will inform You in advance or, if that is not possible, immediately after of the suspension of the use of Your Login Details or Account, specifying the reasons for the suspension, unless such provision of information would compromise reasonable security measures or be otherwise unlawful. GPL will reactivate Your Login Details or Account, or provide You with new active Login Details or Account, as soon as it is practicable after the reasons for the suspension cease to exist.
9. Privacy and Your personal information

9.1 The Google Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information when You use Google's products and services. In addition, GPL's privacy policy at https://payments.google.com/files/privacy.html explains how GPL treats Your personal information, and protects Your privacy, when You use the Service.You may request that an electronic copy of the GPL privacy policy be sent to You in PDF form by contacting us through the help centre at https://support.google.com/payments.

9.2 You agree to the use of Your data in accordance with GPL's privacy policies.

9.3 Buyer Identity Verification; Anti-Money Laundering Requirements.

    (a) Buyer acknowledges that GPL is offering and continues to offer the services to Buyer on the condition that Buyer satisfies all due diligence and identity checks GPL may conduct, and that Buyer complies with GPL, card association, and regulatory anti-money laundering requirements. Identity checks may include credit checks, anti-money laundering checks required by relevant legislation, checks required by card associations, and checks to meet relevant regulatory requirements. Buyer will provide all assistance requested by GPL in carrying out such checks and determining compliance with anti-money laundering requirements, including the provision of such additional registration or identity verification information as GPL may require.

    (b) Buyer consents to GPL sharing with and obtaining from third parties, both inside and outside the European Economic Area and to the extent permitted by law, information held about the Buyer, including personal data as defined under relevant data protection legislation, for the purpose of GPL conducting applicable due diligence and identity checks, and the Buyer agrees that such third parties may retain the information shared in this way.

    (c) Non-satisfaction of the conditions in this clause 9.3, including that Buyer provides information requested by GPL to conduct identity verification, or determine compliance with anti-money laundering requirements, may result in the immediate suspension of Buyer's use of the services and also the termination of this Agreement.

10. Funding Instrument

10.1 You agree that Your Funding Instrument details will be used by GPL to:

    (a) Debit or charge You for the Purchase Amount or the Sending Amount, including all related fees, taxes, or delivery charges, as applicable;

    (b) Process all payments which are required to charge You for any other fees or charges arising from Your use of the Service;

    (c) Where requested by You, pass to a third party for that third party to charge for goods or services it will supply to You. This is an Unregulated Service provided to You by GPL. In such cases, after passing the Funding Instrument details to that third party, GPL will have no further involvement in Your transaction with that third party. This transaction is neither a Purchase Transaction nor a Sending Transaction. You should contact the third party or Your Funding Instrument provider (e.g. credit or debit card provider) directly regarding any issues with such third-party transactions, including refunds and disputes.

10.2 You authorise GPL to confirm that Your Funding Instrument is in good standing with the issuing financial institution or Operator and under Your control, including but not limited to, by submitting a request for a payment authorisation and/or a low value credit and/or debit amount to the Funding Instrument.

10.3 You authorise GPL to obtain a credit report and/or to otherwise make credit or other background enquiries from time to time as GPL may deem appropriate to evaluate Your registration for, or continued use of, the services.

10.4 You agree not to purchase E-money other than for the purpose of undertaking Purchase Transactions and/or Sending Transactions. In particular You agree not to purchase and redeem E-money for the purpose of accumulating rewards that accumulate with use of a particular Funding Instrument, unconnected to any underlying Purchase Transaction or Sending Transaction.
11. Purchase Transactions; Sending Transactions; Operator Billing; Subscriptions/Recurring Transactions

11.1 Purchase Transactions

    (a) GPL agrees to provide the Service to You in order to facilitate Purchase Transactions.

    (b) You must give consent to the execution of a Purchase Transaction for it to be authorised. You agree that by using the Service to purchase a Product from a Seller You are providing consent for the Purchase Transaction to be processed and agree that once consent has been provided by You, the authorised Purchase Transaction can no longer be revoked. You also agree that Sellers may refuse to process any order for a Product for any reason, and that until the Seller has submitted the Payment Order to GPL in accordance with clause 11.1(d), GPL is under no obligation to execute a Purchase Transaction.

    (c) By using the Service GPL will store information which You provide, such as Funding Instrument details and delivery information, and will process Purchase Transactions and Refund Transactions through the appropriate credit card or debit card network, Operator or bank network.

    (d) You can fund Your Purchase Transaction using either Your Funding Instrument, Your Account or a combination of the two. Once You authorise the execution of a Purchase Transaction using one of these options, the Seller may submit the Payment Order to GPL in accordance with GPL policies.

    (e) This clause 11.1(e) only applies if You choose to fund or partially fund the Purchase Transaction with Your Funding Instrument. On receipt of the Payment Order from the Seller, GPL will initiate transfer all of or part (as directed by You) of the Purchase Amount from Your Funding Instrument to GPL. GPL will then issue You with an amount of E-money equal to all or part (as directed by You) of the Purchase Amount at the latest when GPL receives valid corresponding funds from Your Funding Instrument, after which GPL will immediately transfer the Purchase Amount to the Seller's E-Money account. GPL will not be responsible for, and does not control, when GPL receives the funds from Your Funding Instrument. You will be notified, through information in Your Account transaction history, when the Seller has submitted the Payment Order to GPL.

    You hereby expressly authorise GPL to (or to procure a third party to):

        (1) Charge or debit Your Funding Instrument as necessary to purchase E-money to complete the processing of a Purchase Transaction;

        (2) Credit to Your Funding Instrument such amounts as may be necessary to effect any reversal of a Purchase Transaction, refunds, or adjustment to the Purchase Amount, through the Service.

    (f) This clause 11.1(f) only applies if You choose to fund or partially fund the Purchase Transaction with Your Account - (a) Purchase Amount funded only by Your Account - on receipt of the Payment Order from the Seller, GPL will immediately transfer the Purchase Amount from Your Account to the Seller's E-money account; (b) Purchase Amount partially funded by Your Account - when GPL issues You with an amount of E-money corresponding to the part of the Purchase Amount funded by Your Funding Instrument, GPL will immediately transfer the Purchase Amount to the Sellers E-money account.

    (g) Purchase Transactions may be rejected or delayed as provided in clause 6.5.

    (h) You acknowledge and agree that:

        (1) The Seller's sales of Products are transactions between the Seller and You and not with GPL, Google or any of its affiliates, unless GPL, Google, or any of its affiliates is expressly designated as a Seller or Buyer in the transaction; and

        (2) Neither GPL nor Google nor any of its affiliates is a Buyer, a Seller or a party in connection with any Purchase Transaction, unless expressly designated as such in the listing of the Product on a Google website or its terms of service.

        (3) A Seller and GPL, acting on behalf of the Seller, may resubmit a payment transaction relating to Your Funding Instrument for a purchase of E-money or a Product purchase to the payment network for processing one or more times in the event that a prior payment transaction is declined or returned by the payment network.

11.2 Sending Transactions

    (a) You can fund Your Sending Transaction using either Your Funding Instrument, Your Account or a combination of the two.

        (1) You authorise the execution of a Sending Transaction, using these options, by submitting the Payment Order to GPL following GPL's instructions. You will need to provide the email address or other contact information specified by GPL of the recipient of the Sending Amount. You agree that by using the Service to make a Sending Transaction, You are providing consent for the Sending Transaction to be processed. You agree that once consent has been provided by You, the authorised Sending Transaction can no longer be revokedunless the recipient's account has not yet been credited with the Sending Amount, in which case You can revoke the Sending Transaction by following our online instructions or using "Contact us" in the Google Pay Buyer Help Centre. If the Sending Transaction is revoked and Your Account has already been debited, Your Account will be credited with the Sending Amount on the day of the revocation subject to clause 6.5. You may also authorise the execution of a Sending Transaction by giving Your consent for the execution to a PISP.

        (2) In order for the recipient to receive the Sending Amount, he/she must be registered as a Customer of GPL in order to accept the Sending Amount by following GPL's online instructions.

        (3) Where the recipient already has an Account that can receive transfers of E-money, GPL will normally credit the recipient's Account immediately upon the recipient's acceptance of the transfer. Where the recipient does not have an Account that can receive E-money, they will receive a notification and be asked to create an Account that can receive E-money. If the recipient fails to do this within the timeframe notified by GPL to both You and the recipient (which will not be more than 30 days), the Sending Amount will be returned to Your Account.

    (b) This clause 11.2(b) only applies if You choose to fund or partially fund the Sending Transaction with Your Funding Instrument. On receipt of the Payment Order from You, GPL will initiate transfer of all or part (as directed by You) of the Sending Amount from Your Funding Instrument to GPL. GPL will then issue You with an amount of E-money equal to all or part (as directed by You) of the Sending Amount at the latest when GPL receives valid corresponding funds from Your Funding Instrument, after which GPL will immediately transfer the Sending Amount to the E-money account of the person specified in Your Payment Order subject to clause 11.2(a). GPL will not be responsible for, and does not control, when GPL receives the funds from Your Funding Instrument. You will be notified, through information in Your Account transaction history, when You have submitted the Payment Order to GPL and of the status of the Payment Order.

    You hereby expressly authorise GPL to (or to procure a third party to) charge or debit Your Funding Instrument as necessary to purchase E-money to complete the processing of a Sending Transaction.

    (c) This clause 11.2(c) only applies if You choose to fund or partially fund the Sending Transaction with Your Account - (a) Sending Amount funded only by Your Account - on receipt of the Payment Order from You, GPL will immediately transfer the Sending Amount from Your Account to the E-money account of the person specified in Your Payment Order upon his/her acceptance of the Sending Amount subject to clause 11.2(a); (b) Sending Amount partially funded by Your Account - when GPL issues You with an amount of E-money corresponding to the part of the Sending Amount funded by Your Funding Instrument, GPL will immediately transfer the Sending Amount to the E-money account of the person specified in Your Payment Order upon his/her acceptance of the Sending Amount subject to clause 11.2(a).

    (d) Sending Transactions may be rejected or delayed as provided in clause 6.5.

    (e) If a Customer requests a Sending Amount from You through Google Wallet, You may accept or reject the request. If You accept the request, this will constitute a Payment Order by You for the execution of a Sending Transaction. The requested Sending Amount will be funded by Your Funding Instrument, Your Account, or a combination of the two depending on which You specify when You accept the request.

    (f) You may also receive or request a Sending Amount, in which case the provisions in this clause 11.2 will apply to You as the recipient of or as the person requesting the Sending Amount.

    (g) GPL may debit amounts from Your Account that have been paid to Your Account in error and to which You are not entitled.

11.3 Operator Billing.

    (a) Certain Sellers that accept Google Payments may permit You to have Your purchase billed to Your Operator Billing Account. These additional terms apply when You use Operator Billing through Google Payments:

    (b) To register Your Operator Billing Account as a payment option, Google Payments requires Your mobile telephone number, and the name and billing address, including zip code, of the Operator Billing Account associated with that number. You consent to Your Operator providing this information to Google Payments, and You will review the information during sign-up for Operator Billing, and correct any inaccuracies. This information will be used by Google Payments for the purpose of establishing Your Operator Billing Account as a Funding Instrument in Your Google Payments Account, and for operating the Service. You also agree that GPL and Your Operator may share information with each other regarding Your Operator Billing activity in order to charge or credit Your Operator Billing Account and otherwise complete payments for purchases, reversals, refunds or adjustments of Purchase Transactions, Sending Transactions, resolve disputes, provide customer support, and for other Operator Billing-related purposes.

    (c) When You choose to fund a transaction with Operator Billing, You authorise the Seller and/or GPL to submit charges and credits to Your Operator, and Your Operator to make such charges and credits to Your Operator Billing Account, as necessary, to complete the Purchase Transaction, the Sending Transaction, or the reversal, refund, or adjustment of the transaction.

    (d) You can use Operator Billing to purchase applications (e.g. downloadable or networked applications, wallpapers, ringtones, games, and productivity tools) ("Apps") for and with Your compatible device from certain merchants on Google Play. These Apps are not sold by Your Operator , Google, GPL, or Google Play. You can identify the Seller of the App at the point of purchase.

    (e) Funding of transactions made through Operator Billing is also subject to the terms & conditions of Your Operator Billing Account. You are responsible for any charges and related fees that may be imposed under Your Operator Billing Account terms & conditions as a result of Your use of Operator Billing.

    (f) You may contact Your Operator's customer service if You have a question about the charges or fees billed to Your Operator Billing Account. If You have a question regarding Google Payments related matters, You may contact Google Payments customer service. You should direct support questions regarding products, such as Google Play Apps, purchased through Operator Billing to the Seller from whom You purchased the App.

    (g)None of Operator, Google , GPL, or Google Play is responsible for any product (including an App) purchased with Operator Billing, including download, installation, use, transmission failure, interruption, or delay, refunds, third-party advertisements You may encounter while using the product or App, alterations any App may make to the functionality of Your device, including any changes that may affect Your Operator's plan, service, or billing, or any content or website You may be able to access through the App.

11.4 Subscriptions/Recurring Transactions

    (a) In the event that the Service offers You the ability to pay for subscriptions, Your subscription will start when You click "Accept & buy" (or equivalent phrase) on a subscription purchase. This is a recurring billing transaction and You will be charged automatically on a periodic basis. Unless otherwise stated, Your subscription and the relevant billing authorisation will continue indefinitely until cancelled by You.

    (b) By clicking "Accept & buy" (or equivalent phrase), You authorise the applicable Seller to issue a Payment Order for a Purchase Transaction funded by Your chosen Funding Instrument and/or Your Account each designated billing period for the subscription for the Purchase Amount (e.g. weekly, monthly or annually). You further authorise the applicable Seller to charge the Purchase Amount to the alternate Funding Instrument, if You have selected one in Your Google Payments Account, in the event that the Seller is unable to charge to Your designated Funding Instrument for any reason.

    The Purchase Amount will continue to be charged each period to Your designated Funding Instrument or alternate Funding Instrument (if applicable) each billing period, until You cancel Your subscription, unless as otherwise stated in the terms and conditions. The Purchase Amount is subject to change by the Seller during the subscription period.

    (c) The start of the billing period for the subscription will be billed each period based on the date of the subscription purchase.

    (d) You may cancel a subscription at any time by following the process described here, but the cancellation will not become effective until the end of the current billing period. You will not receive a refund for the current billing period. You will continue to be able to access the relevant subscription for the remainder of the current billing period.

    (e) We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future.

    (f)You have the right to a refund of an authorised Purchase Transaction that is part of a subscription if: (i) You request the refund within eight (8) weeks of the debit date of the Purchase Transaction; (ii) the Purchase Order did not specify the Purchase Amount when You authorised the Purchase Transaction; and (iii) the Purchase Amount debited exceeds the amount that You could reasonably have expected taking into account Your previous spending pattern, this Agreement and the circumstances of the case. GPL may ask You to provide additional information that is reasonably necessary to investigate the refund claim. Any refund or a justification for refusing a refund will be provided within ten (10) Business Days following the refund request, or, if GPL has asked You for additional information, within ten (10) Business Days of receiving the information.

12. Reserved

13. Permissible Purchase Transactions and Sending Transactions

13.1 You may only use the Service to process a Purchase Transaction for a Product that is purchased from a Seller through a legitimate, bona fide sale of the Product, or for charitable donations made to Seller where Seller identifies its primary product type as non-profit and is verified by GPL as a registered and certified non-profit organisation.. The Service may not be used to process a Purchase Transaction, or otherwise transfer any E-money or monetary value to a Seller that is unrelated to a purchase of a Product, or for charitable donations made to Seller that does not identify its primary product type as non-profit and is not verified by GPL as a registered and certified non-profit organisation.

13.2 The Service may not be used to receive cash advances from Sellers or to facilitate the purchase of cash equivalents (travellers' cheques, prepaid cards, money orders etc.). You may not use the Service to:

    (a) Process Purchase Transactions in connection with the sale or exchange of any goods or services which are illegal to sell or purchase in the country in which You are resident or accessing the Service from;

    (b) Process Purchase Transactions in connection with the sale or exchange of any goods or services which are illegal to sell or purchase in the country in which the Seller is resident or uses the Service from; or

    (c) Use the Service in connection with any other underlying illegal transaction.

13.3 You agree that You will not use the Service to process Purchase Transactions for any Products that violate the Agreement, other policies or rules applicable to the Service (as updated from time to time) or applicable law. The current policy that establishes the Products and other transactions that may not be paid for with the Service is provided here. Failure to comply with these limitations may result in suspension or termination of Your use of the Service.

13.4 You agree that You will not use the Service to process Sending Transactions that violate the Agreement, other policies or rules applicable to the Service (as updated from time to time) or applicable law. In addition, if You process a Sending Transaction in relation to the purchase of goods or services, You must not purchase any goods or services that violate the Agreement, applicable law, other policies or rules applicable to the Service, or any of the items set out in the policy provided here. Failure to comply with these limitations may result in suspension or termination of Your use of the Service.

14. Service Fees; Foreign Exchange; Interest

14.1 GPL will not charge You a fee to use the Service. However, other taxes or costs imposed by third parties may apply to Your use of the Service. For example, You agree and understand that the financial institution or Carrier that issues Your Funding Instrument may charge You a fee in connection with the debiting or charging of the Funding Instrument resulting from the Purchase Transaction or Sending Transaction. You should consult the terms and conditions governing Your Funding Instrument for more information about any such fees.

14.2 GPL will not perform any foreign currency exchange as part of the Service.

14.3 GPL will not charge You any interest in Your use of the Service.

15. Disputes and Service Disputes

15.1 GPL will provide various tools to assist You in communicating with Sellers to resolve a Dispute that may arise with respect to a Purchase Transaction processed through the Service. If You are unable to resolve a Dispute, GPL can mediate a Dispute between You and a Seller, if either party requests assistance. If this occurs, GPL will review the Dispute and propose a non-binding solution, if appropriate. For more detailed information, please see our Frequently Asked Questions.

15.2 GPL may offer a feedback or other ranking system on the Service to assist You in evaluating Your experiences of using the Service. You acknowledge that any such feedback or ranking system represents solely the opinion of other users of the Service, and is not an opinion, representation, or warranty by GPL with respect to other users of the Service.

15.3 Any claim or dispute arising under the Agreement, including a Service Dispute, or as a result of the provision of the Service by GPL should in the first instance be referred to GPL's customer service through the Buyer Help Centre. More information on the internal complaint handling procedures can be found here. You may refer any complaints not resolved to Your satisfaction to the Financial Ombudsman Service. You may contact the Financial Ombudsman by post: Exchange Tower, London E14 9SR; telephone: 0800 023 4567 or 0300 123 9 123; website: http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk; and e-mail: complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk.

You may also refer any complaints not resolved to Your satisfaction to the Financial Ombudsman Service using the European Commissions online dispute resolution platform at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/?event=main.adr.show.

16. Refunds and redemption

16.1 When You purchase E-money using Your Funding Instrument, You will be spending it immediately on the purchase of Products, so You will not be able to redeem it. In the event of a Refund Transaction from a Seller or from GPL, the E-money will be redeemed and the funds credited back to Your Funding Instrument.

16.2 You can store E-money in Your Account. You can load additional funds onto Your Account by purchasing E-money using Your Funding Instrument by, amongst other methods, visiting payments.google.com and following instructions set out there. At any time during the Agreement You can redeem in part or in full the E-money in Your Account by making a redemption request to GPL by visiting payments.google.com. GPL will without delay redeem the requested amount of E-money and initiate transfer of the amount to Your designated bank or building society account subject to (i) the successful completion of applicable anti-money laundering, fraud and other illegal activity checks and (ii) the successful completion of GPL's processes to verify that the bank or building society account is Yours (for example, by GPL depositing a small amount of money in the bank or building society account and asking You to confirm how much was deposited).

16.3 If after termination of the Agreement there is an amount of E-money outstanding on Your Account, and subject to the successful completion of applicable anti-money laundering, fraud and other illegal activity checks, GPL will without delay redeem the full amount of the outstanding E-money and initiate transfer of the amount to Your designated bank or building society account.

16.4 If the outstanding amount of E-money cannot be redeemed in accordance with clause 16.3, You will have six (6) years following the termination of the Agreement to request the redemption of the outstanding amount in full, after which time any E-money left in Your Account becomes the property of GPL. For the purposes of this clause 16.4 only, the Agreement is deemed to have terminated when You no longer have the right to use Your E-money for the purpose of making Purchase Transactions and Sending Transactions, including but not limited to instances when Your Account is suspended as permitted under the Agreement. If Your right to use Your E-money is restored within six (6) years, the deemed termination will not be effective. GPL may, in its discretion, restore Your Account and any associated E-money after the 6 year period has elapsed. Any redemption made pursuant to this clause 16.4 is subject to the successful completion of applicable anti-money laundering, fraud and other illegal activity checks and You agree to provide the information requested by GPL in order for GPL to complete these checks.

16.5 Nothing in clause 16.4 limits GPL's right to terminate the Agreement pursuant to clause 19.4 and/or redeem pursuant to clause 16.3.

17. Your liability

17.1 In the event of an unauthorised or incorrectly executed Purchase Transaction or Sending Transaction, You are only entitled to redress under this clause 17 if You notify GPL of the unauthorised or incorrectly executed Purchase Transaction or Sending Transaction without undue delay upon becoming aware of the transaction, and in any case no later than thirteen (13) months after the debit date (which will be the same date that the funds have been taken from Your Funding Instrument or Account). However, this time limit does not apply if GPL did not provide or make available the relevant transaction information to You as required by law (for example, in Your online Account transaction history).

17.2 Where You are entitled to redress in the case of an unauthorised Purchase or Sending Transaction, GPL will refund the amount of the unauthorised Purchase Transaction or Sending Transaction as soon as practicable, and in any event no later than the end of the Business Day on which GPL becomes aware of any such transaction, and, where applicable, restore Your Account to the state it would have been in had the unauthorised Purchase Transaction or Sending Transaction not taken place. In practice this means that E-money equivalent to the value of the transaction in question will be credited to Your Account, redeemed and immediately credited back to Your Funding Instrument if the transaction was funded by Your Funding Instrument, or credited to Your Account if the transaction was funded by Your Account. Where GPL has reasonable grounds to suspect fraudulent behaviour by You in relation to Your claim for an unauthorised transaction, GPL will first conduct an investigation before deciding whether to refund, and will notify You of the outcome of the investigation as soon as possible.

17.3 Where GPL has incorrectly executed a Purchase or Sending Transaction, GPL will without undue delay refund the amount of the incorrectly executed Purchase or Sending Transaction and, where applicable, restore Your Account to the state it would have been in had the incorrectly executed Purchase Transaction or Sending Transaction not taken place. GPL will, at Your request, make immediate efforts to trace any incorrectly executed Purchase or Sending Transaction and notify You of the outcome.

17.4 If You have acted fraudulently or have with intent or gross negligence failed to comply with the aspects of the Agreement relating to Your Account, You will be liable for all losses incurred in respect of unauthorised transactions, and if a refund has already been made in such cases, GPL has the right to debit Your Account with the amount of the refund. GPL may conduct an investigation prior to or after a refund for an unauthorised transaction.

18. No Endorsement of Products

18.1 GPL does not represent or endorse, and will not be responsible for: (a) The safety, quality, accuracy, reliability, integrity or legality of any Product, the truth or accuracy of the description of Products, or of any Content displayed or distributed, purchased or paid through the Service; or (b) Your ability to buy Products or the ability of Sellers to deliver Products to You.

18.2 GPL reserves the right, but will have no responsibility, to edit, modify, refuse to post or remove any Content, in whole or in part, that in GPL's sole and absolute discretion is objectionable, erroneous, illegal, fraudulent or otherwise in violation of the Agreement.

19. Ending Your relationship with GPL

19.1 The Agreement will continue to apply until terminated by either You or GPL as set out below.

19.2 If You want to terminate Your legal agreement with GPL, You may do so immediately and without charge at any time by:

    (a) Notifying GPL in accordance with clause 23.5 below; and

    (b) Closing Your Accounts for the Service.

    Your right to terminate under this clause 19.2 includes Your statutory right of withdrawal from the Agreement under the applicable legislation implementing Directive 2002/65/EC.

19.3 GPL may at any time terminate its legal agreement with You without notice if: (a) You have breached any material provision of the Agreement (or have acted in manner that clearly shows that You do not intend to, or are unable to comply with the material provisions of the Agreement); or (b) GPL is required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the Service to You is, or becomes, unlawful).

19.4 Unless a shorter period is provided in this Agreement, as permitted by law, GPL may at any time terminate the Agreement by giving You two (2) months' notice.

19.5 When this Agreement comes to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that You and GPL have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the Agreement has been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, will be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of clause 24.6 will continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.

20. Exclusion of Warranties

20.1 GPL, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates (and their licensors) make no express warranties or representations with respect to the provision of the services.

20.2 In particular, GPL, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates (and their licensors) do not represent or warrant to You that:

    (a) Your use of the services will meet Your requirements;

    (b) Your use of the services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error; and

    (c) Any information obtained by You as a result of Your use of the services will be accurate or reliable.

20.3 No conditions, warranties or other terms (including any implied terms as to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or conformance with description) apply to the services except to the extent that they are expressly set out in the Agreement.

20.4 Nothing in the Agreement will affect those statutory rights which You are always entitled to as a consumer and that You cannot contractually agree to alter or waive.

21. Limitation of Liability

21.1 Nothing in the Agreement will exclude or limit GPL's liability for losses which may not be lawfully excluded or limited by applicable law.

21.2 Subject to clause 21.1 above, GPL, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates (and its licensors) will not be liable to You for: (a) Any indirect or consequential losses which may be incurred by You. This will include any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly), any loss of goodwill or business reputation, or any loss of data suffered by You; (b) Any loss or damage which may be incurred by You as a result of: (i) Any reliance placed by You on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, or as a result of any relationship or transaction between You and any advertiser or sponsor whose advertising appears on the GPL Website; (ii) Any change which GPL may make to the services, or any permanent or temporary cessation in the provision of the services (or any features within the services); (iii) Malfunction of the services; (iv) The deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store any communications data maintained or transmitted by or through Your use of the services; (v) Your failure to provide GPL with accurate account information; and (vi) Any fraudulent use of the services by You.

21.3 However, GPL will reimburse You for any charges or interest which You incur as a consequence of the non-execution or incorrect execution by GPL of a Purchase Transaction or Sending Transaction.

22. Changes to the Agreement

22.1 You agree that GPL may make changes to the Agreement from time to time. When these changes are made, GPL will, except where a shorter period is provided in this Agreement, as permitted by law, give You two (2) months' notice of such changes by email sent to Your email address before their proposed date of entry into force.

22.2 You understand and agree that You will be deemed to have accepted the changes unless You notify GPL to the contrary by notice as provided in clause 23.5 prior to the date on which the changes are to come into effect, in which case the Agreement will terminate without charge immediately before the effective date of the changes. You also have the right to terminate the Agreement immediately and without charge at any time before the effective date of the changes.

22.3 Nothing in this clause 22 will limit: (a) GPL's right to update and revise its policies from time to time or to add new features from time to time without prior notice, which may be accepted by You by using the new feature. Such revisions may take place using a method chosen at GPL's discretion and such method may include email communication, or publication on a Google website;

    (b) The parties' right to vary the terms of this clause 22 where the variation is not prohibited by law and both parties agree to it.

22.4 Changes to an Unregulated Service can be introduced by email with fourteen (14) days' notice.

23. Communications and Notices

23.1 All information will be made available or provided to You in an easily accessible manner, in easily understandable language, in a clear and comprehensible form and in English.

23.2 Statements, notices and other communications to You may be made by mail, email, postings on GPL Website or other reasonable means.

23.3 GPL may communicate with You regarding the services by means of electronic communications, including (a) sending email to Your email address, or (b) posting notices or communications on GPL Website. You agree that GPL may send electronic communications to You in relation to any matter relating to Your use of the services including the Agreement (and revisions or amendments to the Agreement), notices or disclosures regarding the services and payment authorisations. Particular communications will be handled as follows:

    The Agreement will be provided to You at the sign-up in a printable form;
    Changes to this Agreement after the sign-up will be provided in an email sent to Your email address;
    Except where this Agreement provides otherwise, a notice to terminate this Agreement will be provided in an email sent to Your email address;
    Information about Purchase, Sending and Refund Transactions will be made available in Your online Account transaction history in Google payments centre and You can view Your Account balance in Google Payments centre under Google Pay balance;
    Information about a suspension of the Service will be made available in Your online Account transaction history; and
    Information about the rejection of Purchase, Sending and Refund Transactions will be made available in Your online Account transaction history.

23.4 You should maintain copies of electronic communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy, and information that is provided to You in an electronic format is provided under the assumption that You will be able to print or save such information.

23.5 Any notice sent to GPL under the Agreement should be sent by registered post to Google Payment Limited,5 New Street Square, London EC4A 3TW, United Kingdom, and marked for the attention of "Google Payments Team", with the exception that:

    Notification of loss, theft, unauthorised use, or security breach should be sent as soon as possible through the Buyer Help Centre.
    Notification of termination of this Agreement should be sent through the Buyer Help Centre.
    Notification under clause 22.2 should be sent through the Buyer Help Centre.

23.6 You will be able to view Your transactions free of charge in Your online Account transaction history, which is updated at least monthly, and You agree not to receive paper statements. From 13 July 2018 GPL will send You a link to Your online transaction history by email monthly and free of charge unless You separately request GPL not to receive the monthly statement by email, and request to have the information about Your transactions made available to You in Your online Account transaction history only. Upon Your request we may at our discretion provide You with additional statements, paper or otherwise, of the transactions but in this case we may charge You a reasonable administration fee.

23.7 If GPL needs to contact You in the event of suspected or actual fraud or security threats, GPL will send an email to Your primary email address prompting You to contact GPL. In addition, GPL may also send an email to Your secondary email address, or an SMS to Your phone number, if provided.

24. General legal terms

24.1 The headings to the clauses of this Agreement are for ease of reference only and will not affect the interpretation or construction of the Agreement.

24.2 Reference to any statute or statutory provision includes a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended, extended or re-enacted.

24.3 Unless otherwise expressly stated in the Agreement, all amounts stated in the Agreement are denominated in Pounds Sterling.

24.4 The Agreement constitutes the whole legal agreement between You and GPL and governs Your use of the services (but excludes any services that GPL may provide to You under a separate written agreement), and completely replaces any prior agreements between You and GPL in relation to the services.

24.5 You agree that if GPL does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Agreement (or which GPL has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of GPL's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to GPL.

24.6 If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on a matter relating to the Agreement, rules that any provision of the Agreement is invalid then that provision will be removed from the Agreement without affecting the rest of the Agreement. The remaining provisions of the Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable.

24.7 You may not assign the benefit of the Agreement, or otherwise subcontract or transfer any of Your rights or obligations under the Agreement, without the prior written approval of GPL. GPL may assign the benefit, or otherwise subcontract or transfer its rights and obligations under the Agreement, to any third party without notice to You and without Your consent except where this results in a change to Your Payment Service Rights or Redemption Rights under the Agreement, in which case GPL will provide You with a notice in accordance with clause 22.

24.8 You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which GPL is the parent will be a third-party beneficiary to the Agreement and that such other companies will be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the Agreement which confers a benefit on (or rights in favour of) them. Other than this, no other person or company will be a third-party beneficiary to the Agreement.

24.9 The Agreement, and Your relationship with GPL arising out of or relating to the Agreement, will be governed by the law of England and Wales. If You are resident elsewhere in the UK, any relevant consumer protection law of Your home jurisdiction that exceeds the consumer protection law of England and Wales will also apply. All disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. If You are resident elsewhere in the UK, the Agreement will be subject to the relevant court in Your home jurisdiction (i.e. Scotland or Northern Ireland). Notwithstanding the rest of this clause 24.9, You agree that GPL will still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.

24.10 E-money, and therefore the Service, is not subject to the Financial Services Compensation Scheme nor any public or private insurance scheme

 GRINDR TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE

Welcome to Grindr LLC’s (“Grindr”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) mobile device software application (the “Grindr Software”), website, and any other mobile or web services or applications owned, controlled, or offered by Grindr now or in the future (collectively, the “Grindr Services”). For clarity, any reference herein to “Grindr Services” includes the “Grindr Software.” Users who access, download, use, purchase and/or subscribe to the Grindr Services (collectively or individually “You” or “Your” or “User” or “Users”) must do so under the following Terms and Conditions of Service (this “Agreement”).

THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND GRINDR. BEFORE USING ANY GRINDR SERVICES, PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, USING, PURCHASING AND/OR SUBSCRIBING TO THE GRINDR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT, THEN PLEASE CEASE USING THE GRINDR SERVICES IMMEDIATELY.

SECTION 21  OF THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US ARE RESOLVED. IN PARTICULAR, THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT IN THAT SECTION WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US TO BE SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION, UNLESS YOU OPT OUT. IN ADDITION: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND NOT IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING; AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON YOUR CLAIMS. PLEASE SEE SECTION 21 FOR MORE INFORMATION REGARDING THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, AND HOW TO OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.

IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN UNION, UNITED KINGDOM, OR CERTAIN OTHER COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE REFER TO THE SPECIAL TERMS FOR INTERNATIONAL USERS (“SPECIAL TERMS”). IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF ANY OF THE COUNTRIES NOTED IN THE SPECIAL TERMS, YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS OR CERTAIN PARTS OF THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH AS THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

We recommend that you save a copy of this Agreement for your records. You may receive a copy of this Agreement by emailing Us at: help@grindr.com, Subject: Terms of Service Agreement.

    AGE RESTRICTIONS AND SAFETY.

    NO USE BY UNDERAGE PERSONS. NO PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS (OR TWENTY-ONE (21) YEARS IN PLACES WHERE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS IS NOT THE AGE OF MAJORITY) MAY DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY VIEW, POSSESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE GRINDR SERVICES.
    YOU MUST BE A LEGAL ADULT.  YOU HEREBY REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE OR OVER (OR TWENTY-ONE (21) YEARS IN PLACES WHERE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS IS NOT THE AGE OF MAJORITY) AND YOU ARE CAPABLE OF LAWFULLY ENTERING INTO AND PERFORMING ALL THE OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.
    SAFETY.  GRINDR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES OR FOR THE ACTIONS OF OTHER USERS WITH WHOM YOU MAY EXCHANGE INFORMATION OR HAVE CONTACT. GRINDR DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL OR OTHER BACKGROUND SCREENINGS OF ITS USERS. GRINDR DOES NOT VERIFY THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY USERS WITH RESPECT TO USERS’ IDENTITY, HEALTH, PHYSICAL CONDITION, OR OTHERWISE. GRINDR ALSO IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ACTIVITIES OR LEGAL CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR USE IN LOCATIONS WHICH MAY ATTEMPT TO CRIMINALIZE OR LIMIT YOUR PERSONAL INTERACTIONS. YOU MUST MAKE YOUR OWN INFORMED DECISIONS ABOUT USE OF THE APPLICATION IN YOUR LOCATION AND ASSESS ANY POTENTIAL ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES.

    WARNING: IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER ABOUT LOCATION DATA.  THE GRINDR SERVICES ARE INTENDED ONLY AS PERSONAL, LOCATION-BASED SERVICES FOR INDIVIDUAL USE AND SHOULD NOT BE USED OR RELIED ON AS AN EMERGENCY LOCATOR SYSTEM, USED WHILE DRIVING OR OPERATING VEHICLES, OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE, OR ANY OTHER APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FAILURE OR INACCURACY OF THAT APPLICATION OR THE GRINDR SERVICES COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR PROPERTY DAMAGE. GRINDR IS NOT SUITED OR INTENDED FOR FAMILY FINDING PURPOSES, FLEET TRACKING, OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF BUSINESS OR ENTERPRISE USE. OTHER PRODUCTS EXIST TODAY THAT MAY BE USED SPECIFICALLY FOR THESE PURPOSES.

    INTERNATIONAL USERS.
        Use Outside the United States of America.  The Grindr Services are controlled and offered by Grindr from the United States of America and, regardless of Your place of residence, Your use of them is governed by the law of the State of California, USA. Grindr makes no representations that the Grindr Services are appropriate for use in other locations or are legal in all jurisdictions. Those who access or use the Grindr Services from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with local law. You consent to the transfer and processing of Your data in the United States of America and any other jurisdiction throughout the world. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect, use and transfer your data.
        Special Terms.  If You are a resident of certain countries, including those in the European Union and United Kingdom, You may have additional rights or certain parts of this Agreement may not apply to You if required by the law of Your jurisdiction. Please refer to the Special Terms for International Users for further detail.
        English Language.  Grindr may provide translations of this Agreement and local-language versions of the Grindr Services for the convenience and enjoyment of its international users. This Agreement was written in English and to the extent the translated version of this Agreement is inconsistent with the English version, the English version will control. Similarly, Grindr reserves the right to correct translation errors and similar issues occasioned by the offering of local language versions of this Agreement and the Grindr Services.

    YOUR ACCOUNT REGISTRATION; YOUR ACCOUNT USE.

    Your Account Registration.  If You create an account on any of the Grindr Services (a “User Account”) and submit information to Us, You must ensure that such information is accurate. You must promptly update such information if it changes.
    Accounts are for Your Use Only.  You may not use anyone else’s account at any time. You may not buy, sell, rent, or lease access to Your User Account or Your username without Our written permission. You will not share or otherwise transfer Your User Account or credentials.
    Security of Your Account.  You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your password and account. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under Your account. You agree to notify Grindr immediately of any unauthorized use of Your account or any other breach of security. We will not be liable for any loss, damages, liability, expenses or attorneys’ fees that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your password or account, either with or without Your knowledge.
    We Have No Obligation to Retain a Record of Your Account. Grindr has no obligation to retain a record of Your account or any data or information that You may have stored for Your convenience by means of Your account or the Grindr Services. The Grindr Services are not intended for data storage. You are solely responsible for backing up your data (e.g., separately saving the contact information of individuals you meet through the Grindr Services).

    PRIVACY POLICY.  Our collection, use, and sharing of personal and other information about You is subject to Our Privacy Policy. You consent to the collection, retention, use, and sharing of this information as set forth in Our Privacy Policy.

    SERVICE MODIFICATIONS.  We reserve the right, at Our discretion, to modify, add, or discontinue the Grindr Services or any portion thereof, at any time, for any reason, and without liability to You except as provided in this Section 6. However, We reserve the right to make such modifications, additions, or discontinuances without such notice if needed to comply with law, protect or enforce legal rights, or otherwise to address or prevent an emergency. If We make material changes to the Premium Services that: (a) reduce the functionality available to You on such Premium Service and (b) are mandatory (i.e., do not require You to update the Grindr Software to become effective); You may terminate Your account accordingly within ten (10) days of such modifications (as provided in Section 11.2) and receive a pro-rata refund for any amounts pre-paid, but unused for such Premium Services. We reserve the right at any time to charge fees for access to all or portions of the Grindr Services and change any such pricing at any time provided that any changes will not affect the fees for any Premium Services that You have already paid for.

    OUR OWNERSHIP; OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.  The Grindr Services are owned and operated by Grindr. The Grindr Services, content, visual interfaces, information, graphics, design, compilation, computer code, products, software, services, including the mobile device applications, and all other elements of the Grindr Services (collectively, the “Materials”) are protected by United States copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international laws and conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. All Materials contained in the Grindr Services are the property of Grindr or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names displayed on the Grindr Services are proprietary to Grindr or its affiliates and/or third-party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by Grindr under this Agreement, You agree not to sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise use the Materials.

    GUIDELINES OF YOUR USE; USAGE RULES; PROHIBITED CONDUCT & USES.
        GRINDR’S USER PROFILE GUIDELINES, located at http://www.grindr.com/community-guidelines/ (the “Guidelines”), as amended from time to time, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. Please read the Guidelines carefully before using the Grindr Services.
        WE MAY DELETE YOUR SUBMISSIONS AND WE MAY BAN YOUR ACCOUNT. Grindr may require that You delete, or Grindr may delete, any User Content (as defined below) at any time for any reason, or no reason whatsoever. Any violation of the Guidelines or this Agreement by Your User Content, as determined by Grindr, may result in Your User Account being banned and may lead to the termination of Your access to the Grindr Services.
        YOU UNDERSTAND AND HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS REGARDING PROHIBITED CONDUCT AND USES LISTED BELOW:

    You will NOT use the Grindr Services or any information displayed within the Grindr Services to “stalk,” harass, abuse, defame, threaten or defraud other Users; violate the privacy or other rights of Users; or collect, attempt to collect, store, or disclose without permission the location or personal information about other Users;
    You will NOT include offensive or pornographic materials, or materials that are harmful in Your Grindr Services personal profile page;
    You will NOT use the Grindr Services for any commercial or non-private use, such as the sale or advertisement of goods or services, and You will use the Grindr Services for personal, non-commercial use only in the manner and for the purposes that We intend;
    You will NOT use the Grindr Services for the commission or encouragement of any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law, including laws governing criminal acts, prohibited or controlled substances, intellectual property and other proprietary rights, data protection and privacy, and import or export control;
    You will NOT include material on Your personal profile page which contains video, audio, photographs, or images of any person under the age of eighteen (18) at all or any person over the age of eighteen (18) without his or her express permission;
    You will NOT make unsolicited offers, advertisements, proposals, or send junk mail to other Users of the Grindr Services. This includes unsolicited advertising, promotional materials or other solicitation material, bulk mailing of commercial advertising, chain mail, informational announcements, charity requests, and petitions for signatures, surveying or requests to participate in surveys or studies;
    You will NOT impersonate any person or entity, falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity, or access the Grindr User Accounts of other Users;
    You will NOT misrepresent the source, identity or content of information transmitted via the Grindr Services;
    You will NOT display the Grindr application or profile data on any external display or monitor or in any public setting;
    You will NOT remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Grindr Services, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Grindr Services, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Grindr Services;
    You will NOT intentionally interfere with or damage operation of the Grindr Services or any User’s enjoyment of them, by any means, including uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, worms, or other malicious code;
    You will NOT post, store, send, transmit, or disseminate any information or material which a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, defamatory, libelous, offensive, obscene, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, distressing, vulgar, hateful, racially or ethnically or otherwise offensive to any group or individual, intentionally misleading, false, or otherwise inappropriate, regardless of whether this material or its dissemination is unlawful;
    You will NOT post, store, send, transmit, or disseminate any information or material which infringes any patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, or any other rights of any person;
    You will NOT use the Grindr Services with any products, systems, or applications installed or otherwise connected to or in communication with vehicles, or otherwise capable of vehicle navigation, positioning, dispatch, real time route guidance, fleet management, or similar applications;
    You will NOT use the Grindr Services in connection with hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance or any application in which the failure or inaccuracy of that application or the Grindr Services could lead to death, personal injury, or physical or property damage;
    You will NOT attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Grindr Services, or any part of it, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Grindr Services, or any part of it, through hacking, password mining or any other means, or interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Grindr Services or any activities conducted on the Grindr Service;
    You will NOT probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Grindr Services or any system or network; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Grindr Services for any purpose without Our express written permission; bypass Our robot exclusion headers or other measures that We may use to prevent or restrict access to the Grindr Services; modify the Grindr Services in any manner or form; use or develop any application or other product that interacts with the Grindr Services or provides access to other Users’ content or information without Our written permission; or use modified versions of the Grindr Services, including for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Grindr Services; and
    You will NOT interfere with anyone’s ability to use or enjoy the Grindr Service, or aid or encourage any activity prohibited by this Agreement.

    PREMIUM SERVICES; PURCHASES.
        Premium Services. Certain Services, such as Grindr Xtra or Grindr Unlimited, may be available only through creation of a User Account and payment of a fee (“Premium Services”). Through such accounts, You will have access to such Premium Services for a fixed term, which will automatically renew. The term, renewal period, and the total cost of each Premium Services offering will be provided within the Grindr Services or otherwise where the Premium Services are offered.
        PREMIUM SERVICES AUTOMATICALLY RENEW.  PREMIUM SERVICES AUTOMATICALLY RENEW CONTINUOUSLY AT THE END OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD, AND YOUR PAYMENT METHOD WILL BE CHARGED THE THEN-CURRENT RENEWAL PRICE (PLUS APPLICABLE TAXES) AUTOMATICALLY, WITHOUT ANY ADDITIONAL ACTION BY YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE PREMIUM SERVICES AUTOMATICALLY RENEW UNLESS YOU CANCEL THEM OR WE SUSPEND OR TERMINATE THEM IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT.
        CANCELLATION POLICY.  YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR PREMIUM SERVICES AT ANY TIME, SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IN ORDER TO CANCEL, YOU MUST FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN IN THE GRINDR SERVICES. THERE ARE NO CANCELLATION FEES. INSTRUCTIONS FOR CANCELLING PREMIUM SERVICES MAY BE OBTAINED BY EMAIL REQUEST TO help@grindr.com.
        Trial Premiums.  Access to Grindr Premium Services may from time to time be made available on a time-limited free trial basis (a “Trial” or “Trial Premiums”). Please note that this Agreement also applies to any Trial. You may be asked to provide Your credit or debit card information when registering for a Trial. In such event, Your credit or debit card will only be charged if You do not cancel Your Trial before the end of the Trial period. If We ask for Your credit or debit card information and You do not affirmatively cancel before the end of the Trial, then Your Trial may be converted into a paid subscription and Your credit or debit card may be charged the subscription fee in effect at the time Your Trial first began. Trial Premiums are not available to former Users of Premium Services or Users who have previously received a free trial and cancelled it prior to paying for Premium Services.
        Purchases.  We reserve the right to correct errors (whether by changing information on the Grindr Services or by informing You of the error and giving You an opportunity to cancel Your order) or to update information at any time without notice. We may grant or deny cancellation requests for individual orders in Our sole and absolute discretion. All sales are final.
        Promo Codes.  Grindr may, from time to time in its sole discretion, offer certain promotional codes for discounts. Promotional codes are non-transferable and are not redeemable for cash, credit, or toward previous purchases. There is no cash alternative. Furthermore, promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotional discount, and must be redeemed by the date published, if provided. Lost promotional codes cannot be replaced. Limit one promotional code per customer. Promotional codes are void where prohibited. Any promotional program may be terminated or modified by Grindr at any time in Our sole discretion.
        Payments Are Non-Refundable.  Unless expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement (including Section 24 where You are a resident in certain states in the United States and the Special Terms where You are a resident of certain countries), any and all payments made to Grindr are final and all charges are nonrefundable. Cancellations are effective the following billing period in which payment is due, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement.
        Taxes. Unless specified otherwise at the time of purchase, all payments to Grindr are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and You are responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties.
        Microtransactions. From time to time, You may be able to purchase a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to certain add-on features for use solely in the Grindr Services (collectively, “Microtransactions”). Grindr reserves the right to charge fees, in its sole discretion, for the right to access or use add-on features and/or may distribute add-on features with or without charge. Grindr may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Microtransactions and/or add-on features at any time. Any add-on feature balance shown in Your User Account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of Your license. Add-on features do not incur fees for non-use; however, the license granted to You from Microtransactions will terminate in accordance with the terms of this Agreement when We cease providing the Grindr Services or Your User Account is otherwise closed or terminated. Grindr shall have no liability to You or any third party in the event that Grindr exercises any such rights. The provision of add-on features for use in the Grindr Services is a service that commences immediately upon the acceptance of such Microtransactions. ALL MICROTRANSACTIONS MADE THROUGH THE GRINDR SERVICES ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT GRINDR IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED ADD-ON FEATURES WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.

    YOUR USAGE.
        You acknowledge that some of the Grindr Services may only be accessed by downloading the Grindr Software to a mobile device. You will not have the opportunity to view Your User Content (including chat) unless You have downloaded the Grindr Software and registered an account.
        GRINDR RESERVES THE RIGHT, BUT HAS NO OBLIGATION, TO MONITOR ANY USER’S USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES, INCLUDING A USER’S REGISTRATION OR MESSAGING, AS WELL AS A USER’S USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE LOCATION INFORMATION AND PROFILES OF OTHER USERS. ACCORDINGLY, GRINDR ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO (A) DISABLE ANY USER’S USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE GRINDR SERVICES, INCLUDING THE LOCATION INFORMATION OR PROFILES OF OTHER USERS OR (B) TERMINATE ANY USER’S ACCOUNT, FOR ANY REASON AND WITHOUT ANY NOTICE OR OUR BEING LIABLE TO YOU. REFUNDS WILL ONLY BE GIVEN WHERE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
        You alone are responsible for Your involvement with other Users and for all content and material that You provide to the Grindr Services. You agree that Grindr will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. Grindr reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disagreements between You and other Users.
        Grindr does not control the content of User Accounts and profiles. Grindr has the right, but does not have any obligation, to monitor such content for any purpose. You acknowledge that You are solely responsible for all content and material that You provide to the Grindr Services.

    OUR REFUSAL OR SUSPENSION OF YOUR SERVICE.
        You may terminate Your Account at any time for any reason, by following the instructions given in the Grindr Services. Upon the cancellation of Your account, this Agreement will immediately terminate, except as provided in Section 25.4 below.
        If You have a User Account set up for recurring billing for a Premium Service, You may cancel Your User Account at any time. You will continue to have the same access for any billing period or periods for which You have paid.
        Grindr may suspend or terminate any User Account You have with the Grindr Services or Your access to or use of the Grindr Services or any portion thereof, if Grindr believes that Your profile content or Your conduct within the Grindr Services violates Our Terms of Service or you have otherwise breached this Agreement, or for any other reason, in its sole discretion, subject to Sections 11.4 and 11.5 below. Grindr may also remove and discard all or any part of Your User Account or any User Content (as defined below), at any time. You agree that any termination of Your access to the Grindr Services or any User Account You may have or portion thereof may be effected without prior notice (except as provided in Section 11.4 below), and You agree that Grindr will not be liable to You or any third party for any such termination and refunds will only be given where expressly provided in this Agreement (including Section 11.5 below). For example, We may deactivate Your User Account due to prolonged inactivity. Without limitation of our other rights, We reserve the right to delete all Your User Content from the Grindr Services upon any termination or cancellation of Your User Account. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of Your use of the Grindr Services may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Grindr may have at law or in equity.
        If you have paid for a Premium Service, Grindr will give you at least 30 days’ notice of termination of Your access to the Grindr Services or any User Account unless Your profile content or Your conduct within the Grindr Services violates Our Terms of Service or You have otherwise breached this Agreement, in which case Grindr may suspend or terminate Your access to the Grindr Services or any User Account immediately.
        If You have paid for a Premium Service and Grindr terminates Your access to the Grindr Services or any user Account, Grindr will give a pro-rata refund for any amounts pre-paid, but unused for such Premium Services; provided that if Grindr terminates Your access to the Grindr Services or any User Account because You have violated Our Terms of Service, Grindr will be entitled to retain the amounts that You paid for the Grindr Services. But where required by law (such as in the UK), Grindr will only retain an amount to cover all costs and other losses it incurs as a result of the violation or breach, which may still mean that no refund is payable.
        You acknowledge and agree that Google, Apple, or another third-party platform provider (as applicable, based on the device and operating system You use) may be the merchant of record for transactions involving the Grindr Services. As such, you may need to request any refund to which You are entitled under this Agreement through the App Store, Google Play, or other third-party platform (as applicable).
        If You believe that Grindr has suspended or terminated Your User Account in error, You may contact Us at help@grindr.com at any time.

    USER CONTENT.
        The Grindr Services allow the submission of content and materials (such as pictures, ideas, notes, concepts, or creative suggestions) by You and other Users to Grindr and other Users (“User Content”), and the hosting, sharing and/or publishing of such User Content with Grindr and other Users.
        You are solely responsible for Your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Content, You represent and warrant that: (i) You own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use, and authorize Grindr to use, all intellectual property and any other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Content to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner contemplated by the Grindr Services and this Agreement; and (ii) You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner contemplated by the Grindr Services and this Agreement. For clarity, You shall retain all of Your ownership rights in Your User Content.
        You understand that when using the Grindr Services, You will be exposed to User Content from a variety of sources, and that Grindr is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Content. You further understand and acknowledge that You may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent or objectionable.
        Grindr assumes no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from User Content. Grindr assumes no responsibility for actively monitoring User Content for inappropriate content. If at any time Grindr chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor User Content, Grindr nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the content of the User Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate User Content, and no responsibility for the conduct of the User submitting User Content. Further, Grindr does not endorse and has no control over the content of User Content submitted by other Users. Grindr makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content of User Content or the accuracy and reliability of any User Content. Nonetheless, Grindr reserves the right to prevent You from submitting User Content and to edit, restrict or remove User Content for any reason at any time.
        User Content is owned by the User who submitted it, subject to Grindr’s license to such User Content under this Agreement. You may not share, display or duplicate the User Content of any other party, except as permitted under this Agreement.
        You hereby grant, and You represent and warrant that You have the right to grant, to Grindr an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit Your User Content, (through unlimited tiers of sublicenses), solely for the purposes of including Your User Content in the Grindr Services and as otherwise permitted by this Agreement. You agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your User Content. You also hereby grant to Grindr, in connection with a sale of Grindr or the assets of Grindr, the right to sell or transfer the User Content to a third party. Please see Our Privacy Policy for additional information about the use, collection, or sharing of Your information, including User Content.
        If You provide Grindr with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Grindr Services (“Feedback”), You hereby grant Grindr the perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Grindr will treat any Feedback You provide to Grindr as non-confidential and non-proprietary to You. Grindr will have no obligation under any circumstances to compensate You for any Feedback. You agree that You will not submit to Grindr any information or ideas that You consider to be confidential or proprietary, or for which You expect to be compensated.

    THIRD-PARTY SITES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES; LINKS.
        The Grindr Services may include links to other web sites or services, whether through advertising or otherwise, (“Third-Party Websites”) solely as a convenience to Users. Grindr does not endorse any such linked sites or the information, material, products or services contained on other linked sites or accessible through other linked sites. Furthermore, Grindr makes no express or implied warranties with regard to the information, material, products or services that are contained on or accessible through linked sites. Access and use of linked sites, including information, material, products and services on linked sites or available through linked sites is solely at Your own risk. We do not control these Third-Party Websites and this Agreement does not apply to companies that Grindr does not own or control, or to the actions of people that Grindr does not employ or manage. You should always check the terms of use posted on Third-Party Websites.
        Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Grindr Services are solely between You and such advertiser. You agree that Grindr will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Grindr Services.
        Parties other than Grindr may provide services or sell products via the Grindr Services. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and We do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or the content of their product and service offerings. Grindr does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review the third parties’ privacy statements and other terms and conditions of use.
        By Your use of third-party applications that connect with the Grindr Services (“Third-Party Applications”), You acknowledge and agree that Grindr may transmit User Content to Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications through application protocol interfaces developed and maintained by those Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications. Grindr is not responsible for the transmission of the User Content from the Grindr Services to Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications, nor the use of the User Content on any Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications. You should review the terms of service and privacy policies of any Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications. Grindr is not responsible for and does not endorse any features, content, or other materials on or available from Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications. Grindr also does not screen, audit, or endorse Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications. Accordingly, if You decide to access Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications, You do so at Your own risk and agree that Your use of any Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications is on an “as-is” basis without any warranty as to the Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications’ actions, and that this Agreement does not apply to Your use of any Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications.
        You acknowledge and agree that Grindr may incorporate Your User Content and location information for User Accounts from the Grindr Services with third-party information sources and third-party applications in the provisioning of the Grindr Services.
        To the extent that any of Your User Content contains Your personal data (as defined in the Privacy Policy), any transfer of such Personal Data will be subject to the Privacy Policy.

    ADVERTISING.  Grindr and its licensees may publicly display advertisements and other information adjacent to Your Content. You are not entitled to any compensation for such advertisements. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising are subject to change without specific notice or Our being liable to You.

    END USER LICENSES.
        Mobile Device.  To use the Grindr Software You must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Grindr Services. Grindr does not warrant that the Grindr Services will be compatible with Your mobile device. You are responsible for any mobile charges that You may incur for using the Grindr Services, including text-messaging, roaming charges, and data charges. If You are unsure about the charges that will apply, please contact Your mobile service provider before using the Grindr Services.
        License Grant.  Subject to Your compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Grindr hereby grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to (i) use a compiled code copy of the Grindr Software for Your Account on a mobile device owned or leased solely by You, for Your personal, noncommercial use and (ii) use the Grindr Services (other than the Grindr Software) for Your personal, noncommercial use for the use intended by Grindr, as publicly communicated by Grindr from time to time.
        Restrictions.  You may NOT: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Grindr Services or any technology made available in connection with the Grindr Services, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law without possibility of contractual waiver; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Grindr Services to any third party or use the Grindr Services to provide time sharing or similar services for any third party; (iii) make any copies of the Grindr Services; (iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Grindr Services, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Grindr Services, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Grindr Services; or (v) create extensions of, products related to, or that interoperate with, the Grindr Services, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law without possibility of contractual waiver; or (vi) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Grindr Services.
        Upgrades.  You acknowledge that Grindr may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Grindr Services, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Grindr Services that You are using on Your mobile device or otherwise. You consent to such automatic upgrading on Your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades. You agree that Grindr will not be liable to You for any such upgrades.
        Open Source.  To the extent that the Grindr Services utilize any open source or third-party code that may be incorporated in the Grindr Services, such open source or third-party code is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code. Nothing in this Agreement limits Your rights under, or grants You rights that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license for such open source software. Please contact us at legal@grindr.com (with “Open Source” in the email subject line) for more information.
        Rights Reserved. The foregoing license granted under this Agreement is not a sale of the Grindr Services or any copy thereof and Grindr or its third-party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Grindr Services (and any copy thereof). Any attempt by You to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void. Grindr reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement.
        Trademarks, Service Marks and Logos. The names and logos associated with the Grindr Services are the property of Grindr. No use of these marks is permitted except through the prior written authorization and permission of Grindr. All rights reserved.
        Government End Users. The Grindr Services are intended for the use by individuals, not government entities. If Grindr authorizes the use of the Grindr Services on behalf of the United States Government or the United States Government uses the Grindr Service without authorization, then use, duplication, display, modification, reproduction, release, performance, distribution and disclosure of the Grindr Services (or portion thereof) by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions set forth in this Agreement and as provided in DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988), FAR 12.212(a) (1995), FAR 52.227-19, or FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as applicable. Otherwise, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise will give a government user rights to the Grindr Services broader than those set forth in this Agreement.
        Export Control. The Grindr Services originate in the United States and are subject to United States export laws and regulations. The Grindr Services may not be exported or re-exported by You to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the United States. In addition, the Grindr Services may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries. You agree to comply with all United States and foreign laws related to use of the Grindr Services.
        App Stores. You acknowledge and agree that the availability of the Grindr Services is dependent on the third party from which You received the Grindr Services, e.g., the Android Market or Apple app store (each, an “App Store”). You acknowledge that this Agreement is between You and Grindr and not with the App Store. Each App Store may have its own terms and conditions to which You must agree before downloading the Grindr Services from it. You agree to comply with, and Your license to use the Grindr Services is conditioned upon Your compliance with, all applicable terms and conditions of the applicable App Store.

    OUR DISCLAIMERS; NO WARRANTIES TO YOU.
        CERTAIN STATE, PROVINCIAL, AND NATIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. PLEASE REFER TO THE “SPECIAL TERMS FOR INTERNATIONAL USERS” FOR CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS FOR SUCH USERS.
        THE GRINDR SERVICES AND ANY SOFTWARE, SERVICES, OR APPLICATIONS MADE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE GRINDR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE”, AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. GRINDR, AND ITS SUPPLIERS, AFFILIATES, AND LICENSORS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.
        GRINDR AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE GRINDR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE GRINDR SERVICES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
        GRINDR AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS (INCLUDING GRINDR’S THIRD-PARTY WIRELESS CARRIER LICENSORS) DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF ANY LOCATION INFORMATION OR THE OTHER GRINDR SERVICES IN TERMS OF SECURITY, SAFETY, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT GRINDR OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT NECESSARY TO ACCESS THE GRINDR SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIAL OR DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.

    YOUR INDEMNIFICATION OF US; YOU HOLD GRINDR HARMLESS.  You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Grindr (and its affiliated companies, contractors, employees, agents, and suppliers and licensors) harmless from any and all claims, suits, actions, losses, costs, damages, and any other liabilities, including attorneys’ fees, brought by a third party arising out of or related to (a) Your use or misuse of any location information or the other Grindr Services generally, (b) any violation of the rights of any other person or entity by You, (c) any alleged breach or violation by You of this Agreement, or (d) Your use of the Grindr Services to meet another User in person or to locate and attend any offline place or event. Grindr reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify Us, and You agree to cooperate with Our defense of these claims. This defense and indemnification obligation is intended to extend to the fullest extent permitted by law and will survive this Agreement and Your use of the Grindr Services.

    LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY AND OF YOUR DAMAGES.
        CERTAIN STATE, PROVINCIAL, AND NATIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE PROVISIONS BELOW MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. PLEASE REFER TO THE SPECIAL TERMS FOR CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS FOR SUCH USERS.
        YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WILL GRINDR (WHICH INCLUDES, FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION 18, ITS AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, RELIANCE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES RELATED TO OR RESULTING FROM: (A) YOUR USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES; (B) OUR DISCLOSURE, DISPLAY, OR MAINTENANCE OF YOUR LOCATION INFORMATION; (C) YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE GRINDR SERVICES; (D) THE GRINDR SERVICES GENERALLY (INCLUDING THE GRINDR SOFTWARE) OR SYSTEMS THAT MAKE THE GRINDR SERVICES AVAILABLE; OR (E) ANY OTHER INTERACTIONS WITH GRINDR OR ANY OTHER USER OF THE GRINDR SERVICES, EVEN IF GRINDR OR A GRINDR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
        YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WILL GRINDR (WHICH INCLUDES, FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION 18, ITS AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, RELIANCE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES RELATED TO OR RESULTING FROM: (A) YOUR USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES; (B) OUR DISCLOSURE, DISPLAY, OR MAINTENANCE OF YOUR LOCATION INFORMATION; (C) YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE GRINDR SERVICES; (D) THE GRINDR SERVICES GENERALLY (INCLUDING THE GRINDR SOFTWARE) OR SYSTEMS THAT MAKE THE GRINDR SERVICES AVAILABLE; OR (E) ANY OTHER INTERACTIONS WITH GRINDR OR ANY OTHER USER OF THE GRINDR SERVICES, EVEN IF GRINDR OR A GRINDR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
        IN NO EVENT SHALL GRINDR’S (OR ITS AFFILIATES’, CONTRACTORS’, EMPLOYEES’, AGENTS’, SUPPLIERS’, OR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS’ OR SUPPLIERS’) TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU FOR ACCESSING THE GRINDR SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF YOUR CLAIM OR FIFTY DOLLARS, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.
        THIS SECTION 18 IS NOT INTENDED TO EXCLUDE LIABILITY THAT GRINDR MAY NOT EXCLUDE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

    YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THE BENEFIT OF THE BARGAIN WITH GRINDR. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT GRINDR HAS OFFERED THE GRINDR SERVICES, SET ITS PRICES, AND ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT IN RELIANCE UPON THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH ABOVE. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT REFLECT A REASONABLE AND FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN YOU AND GRINDR, AND THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND GRINDR. GRINDR WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE GRINDR SERVICES TO YOU ON AN ECONOMICALLY REASONABLE BASIS WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS.

    YOU RELEASE US.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, You hereby release and forever discharge Us (and Our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, emotional distress, identity theft, death, and property loss and damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or relates directly or indirectly to, (1) any interactions with, or act or omission of, or User Content provided by, other Grindr Services Users or (2) any third-party site, products, services, and links included on or accessed through the Grindr Service.

    RESOLVING OUR DISPUTES; AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE.  You and Grindr agree that any dispute that has arisen or may arise between us relating in any way to Your use of or access to the Grindr Services, any validity, interpretation, breach, enforcement, or termination of this Agreement, or otherwise relating to Grindr in any way (collectively, “Covered Dispute Matters”) will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 21.
        Informal Resolution. If You have any dispute with Us, You and We agree that before taking any formal action, You will contact Us at legal@grindr.com, provide a brief, written description of the dispute and Your contact information (including Your email address associated with Your User Account, if Your dispute relates to an account) and allow sixty (60) days to pass, during which We will attempt to reach an amicable resolution of any issue with You.
        Applicable Law.  You and We agree that United States federal law including the Federal Arbitration Act, and (to the extent not inconsistent with or pre-empted by federal law) the laws of the State of California, USA, without regard to conflict of laws principles, will govern all Covered Dispute Matters, except as may be expressly provided in the Special Terms.
        Our Arbitration. You and We agree that this Agreement and each of its parts evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce, and the Federal Arbitration Act applies in all cases and governs the interpretation and enforcement of the arbitration rules and arbitration proceedings. Any Covered Dispute Matter must be asserted individually in binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with its Consumer Arbitration Rules (including utilizing desk, phone or video conference proceedings where appropriate and permitted to mitigate costs of travel). You and We agree that the arbitrator shall not conduct any form of class or collective arbitration nor join or consolidate claims by or for individuals. You and We agree that the arbitrator, and not any federal, international, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable or a particular claim is subject to arbitration. You and We agree that judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
        The Arbitrator’s Award to You or Us.  You and We agree that for matters where the relief sought is over $5,000, the arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same Grindr User to the extent required by applicable law. You and We agree that the arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
        Injunctive and Declaratory Relief. Except as provided in Section 21.6 below, the arbitrator shall determine all issues of liability on the merits of any claim asserted by You or Grindr and may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. To the extent that You or Grindr have sought public injunctive relief (that is, injunctive relief that has the primary purpose and effect of prohibiting unlawful acts that threaten future injury to the public), the entitlement to and extent of such relief must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration after the party seeking public injunctive relief has first prevailed in arbitration. The parties agree that the litigation of any issues of public injunctive relief shall be stayed pending the outcome of the merits of any individual claims in arbitration.
        Exceptions To Our Agreement To Arbitrate Disputes.  There are only two exceptions to this agreement to arbitrate:
            First, if either party reasonably believes that the other party has in any manner violated or threatened to infringe the intellectual property rights of the other party, the party whose rights have been violated may seek injunctive or other appropriate interim relief in any court of competent jurisdiction.
            Second, each party will retain the right to seek relief in a small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of the jurisdiction of such courts.
        Who Bears the Costs of Arbitration.  You and We agree that payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules, unless otherwise stated in this agreement to arbitrate.
        Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, You and We agree that if We make any amendment to this agreement to arbitrate in the future, that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against Grindr prior to the effective date of the amendment. However, the amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the agreement to arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between You and Grindr. If You do not agree to these amended terms, You may close Your account within thirty (30) days of the posting or notification and You will not be bound by the amended terms.
        Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes.  Unless You and We agree otherwise and except as described in Section 21.6.2 (Small Claims Court), in the event that the agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to You or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of Your decision to opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, or because You are an international user to which this agreement to arbitrate does not apply, You agree (except as otherwise provided by law) that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between You and Grindr must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Los Angeles County, California. You and Grindr agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Los Angeles County, California for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
        YOU MAY OPT-OUT OF ARBITRATION.  IF YOU ARE A NEW GRINDR USER, YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE PROVISION (“OPT-OUT”) BY EMAILING US AN OPT-OUT NOTICE TO ARBITRATIONOPTOUT@GRINDR.COM (“OPT-OUT NOTICE”) OR REGULAR MAIL TO: Grindr LLC, PO Box 69176, West Hollywood, CA 90069. THE OPT-OUT NOTICE MUST BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE FIRST TIME. IF YOU ARE NOT A NEW GRINDR USER, YOU HAVE UNTIL THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE POSTING OF THE NEW TERMS TO SUBMIT AN ARBITRATION OPT-OUT NOTICE.
        Arbitration Opt-Out Procedure. In order to opt-out, You must email Your name, address (including street address, city, state, and zip code), email address(es) associated with Your Account(s) to which the opt-out applies, and an unaltered digital image of Your valid driver’s license to: arbitrationoptout@grindr.com. This procedure is the only way You can opt out of the agreement to arbitrate. If You opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, all other parts of this Agreement and this Disputes Section (including Sections 19 (You Acknowledge the Benefit of the Bargain with Grindr) and 14 through 18 (14 -Advertising; 15 – End User Licenses; 16 – Our Disclaimers; No Warranties to You, 17 – Your Indemnification of Us; You Hold Grindr Harmless, and 18 – Limitation of our Liability and of Your Damages)) will continue to apply to You. Opting out of this agreement to arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements that You may have with Us.
        YOU WAIVE CERTAIN RIGHTS.  BY AGREEING TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE (i) TO A COURT TRIAL (OTHER THAN SMALL CLAIMS COURT AS PROVIDED ABOVE), (ii) TO SERVE AS A REPRESENTATIVE, AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS, IN ANY LAWSUIT, ARBITRATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING FILED AGAINST US AND/OR RELATED THIRD PARTIES, EVEN IF ARBITRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND (iii) TO A TRIAL BY JURY.
        STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR YOUR CLAIMS. REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES, OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED.

    NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN POLICY.
        Grindr respects intellectual property rights and expects its Users to do the same. Grindr will promptly terminate without notice the accounts of Users that are determined by Grindr to be “repeat infringers.” A repeat infringer is a User who has been notified by Grindr of infringing activity violations more than twice and/or who has had a User Content removed from the Grindr Services more than twice. (Note that we reserve the right to terminate accounts for a single infringement as well pursuant to Section 8.3.)
        If You are a copyright owner or an agent thereof, and You believe that any content hosted on any Grindr Services infringes Your copyrights, then You may submit a notification by providing Grindr’s Designated Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:
            A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
            Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the applicable Grindr Services are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works on the applicable Grindr Services;
            Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Grindr to locate the material;
            Information reasonably sufficient to permit Grindr to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
            A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (for example, “I am under the good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted content that is identified herein is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.”); and
            A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed (for example, “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner, of the copyright(s) that is allegedly infringed by the aforementioned content.”).
        Grindr’s Designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement can be reached as follows:

    Grindr LLC

    Attention: Copyright Agent

    P.O. Box 69176

    West Hollywood, CA 90069

    Telephone: (310) 776-6680

    Email: help@grindr.com

    For clarity, only notices under this Section should go to the Grindr Designated Copyright Agent. You acknowledge that if You fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section 22, Your DMCA notice may not be valid. Please note that under Section 512(f) of the US Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.

    APPLE APP STORE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  The following additional terms and conditions apply to You if You are using Grindr Software from the Apple App Store. To the extent the other terms and conditions of this Agreement are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this Section 23, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this Section 23 apply, but solely with respect to Grindr Software from the Apple App Store:
        Acknowledgement. Grindr and You acknowledge that this Agreement is concluded between Grindr and You only, and not with Apple, and that Grindr, not Apple, is solely responsible for Grindr Software and the content thereof. To the extent this Agreement provides for usage rules for Grindr Software that are less restrictive than the Usage Rules set forth for Grindr Software in, or otherwise is in conflict with, the Apple App Store Terms of Service, the more restrictive or conflicting Apple term applies.
        Scope of License. The license granted to You for Grindr Software is limited to a non-transferable license to use Grindr Software on an iOS product that You own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
        Maintenance and Support. Grindr is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to Grindr Software, as specified in this Agreement (if any), or as required under applicable law. Grindr and You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to Grindr Software.
        Warranty. Grindr is solely responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed. In the event of any failure of Grindr Software to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for Grindr Software to You; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to Grindr Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be Grindr’s sole responsibility.
        Product Claims. Grindr and You acknowledge that Grindr, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of You or any third party relating to Grindr Software or Your possession and/or use of Grindr Software, including: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that Grindr Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. This Agreement does not limit Grindr’s liability to You beyond what is permitted by applicable law.
        Intellectual Property Rights. Grindr and You acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that Grindr Software or Your possession and use of Grindr Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Grindr, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
        Legal Compliance. You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) You are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
        Developer Name and Address. Grindr’s contact information for any end-user questions, complaints or claims with respect to Grindr Software is set forth in Section 25.7 below.
        Third-Party Terms of Agreement. You must comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using Grindr Software.
        Third-Party Beneficiary. Grindr and You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that, upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third-party beneficiary thereof.

    SPECIAL STATE TERMS REGARDING YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL. The following provisions are added to this Agreement for paid subscription Users residing in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Rhode Island, Wisconsin, or any other state with laws which may require notice of cancellation rights: You, the buyer, may cancel this Agreement, without any penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the original contract seller’s third business day following the date of this contract, excluding Sundays and holidays. To cancel this Agreement, mail or deliver a signed and dated notice, or send a telegram which states that You, the buyer, are canceling this Agreement, or words of similar effect. This notice shall be sent to:

Grindr LLC

P.O. Box 69176

West Hollywood, CA 90069

In the event that You die before the end of Your paid subscription period, Your estate shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment You had made for Your paid subscription which is allocable to the period after Your death. In the event that You become disabled (such that You are unable to use the paid subscription and the condition is verified in writing by a physician) before the end of Your paid subscription period, You shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment You had made for Your subscription which is allocable to the period after Your disability, by providing Grindr notice at the same address as listed above.

    MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.
        Severability, Waiver of Agreement Provisions.  You and We agree that if any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. A provision of this Agreement may be waived only by a written instrument executed by the party entitled to the benefit of such provision. The failure of any party at any time to require performance of any provision of this Agreement shall in no manner affect such party’s right at a later time to enforce the same. A waiver of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a continuing waiver of other breaches of the same or other provisions of this Agreement.
        Notices.  Grindr may provide You with notices, including those regarding changes to this Agreement, by email or postings on the Grindr Services. You hereby consent to the use of electronic communications. To give Grindr notice, you may do so through the physical and email addresses provided in Section 25.7 and such notice will be effective upon receipt.
        You May Not Assign, But Grindr May. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by You. However, Grindr may at any time and for any reason transfer or assign without restriction this Agreement and the obligations contained in the Agreement to a third party. You hereby acknowledge and agree that if another company acquires Our company, business, or Our assets, that transaction may include a sale or transfer of Your User Content, and You agree to such transfer without further action or confirmation.
        Survival of Provisions.  The following Sections will survive any termination of this Agreement or any termination of Your use of or subscription to the Grindr Services: 1-3, 4.3, 4.4, 5-7, 9.6, 9.7, 10, 12-14, 15 (excluding 15.2), 16-23, and 25.
        No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Grindr’s past, present, and future affiliates (i.e., companies controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Grindr) are third-party beneficiaries of all the rights, protections, and benefits afforded Grindr under this Agreement, including Section 21. Otherwise, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
        Headings; Entire Agreement. The heading references herein are for convenience purposes only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The word “including” means “including without limitation.” This Agreement is the entire agreement between You and Us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, agreed to by both parties.
        Our Disclosures; Your Inquiries.  The services hereunder are offered by Grindr LLC, PO Box 69176, West Hollywood, CA 90069. If you have a question or complaint, you may reach us at the address above or at: help@grindr.com. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

Special Terms for International Users

    UNITED KINGDOM. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are a UK resident to the extent required by applicable law:
        Cancellation within 14-day cancellation period.  You have the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services within fourteen (14) days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire after fourteen (14) days from Your purchase of the Grindr Premium Services. If You have benefitted from a free trial, the cancellation period will expire fourteen (14) days from the beginning of Your free trial. To exercise the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services during the fourteen (14) day cancellation period, You must inform Us at help@grindr.com of Your decision to cancel by a clear statement. You may use the Model Withdrawal Form found in Annex I(B) of the Directive on Consumer Rights. We will communicate to You an acknowledgment of receipt of such cancellation by email without delay. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for You to send Your communication concerning Your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired. There are no separate cancellation fees but there are no refunds except as provided herein. We will refund You a pro-rata amount of the Premium fee for the unused period of Your Premium Services. You will still be required to pay a Premium Service fee for the period of Your Premium Services until You communicated to Us Your cancellation, (excluding any free trial period where no payment was taken) and We will therefore not refund You for that portion of Your Premium Services. We will make the refund without undue delay and not later than fourteen (14) days after the day on which We are informed about Your decision to cancel Your Premium Services. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
        Exceptions to Liability Limitations. Nothing in this Agreement excludes or limits Grindr's (or its affiliated companies', contractors', subcontractors', directors', officers', employees', agents', third party suppliers' or licensors') liability for death or personal injury arising from Our negligence, or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.
        ARBITRATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM AND SUBJECT TO THE ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION DIRECTIVE (2013/11/EU) AND THE ONLINE DISPUTE RESOLUTION REGULATION (EU 524/2013) (AND ANY IMPLEMENTING REGULATIONS IN EACH MEMBER STATE OF THE EU), THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IN SECTION 21 WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 21.8 (JUDICIAL FORUM FOR LEGAL DISPUTES) WILL APPLY, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW. PLEASE READ SECTION 21.8 CAREFULLY. The European Commission Online Dispute Resolution Platform is available at the following link ODR Platform.
        No Prejudice to Consumer Law. As a consumer, You will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which You are a resident. Nothing in these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, Section 21, affects Your rights as a consumer to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.
        Local Jurisdiction. The local law of Your jurisdiction may entitle You to have a dispute relating to this Agreement heard by Your local courts, regardless of the terms of Section 21, in which We agree that all disputes not subject to the terms of Section 21 will be heard in courts located in Los Angeles, California, USA. This Agreement does not limit any such rights that You have that apply regardless of the terms of an agreement that You have entered into. But by entering into this Agreement or otherwise, Grindr does not consent to the jurisdiction of any courts other than those referenced in Section 21 and reserves the right to contest that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of any other court.

    EUROPEAN UNION.   The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are an EU resident to the extent required by applicable law.
        Cancellation within 14-day cancellation period.  You have the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services within fourteen (14) days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire after fourteen (14) days from Your purchase of the Grindr Premium Services. If You have benefitted from a free trial, the cancellation period will expire fourteen (14) days from the beginning of Your free trial. To exercise the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services during the fourteen (14) day cancellation period, You must inform Us at help@grindr.com of Your decision to cancel by a clear statement. You may use the Model Withdrawal Form found in Annex I(B) of the Directive on Consumer Rights. We will communicate to You an acknowledgment of receipt of such cancellation by email without delay. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for You to send Your communication concerning Your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired. There are no separate cancellation fees but there are no refunds except as provided herein. We will refund You a pro-rata amount of the Premium fee for the unused period of Your Premium Services. You will still be required to pay a Premium Service fee for the period of Your Premium Services until You communicated to Us Your cancellation, (excluding any free trial period where no payment was taken) and We will therefore not refund You for that portion of Your Premium Services. We will make the refund without undue delay and not later than fourteen (14) days after the day on which We are informed about Your decision to cancel Your Premium Services. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
        Exceptions to Liability Limitations.  Nothing in this Agreement excludes or limits Grindr’s (or its affiliated companies’, contractors’, subcontractors’, directors’, officers’, employees’, agents’, third party suppliers’ or licensors’) liability to the extent that it cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.
        ARBITRATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN UNION AND SUBJECT TO THE ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION DIRECTIVE (2013/11/EU) AND THE ONLINE DISPUTE RESOLUTION REGULATION (EU 524/2013) (AND ANY IMPLEMENTING REGULATIONS IN EACH MEMBER STATE OF THE EU), THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IN SECTION 21 WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 21.8 (JUDICIAL FORUM FOR LEGAL DISPUTES) WILL APPLY, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW. PLEASE READ SECTION 21.8 CAREFULLY. The European Commission Online Dispute Resolution Platform is available at the following link ODR Platform.
        No Prejudice to Consumer Law.  As a consumer, You will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which You are resident. Nothing in these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, Section 21, affects Your rights as a consumer to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.
        Local Jurisdiction.  The local law of Your jurisdiction may entitle You to have a dispute relating to this Agreement heard by Your local courts, regardless of the terms of Section 21, in which We agree that all disputes not subject to the terms of Section 21 will be heard in courts located in Los Angeles, California, USA. This Agreement does not limit any such rights that You have that apply regardless of the terms of an agreement that You have entered into. But by entering into this Agreement or otherwise, Grindr does not consent to the jurisdiction of any courts other than those referenced in Section 21 and reserves the right to contest that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of any other court.

    SPAIN.  In addition to the terms set forth above for EU residents, and superseding conflicting terms in this Agreement, the following terms apply to You if You are a Spanish resident to the extent required by applicable law:
        Language.  The Spanish version of this Agreement will control.
        Modifications. Grindr will inform You of any relevant modification of the Services and/or Guidelines as well as of any changes to these terms and conditions.
        Renewals. Grindr (either directly or through an App Store) will provide You advance notice of the renewal date of the Premium Services subscription and of the trial subscription before charging your credit or debit card.
        Moral Rights. Your moral rights over Your User Content will not be assigned or waived.

    PORTUGAL.  In addition to the terms set forth above for EU residents, the following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are a Portuguese resident to the extent required by applicable law:
        Language. The Portuguese version of this Agreement will control.
        Modifications. Grindr will inform You of any relevant modification of the Services and/or Guidelines as well as of any changes to these terms and conditions.
        Renewals. Grindr (either directly or through an App Store) will provide You advance notice of the renewal date of the Premium Services subscription and of the trial subscription before charging your credit or debit card.
        Moral Rights. Your moral rights over Your User Content will not be assigned or waived.

    GERMANY.  The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are a German resident to the extent required by applicable law:
        Consent to Deletion of Data. You understand that through Your use of the Grindr Services, You consent to the deletion of Your data, (e.g. Your chat messages) to other users as soon as they are delivered.
        Liability Limitations. The following applies in lieu of any conflicting or inconsistent language in the Terms:
            Wir sind ausschließlich wie folgt haftbar: Wir haften unbeschränkt gemäß den gesetzlichen Bestimmungen (i) für Schäden die aus der Verletzung von Leben, Körper oder Gesundheit entstehen; (ii) bei Vorsatz; (iii) bei grober Fahrlässigkeit; und (iv) gemäß dem Produkthaftungsgesetz. Ohne dass dies das Vorstehende einschränkt haften wir für leichte Fahrlässigkeit nur im Falle der Verletzung einer „wesentlichen“ Pflicht aus diesem Vertrag. „Wesentliche“ Pflichten in diesem Sinne sind Pflichten, die für die Erfüllung des Vertrags nötig sind, deren Verletzung die Erreichung des Vertragszwecks in Frage stellen würde, und auf deren Einhaltung Du daher regelmäßig vertrauen darfst. In diesen Fällen ist die Haftung beschränkt auf vertragstypische und vorhersehbare Schäden; in sonstigen Fällen besteht keine Haftung für leichte Fahrlässigkeit.
            Soweit die Haftung von Grindr nach den vorstehenden Vorschriften ausgeschlossen oder beschränkt ist, gilt dies auch für die Haftung von Grindr für seine gesetzlichen Vertreter, Mitarbeiter und Erfüllungsgehilfen.
            Diese Haftungsbegrenzungen bleibt über das Ende des Vertragsverhältnisses mit Dir und Grindr sowie über die Dauer Deiner Nutzung der Grindr Services hinaus wirksam.
        Price Increases. Notwithstanding Section 6, we will only increase prices and modify the Service as permitted by German law.
        No Indemnity. Section 17 does not apply to You.
        Termination. Grindr may only terminate Your account if You breach this Agreement or violate the law. Grindr will issue any refunds required by German law in the event of termination. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
        Moral Rights. Your moral rights over Your User Content will not be assigned or waived.

    CANADA. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are a Canadian resident to the extent required by applicable law:
        Dispute Resolution. Sections 3-21.7 (Arbitration) and/or 21.11 (Class Action Waiver) will not apply to You if any such provision is unenforceable under the laws of Your Province of residence. Section 21.8 will continue to apply in all such cases.
        Cancellation Rights. Residents of certain Provinces may have the right to cancel Premium Services as required by local law. Grindr will honor such cancellation rights.

    AUSTRALIA. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are an Australian resident to the extent required by applicable law:
        Transmission of Personal Information Overseas. In consenting to the transfer to and processing of Your data in the United States of America and any other jurisdiction throughout the world, You acknowledge that other jurisdictions (including the United States of America) may not have privacy protections equivalent to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). You may not have a remedy against Grindr as neither the Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 nor Section 16C of the Privacy Act will apply.
        Reverse Engineering. The restriction on the modification, disassembly, decompilation or reverse engineering of the Grindr Services is subject to Your rights under Part III Div 4A (“Acts not constituting infringement of copyright in computer programs”) of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth).
        Consumer Guarantees. Grindr’s liability for failure to comply with any applicable consumer guarantee arising under Part 3-2 Div 1 of the Australian Consumer Law is limited to:
            in the case of goods supplied to You, the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods (or the payment of the cost to You of the replacement or supply), or the repair of the goods (or the payment of the cost to You of the repair); and
            in the case of services supplied to You, the supply of the services again or the payment of the cost to You of having the services supplied again.

    ARGENTINA. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are an Argentine resident to the extent required by applicable law:
        Cancellation Within 10-day Cancellation Period. You have the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services within ten (10) days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire after ten (10) days from Your purchase of the Grindr Premium Services. If You have benefitted from a free trial, the cancellation period will expire ten (10) days from the beginning of Your free trial. To exercise the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services during the ten (10) day cancellation period, You must inform Us at help@grindr.com of Your decision to cancel by a clear statement. We will communicate to You an acknowledgment of receipt of such cancellation by email without delay. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for You to send Your communication concerning Your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired. There are no separate cancellation fees but there are no refunds except as provided herein. We will refund You a pro-rata amount of the Premium Services fee for the unused period of Your Premium Services. You will still be required to pay a Premium Service fee for the period of Your Premium Services until You communicated to Us Your cancellation (excluding any free trial period where no payment was taken), and We will therefore not refund You for that portion of Your Premium Services. We will make the refund without undue delay. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
        Notice and Takedown Policy. If You are a resident of Argentina, the notice and takedown policy in section 22 will not apply to You. Instead, in case You believe that any content hosted on any Grindr Service produces damage to You and could be considered as manifestly illegal, then You may submit a notification to Grindr indicating the content in question and providing documentation that proves Your identity as well as detailing the damage caused by the content. Grindr will analyze the claim and if the content is manifestly illegal (i.e. child pornography, data that facilities the commission of a crime, crime or racism references, etc.), then Grindr will proceed with its takedown. Any other content that causes damage but cannot be considered as manifestly illegal shall not be taken down by Grindr unless You provide a judicial notification ordering the takedown of the content in question. Notifications of any sort for these purposes shall be delivered to legal@grindr.com.

    BRAZIL.  The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are a Brazilian resident to the extent required by applicable law:
        Right of Regret. You have the right to cancel Your Grindr Services within seven (7) calendar days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire after seven (7) calendar days from Your purchase of the Grindr Services. To exercise the right to cancel Your Grindr Services during the seven (7) day cancellation period, You must inform Us at legal@grindr.com of Your decision to cancel by a clear statement. We will communicate to You an acknowledgment of receipt of such cancellation by email without delay. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for You to send Your communication concerning Your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired. We will refund any and all amount paid by You. We will make the refund without undue delay and within the shortest timeframe possible after the day on which We are informed about Your decision to cancel. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
        Arbitration Will Not Apply to You.  Any dispute procedure deriving from this Agreement will be resolved by a competent Court of the relevant User’s address.
        Notice to Remove Sensitive or Private Content. In case of any unauthorized disclosure of Your images, videos, pictures or any other material of Yours containing nudity or sexual private content, Grindr undertakes to take all necessary measures, to the extent applicable to Our technical services, in order to remove the referred content in a diligent manner and in the shortest timeframe possible, provided that You notify Us of the relevant infringement by identifying and specifying the infringing content. Also, in the event You are exposed to inaccurate, offensive, indecent or objectionable content of other Users, You may notify Us of such content, so that We may take the appropriate measures in order to remove it, to the extent applicable.
        Application of Brazilian Law. You and We agree that Brazilian Law will also apply to this Agreement, especially with respect to rights of privacy, protection of personal data, and secrecy of private communications and of logs. You and We agree to comply with all applicable Brazilian law.
        Retention of Records of Your Account. We will keep the application logs under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for six (6) months from Your subscription date, pursuant to applicable Brazilian Law. We reserve the right to disclose the application logs and/or any other records of your account, including private communications, in order to comply with court orders.
        Charge of Fees. Anytime that We decide to charge You for a portion or for the whole of Grindr Services, a message will be displayed on Your mobile screen, so that You may either (i) approve the relevant service and corresponding fees, in which case You will be requested to provide Your credit card details; or (ii) deny the relevant service and continue using the portion of the Grindr Services that is free of charge.
        Limitation of Liability. The provisions related to limitation of liability established under this Agreement may, as a general rule, not apply to You, as the obligation to indemnify is a rule of public order in Brazil. You and We are aware that Brazilian law does not allow indemnification for indirect damages, but solely the effective losses and the loss of profits directly and immediately caused by it.
        Statute of Limitations for Your Claims. The provisions of this Agreement related to statute of limitations may not apply to You, if the applicable Brazilian law establishes a different or specific statute of limitations for a certain claim. In this case, You will be subject to the specific statute of limitations stipulated under the applicable Brazilian law.
        Modifications to this Agreement. We reserve the right to modify, at Our sole discretion, any of the provisions contemplated in this Agreement at any time and for any reason whatsoever, regardless of Your previous approval. You will be notified of such modifications.

Effective Date: The earlier of March 13, 2020, or user acceptance.
GROUPON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED TERMS OF USE
This page sets out the terms for the use of the Site offered by Groupon International Limited and the Services we offer.

1. SOME BASICS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THESE TERMS OF USE

1.1. What this document is and who we are: You are reading a legal document which is the agreement between you, the Customer (whom we refer to as "you", "your" or the "Customer" in this document) and us. You are agreeing to the terms of use that appear below, all of which are called the “Agreement”. We are Groupon International Limited and we are the operator of this Site, and provider of a range of services related to the Site. Groupon International Limited is a company registered in Ireland with our registered office at Lower Ground Floor, Connaught House, 1 Burlington Road, Dublin 4, 216410 Ireland. Our company number is 501358. We refer to ourselves as "Groupon International", "we", "us" or "our" in this document, and we refer to us and any other companies of the Groupon group of companies, including our affiliates, parents and subsidiaries, as the “Groupon Group”. Groupon International Limited may assume all contracts, rights, obligations and liabilities under these Terms of Use from MyCityDeal Limited by way of novation by way of written notice (posted on this Site or communicated by other means) with the result that only Groupon International Limited remains entitled and obligated under these Terms and you hereby irrevocably consent to the assignment and transfer of all such contracts rights, obligations and liabilities.

1.2. What we do: We provide a platform (including this Site, mobile applications, etc.) where we, our local affiliates and other sellers (collectively, “Sellers”) can list offers for Vouchers, deals, goods, getaways and other products (collectively, “Items”). As a platform provider, we help facilitate transactions for Items on our platform. We are never a buyer and usually not the Seller; we provide a venue for Sellers and you to negotiate and complete transactions. This means that in addition to this Agreement, you will have other contractual relationships with different legal entities when you interact with the Site.

1.3. What are all of the legal relationships: Whatever Item you purchase via the Site will be subject to the terms and conditions of that Seller. Since Groupon International is not usually a Seller, this means that your contract of sale will most likely be with a different legal entity (often a company in the Groupon Group). But please note that any contracts formed at the completion of a sale for Items are solely between you and the Seller (and not Groupon International, unless Groupon International is the seller). The Seller is responsible for the sale and for dealing with any claims or any other issue arising out of or in connection with the contract between you and the Seller. Please also note that in respect of purchases of a Voucher, in addition to the contract of sale you will have with the Seller of the Voucher, there will also be a contract between you and the business that actually provides the Products when you redeem your Voucher with that business (the “Merchant”). In respect of any Vouchers, neither we nor any Seller assumes responsibility for any contracts regarding the redemption of your Voucher with a Merchant. Finally, please understand that we are never the Seller's or Merchant’s agent.

1.4. What we also do: We may provide a forum to submit or post User Content, as well as send newsletters and other communications to you. In order to send emails to you, we need to know a little bit about you. Take a look at our data collection and processing practices in our Privacy Statement for details.

1.5. Scope of Use: The Site and our Services are for your non-commercial, personal use only and not for business purposes, except as separately permitted in writing. You may access the Site only through our app, standard web and mobile browsers and similar consumer applications, but not with any robot, spider, offline reader, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device, tool, or process to retrieve, index, or data mine our Site, via scraping, spidering or otherwise. As an exception, revocable at any time by us, operators of public search engines may use spiders to copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials.

1.6. Limited Licence: Notwithstanding any other term of these Terms of Use, you shall be permitted to crawl, index, display or cache the contents of this Site solely for the purpose of (i) displaying the Site as part of search engine results, and (ii) optimising (through Accelerated Mobile Pages, or otherwise) the delivery of the Site to other users of the Site. Groupon reserves all rights, including copyright, in its HTML code and content (including code that is optimised for Accelerated Mobile Pages) and nothing in these Terms of Use shall act as an express or implied waiver of any of Groupon's rights, or its ability to enforce the terms of these Terms of Use.

1.7. Prevention on use: We reserve the right to prevent you from using the Site and the Services (or any part of them).

1.8. Definitions: In this Agreement, we use various defined terms. You will know they are defined because they begin with a capital letter. These are all defined within or at the end of this Agreement in section 13).

2. REGISTERING WITH US AND YOUR ACCOUNT

2.1. Why Register: Depending on the particular functionality of our Site at any time, you may or may not need to Register to use much of its functionality or to access many of our Services. However, you must Register in order to make a purchase unless you choose to use the guest checkout feature on the Site. If you make a purchase using the guest checkout and you do not already have an Account with us, we will create an Account for you based on the information provided to us in connection with the transaction (e.g. your name, address, email address, and other transaction information).  You may later claim this Account by creating a password for the Account. Your Account will provide you with easy access to print your Voucher, view your past purchases, store any Groupon credit for you and modify your preferences. We reserve the right to decline a new Registration or to cancel an Account at any time. You Register with us so you don’t have to re-enter your information every time you buy something.

2.2. How to Register: To Register you need to supply us with your name, postcode, email address, and possibly some other personal information.

2.3. Passwords: During Registration, you will also need to supply us with your password. You must keep the password confidential and immediately notify us if any unauthorised third party becomes aware of that password or if there is any unauthorised use of your email address or any breach of security known to you. You agree that we are not responsible or liable in the event that a person to whom your password is disclosed uses (and/or transacts via) our Services and Site. Please note that you are entirely responsible if you do not maintain the confidentiality of your password.

2.4. Valid email addresses: All Accounts must be Registered with a valid personal email address that you access regularly. Any Accounts which have been Registered with someone else’s email address or with temporary email addresses may be closed without notice. We may require users to re-validate their Accounts if we believe they have been using an invalid email address.

2.5. Emails: Groupon International may send you administrative and promotional emails. We may also send you information regarding your Account activity and purchases, as well as updates about our Site and Services or other promotional offers. We may also send you information regarding purchases you’ve made. (You can opt-out of our promotional e-mails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of such e-mail correspondence.)

2.6. Push Notifications: Where you have consented, Groupon International may send you promotional push notifications on your mobile device(s) for general and location-based deals. You can opt-out of our promotional push notifications at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device.

3. USER CONTENT

3.1. User Content: The Site may provide Account holders and visitors to the Site various opportunities to submit or post reviews, opinions, advice, ratings, discussions, comments, messages, survey responses, and other communications, as well as files, images, photographs, video, sound recordings, musical works and other content (collectively, “User Content”). User Content may be submitted or posted through forums, bulletin boards, discussion groups, chat rooms, surveys, blogs or other communication facilities that may be offered on, through, or in connection with the Site or Services from time to time. You may be required to have an Account to submit User Content.

3.2. Creator of the User Content: In contributing any User Content, you represent and warrant that you are the creator of the User Content, or if you are acting on behalf of the creator, that you have express, advance authority from the creator to submit or post the User Content, and that you have all rights necessary to grant the licenses and grants set out in this Agreement in respect of that User Content. You further represent and warrant (or, if you are acting on behalf of the creator of the User Content, you have been assured that the creator represents and warrants) that the sharing of the User Content for the purposes you have selected will not violate or infringe any copyrights, trademarks or any other intellectual property rights or rights of third parties, including the rights of publicity or privacy.

3.3. Restrictions: You will not upload, post or otherwise make available on the Site any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right. Groupon does not have any express burden or responsibility to provide you with indications, markings or anything else that may aid you in determining whether the material in question is copyrighted or trademarked. You will be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights or any other harm resulting from such a submission. Other restrictions and forbidden activities you should be aware of are listed in section 5, below.

3.4. Use of User Content: Groupon International has the sole and absolute right, but not the obligation, to review, edit, post, refuse to post, remove and monitor the User Content. Groupon International further has the sole and absolute right, but not the obligation, to disclose the User Content and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to any third-party, at any time, for any reason, including to determine compliance with this Agreement and any operating rules established by Groupon International, as well as to satisfy any applicable law, regulation or authorised government request. Without limiting the foregoing, Groupon International has the right to remove any material from the Site in its sole and absolute discretion. Groupon International assumes no liability for any User Content or other information that appears or is removed from the Site or elsewhere. Groupon International has no obligation to use your User Content and may not use it at all.

3.5. Modifying or removing User Content: In some circumstances and from time to time, it may be possible to modify or remove the User Content you submit or post through your Account. Groupon International makes no representations or warranties that the User Content you modify or remove will be modified or removed from the Site or elsewhere, or that the User Content will cease to appear on the Internet, in search engines, social media websites, or in any other form, media or technology.

3.6. Public Nature of User Content: You understand and agree that User Content is public. Any person (whether or not a user of Groupon International’s Services) may read your User Content without your knowledge. Please do not include any additional personal information or any other information in your User Content unless you wish for it to be publicly disclosed. Groupon International is not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information or any other information that you disclose in connection with User Content.

3.7. Disclaimer: Any User Content of any kind made by you or any third-party is made by the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not by Groupon International. Other users may post User Content that is inaccurate, misleading or deceptive. Groupon International does not endorse and is not responsible for any User Content, and will not be liable to you or any other person for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such User Content. User Content reflects the opinions of the person submitting it and does not reflect the opinion of Groupon International. Groupon International does not control or endorse any User Content, and specifically disclaims any liability concerning or relating to your contribution of, use of, or reliance on any User Content and any actions resulting from your participation in any part of the Site or Services, including any objectionable User Content.

3.8. Grant: Some User Content you submit to Groupon International may be displayed or may give you the option to display it in connection with your personal information, or a portion of your personal information, including but not limited to your name, initials, username, social networking website user account name, image, likeness, preferences, voice and location. You grant Groupon International and the Groupon Group a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferrable, worldwide right to use, display, distribute, offer for sale and sell the personal information in connection with your User Content, whether the User Content appears alone or as part of other works, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or later developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, all without compensation to you. However, Groupon International shall have no obligation to use your personal information in connection with any User Content.

3.9. License: As between you and Groupon International, you shall retain all of your ownership rights in and to the User Content you submit or post. However, by contributing User Content or other information on or through the Site, you grant Groupon International and the Groupon Group a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferrable, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, display, transmit, offer for sale and sell the User Content alone or as part of other works in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees and without compensation to you. You waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding the User Content that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory. Groupon International and the Groupon Group’s license in any User Content or personal information submitted includes use for promotions, advertising, marketing, market research, merchant feedback, quality control or any other lawful purpose.

3.10. Copyright Procedures: Groupon reserves the right to terminate your or any third-party’s right to use the Site if such use infringes the copyrights of another. Groupon may, under appropriate circumstances and at its sole discretion, terminate your or any third-party’s right to access to the Site, if Groupon determines that you or a third-party is a repeat infringer. If you believe that any material has been posted via the Site by any third-party in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, and you would like to bring it to Groupon's attention, you must either submit your complaint here or provide Groupon's Copyright Agent identified below with the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted work; (b) an identification of the copyrighted work and the location on the Site of the allegedly infringing work; (c) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the owner, its agent or the law; (d) your name and contact information, including, without limitation, telephone number and email address; and (e) a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. The contact information for Groupon’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement is:

Groupon, Inc.

Attn: Copyright Agent

c/o The Risk Management Department

Floors 11-12, Aldgate Tower, 2 Leman Street

London E1 8FA UK

Email: emearisklegal@groupon.com

Infringement Reporting Procedures: If you own copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property rights (“IP Rights Owner”), or if you are an agent authorized to act on the IP Rights Owner’s behalf (“Authorized Agent”), and you have a good faith belief that material or products on the Site infringe the IP Rights Owner’s copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right, and you would like to bring it to Groupon's attention, you can report your concern(s) by submitting your complaint here.

3.11. Unsolicited Ideas: We do not accept or consider, directly or through any Groupon International or Groupon Group employee or agent, unsolicited ideas of any kind, including ideas or suggestions relating to new or improved products, enhancements, names or technologies, advertising and marketing campaigns, plans or other promotions. Do not send us (or any of our employees) any unsolicited ideas, suggestions, material, images or other work in any form (“Unsolicited Materials”). If you send us Unsolicited Materials, you understand and agree that the following terms will apply, notwithstanding any cover letter or other terms that accompany them:

Groupon International has no obligation to review any unsolicited materials, nor to keep any unsolicited materials confidential; and
Groupon International will own, and may use and redistribute unsolicited materials for any purpose, without restriction and free of any obligation to acknowledge or compensate you.
4. STANDARDS AND GROUPON INTERNATIONAL’S LIMITATION OF ITS LIABILITY

4.1. The standards we operate under: Groupon International always tries its best at what it does and promises that:

4.1.1. we will exercise reasonable care and skill in performing our obligations under this Agreement; and

4.1.2. and we will not contravene the requirements of professional diligence in what we do.

4.2. Section 4 is important!: This section 4 takes precedence over all other sections in this Agreement and sets forth our entire Liability in respect of the performance, non-performance, purported performance or delay in performance of this Agreement or the Services or Site or any purchase (or any part of them); or otherwise in relation to this Agreement or the entering into or performance of this Agreement.

4.3. What we are responsible for: Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit our Liability for (i) fraud; (ii) death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (iii) serious misconduct by us, excluding serious misconduct not conducted by Groupon International itself; or (iv) any Liability which cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.

4.4. Categories of loss that we are not responsible for: Notwithstanding Clause 4.3, since we only provide the Site and Services for your non-business use, we are never liable for: 4.4.1. loss of income or revenue; 4.4.2. loss of actual or anticipated profits; 4.4.3. loss of business; or 4.4.4. indirect or consequential loss (and for the avoidance of doubt, we understand the words “consequential loss” to mean “consequential losses whether those losses are foreseeable, known, foreseen or otherwise”).

5. YOUR OBLIGATIONS

5.1. Accurate information: You warrant that all information provided on Registration and contained as part of your Account during the course of this Agreement is true, complete and accurate and that you will promptly inform us of any changes to such information by updating the details in your Account.

5.2. Content on the Site: It is your responsibility to ensure that any Items or information (or Products) available through the Site meet your specific requirements.

5.3. Things you cannot do: Without limitation, you undertake not to use or permit anyone else to use the Services or Site:

5.3.1. to upload, send or receive any material, including User Content, which is not civil or tasteful;

5.3.2. to upload, send or receive any material, including User Content, which is unlawful, harmful, tortious, threatening, abusive, harassing, hateful, racist, homophobic, infringing, pornographic, violent, misleading, grossly offensive, of an indecent, obscene or menacing character, blasphemous or defamatory or of a libellous nature of any person or entity, in contempt of court or in breach of confidence, or which infringes the rights of another person or entity, including copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, rights of personality, publicity or privacy or any other third party rights; 

5.3.3. to upload, send or receive any material, including User Content, for which you have not obtained all necessary licenses and/or approvals (from us or third parties); or which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party in any country in the world;

5.3.4. to upload, send or receive any material which is technically harmful (including computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data, malicious software, harmful data, or anything else which may interrupt, interfere with, corrupt or otherwise cause loss, damage, destruction or limitation to the functionality of any software or computer equipment); 

5.3.5. to cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;

5.3.6. to intercept or attempt to intercept any communications transmitted by way of a telecommunications system;

5.3.7. for a purpose other than which we have designed them or intended them to be used;

5.3.8. for any fraudulent purpose; or

5.3.9. in any way which is calculated to incite hatred against any ethnic, religious or any other minority or is otherwise calculated to adversely affect any individual, group or entity.

5.4. Forbidden uses: The following uses of the Site and Services are expressly prohibited and you undertake not to do (or to permit anyone else to do) any of the following:

5.4.1. resell the Services or Site;

5.4.2. furnish false data including false names, addresses and contact details and fraudulent use of credit/debit card numbers;

5.4.3. attempt to circumvent our security or network including accessing data not intended for you, logging into a server or Account you are not expressly authorised to access, or probe the security of other networks (such as running a port scan);

5.4.4. access the Services (or Site) in such a way as to, or commit any act that would or does, impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large burden on our infrastructure or that otherwise interrupts or interferes with its functionality, efficiency or operation;

5.4.5. execute any form of network monitoring which will intercept data not intended for you;

5.4.6. send unsolicited mail messages, including the sending of "junk mail" or other advertising material to individuals who did not specifically request such material. You are explicitly prohibited from sending unsolicited bulk mail messages. This includes bulk mailing of commercial advertising, promotional, or informational announcements, and political or religious tracts. Such material may only be sent to those who have explicitly requested it. If a recipient asks to stop receiving email of this nature, you may not send that person any further email;

5.4.7. create or forward "chain letters" or other "pyramid schemes" of any type, whether or not the recipient wishes to receive such mailings;

5.4.8. send malicious email, including flooding a user or site with very large or numerous emails;

5.4.9. enter into fraudulent interactions or transactions with us, a Seller or a Merchant (which shall include entering into interactions or transactions purportedly on behalf of a third party where you have no authority to bind that third party or you are pretending to be a third party);

5.4.10. use the Services or Site (or any relevant functionality of either of them) in breach of this Agreement;

5.4.11. use in an unauthorised manner, or forge, mail header information;

5.4.12. engage in any unlawful or criminal activity in connection with the use of the Services and/or the Site or any Voucher; or

5.4.13. copy or use any User Content for any commercial purposes.

5.5. Equipment: The Services and use of the Site does not include the provision of a computer or other necessary equipment to access the Site or the Services. To use the Site or Services, you will require Internet connectivity and appropriate telecommunication links. We shall not be liable for any telephone costs, telecommunications costs or other costs that you may incur.

6. RULES ABOUT USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE SITE

6.1. Errors and omissions: We are not liable for errors or omissions (e.g., listing a Voucher at €1.99 instead of €199!) if we have complied with the standards set out in section 4 of this Agreement. We will use reasonable endeavours to correct any errors or omissions as soon as practicable after being notified of them. We reserve the right to change, modify, substitute, suspend or remove without notice any Voucher, Item, Services or information on the Site or forming part of the Services from time to time.

6.2. Viruses and similar stuff: We do not give any warranty that the Services or the Site are free from viruses or anything else which may have a harmful effect on any technology.

6.3. Stopping access: Although we will try to allow uninterrupted access to the Services and the Site, access to the Services and the Site may be suspended, restricted or terminated at any time. Your access to the Site and/or the Services may also be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to restore such access as soon as we reasonably can. We also reserve the right to block access to and/or to edit or remove any material which in our reasonable opinion may give rise to a breach of any of this Agreement.

6.4. Closing Accounts: We reserve the right to close Accounts if any user is violating our terms of use (i.e., this Agreement), including if he is seen to be using proxy IPs (Internet Protocol addresses) in order to attempt to hide the use of multiple Accounts, or if a user pretends to be located in a country different from where he actually resides, or if he disrupts the Site or the Services in any way.

6.5. Multiple Accounts: If you use multiple Accounts, if we do take any action against you, you may have action taken against all of your Accounts.

7. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION

7.1. If you use (or anyone other than you, with your permission uses) the Services or Site in contravention of this Agreement, we may suspend your use of the Services and/or Site (in whole or in part).

7.2. If we suspend the Services or Site, we may refuse to restore the Services or Site until we receive an assurance from you, in a form we deem acceptable, that there will be no further breach of the provisions of this Agreement.

7.3. Groupon International shall fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Groupon International to disclose the identity or locate anyone in breach of this Agreement.

7.4. Without limitation to anything else in this section 7, we shall be entitled immediately or at any time (in whole or in part) to: i) suspend the Services and/or Site; ii) suspend your use of the Services and/or Site; iii) suspend the use of the Services and/or Site for persons we believe to be connected (in whatever manner) to you; and/or iv) terminate this Agreement immediately if: 7.4.1. you commit any breach of this Agreement; 7.4.2. we suspect, on reasonable grounds, that you have, might or will commit a breach of this Agreement; or 7.4.3. we suspect, on reasonable grounds, that you may have committed or be committing any fraud against us or any person.

7.5. Notwithstanding anything else in this section 7, we may terminate this Agreement at any time.

7.6. Our right to terminate this Agreement shall not prejudice any other right or remedy we may have in respect of any breach or any rights, obligations or liabilities accrued prior to termination.

8. DATA PROTECTION

8.1. Please see our Privacy Statement and Cookies Policy which form part of this Agreement.

9. ADVERTISEMENTS

9.1. Any advertisements may be delivered on our behalf by a third party advertising company, which may, on our behalf, place or recognise a unique "cookie" on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by any company, see our Cookies Policy and Privacy Statement.

10. LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER SITES

10.1. Where the Site contains links to third party sites and to resources provided by third parties (together "Other Sites"), those Other Sites are merely linked to provide information only and are solely for your convenience. We have no control over, do not accept, and we assume no responsibility for Other Sites or for the content or products of Other Sites (including relating to social networking sites such as Facebook) and we accept no responsibility for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party Sites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.

11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

11.1. Groupon International grants you a limited, personal, nontransferable, nonexclusive, revocable license to access and use the Site pursuant to this Agreement and to any additional terms and policies set forth by Groupon International. All intellectual property rights (including all copyright, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, social media identifiers, designs, whether registered or unregistered) in the Site and Services, (subject to section 11.4 below) materials, information and content on the Site or accessed as part of the Services, any database operated by us, all the Site design, text, graphics, software, photos, video, music, sound, data, all software compilations, underlying source code and software (including applets and scripts), and all their selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement shall remain our property (or that of our licensors). You shall not, and shall not attempt to, obtain any ownership or title to any such property. All rights are reserved.

11.2. None of the material listed in section 11.1 above, in whole or in part, may be reproduced, distributed, copied, modified, distributed, published, downloaded, displayed, posted, performed or transmitted in any form or by any means, sold, rented, re-sold, licensed or sub-licensed, used to create derivative works, or in any way exploited without the prior express written permission of the Groupon Group or the copyright owner, except as otherwise expressly stated under copyright law. You may, however, retrieve and display the content of the Site on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form (but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network). You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy, distribute, display, perform or use for commercial purposes any of the materials, information or content on the Site without our permission. If downloading, copying, redistribution, retransmission or publication of copyrighted material is permitted by law, you will make independent attribution and/or make no changes in or deletion of any author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. Any violation of these restrictions may result in a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right infringement that may subject you to civil and/or criminal penalties. In addition, you may not make any use that exceeds or violates this Agreement.

11.3. Groupon owns trademarks, registered and unregistered, in many countries and "GROUPON," the Groupon logos and variations thereof found on the Site are trademarks owned by Groupon, Inc. or its related entities and all use of these marks inures to the benefit of Groupon. “GROUPON” is a trademark registered in the following countries: Algeria, Antigua, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Bahamas, Bahrain, Belarus, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Columbia, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, the European Union, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Israel, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Lebanon, Liechtenstein, Macedonia, Mexico, Moldova, Morocco, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, O.A.P.I., Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, the Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United States of America, Uruguay, Venezuela, and Vietnam. A non-exhaustive list of Groupon’s trademarks can be found here.

11.4. Title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the content accessed using the Site and Services is the property of the applicable content owner or Merchant and may be protected by applicable copyright, trademark or other law. This Agreement gives you no rights to such content except for the licenses granted herein.

11.5. Except in respect of User Content, the authors of the literary and artistic works in the pages in the Site have asserted their moral rights to be identified as the author of those works.

11.6. Any material you transmit or post or submit to the Site (or otherwise to us) shall be considered (and we may treat it as) non-confidential and non-proprietary, subject to section 3, our obligations under data protection legislation and subject to any payment details you provide for the purpose of making a payment. If for some reason, any part of that statement does not work as a matter of law, then for anything which you supply to us from whatever source (i.e., via email, the Site or otherwise) you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, fully paid-up, transferrable, non-exclusive right to use, copy, modify, adapt, translate, publish, distribute, display and perform world-wide any such material, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereinafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, all without compensation to you, for the purpose of operating the Site and providing the Services.

12. GENERAL

12.1. Interpretation: In this Agreement:

12.1.1. words denoting persons includes natural persons, partnerships, limited liability partnerships, bodies corporate and unincorporated associations of persons;

12.1.2. section headings such as ("12. GENERAL" at the start of this section) and section titles (such as "Interpretation:" at the start of this section 12.1) are purely for ease of reference and do not form part of or affect the interpretation of this Agreement; and

12.1.3. references to "include" and "including" shall be deemed to mean respectively "include(s) without limitation" and "including without limitation".

12.2. No partnership/agency: Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a joint venture, partnership or agency relationship between you and us and neither party shall have the right or authority to incur any liability, debt or cost or enter into any contracts or other arrangements in the name of or on behalf of the other.

12.3. No other terms: Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, all warranties, conditions and other terms, whether express or implied, by statute, common law or otherwise are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.

12.4. Assignment: You may not assign or delegate or otherwise deal with all or any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement. We shall have the right to assign all or any of our rights and or delegate or sub-contract our obligations under this Agreement to any person.

12.5. Events beyond our reasonable control: We shall not be liable for any breach of our obligations under this Agreement where we are hindered or prevented from carrying out our obligations by any cause outside our reasonable control.

12.6. No waiver: No waiver by us of any default of yours under this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver by us of any future defaults, whether of a like or different character. No granting of time or other forbearance or indulgence by us to you shall in any way release, discharge or otherwise affect your Liability under this Agreement.

12.7. Notices: Unless otherwise stated within this Agreement, notices to be given to either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, electronic mail (other than, if you are sending a notice to us for the purpose of legal process) sent by fax or by pre-paid post, to you at the address you supplied to us or to us at our registered office.

12.8. No Third party rights: You hereby agree and acknowledge that Groupon International enters into this Agreement for its own benefit but also as an agent for the benefit and on behalf of the Groupon Group and our third party content providers and licensors (the Third Party Rights Holders”) and that all rights and benefits of Groupon International (but not any burdens or obligations) under or in connection with this Agreement including under indemnity, contract, tort, or howsoever arising shall be rights and benefits of the each of the Third Party Rights Holders (as if each one were a party to this Agreement). Such rights and benefits shall be enforceable under this Agreement by Groupon International for itself and/or as agent for any or all of the Third Party Rights Holders.

12.9. Survival: In any event, the provisions of sections 1, 3, 4, 7, 11, 12 and 13 of this Agreement, together with those provisions that either are expressed to survive its expiry or termination or from their nature or context it is contemplated that they are to survive such termination, shall survive termination of the Agreement. In the event you use the Services or Site again, then the provisions of the terms and conditions that then apply will govern your re-use of the Services or Site. In the event you use Vouchers bought under this Agreement, then those provisions applicable to Vouchers will survive termination of this Agreement.

12.10. Severability: If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severed and where capable the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this agreement shall not be affected.

12.11. Governing law: This Agreement (and all non-contractual relationships between you and us) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland.

13. DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement, we use various defined terms. You will know they are defined because they begin with a capital letter. This is what they mean:

“Account” means your Groupon Account.

“Liability” means liability in or for any cause of action whatsoever (including breach of contract, tort, misrepresentation, restitution or any other cause of action whatsoever) relating to or arising under or in connection with this Agreement (including liability expressly provided for under this Agreement or arising by reason of the invalidity or unenforceability of any term of this Agreement) - and for the purposes of this definition, all references to "Agreement" shall be deemed to include any collateral contract.

“Merchant” means a Seller of Products for which a Voucher can be redeemed. A Merchant is NOT any of the Sellers or Groupon International.

“Site” means websites, mobile applications, electronic communications or services, social networking sites, or any individual, business partner-specific, merchant-specific, city-specific, or other area-specific websites that link to or reference these terms of use.

“Register” means to create an Account on the Site, and "Registration" means the action of creating an Account.

“Services” means all or any of the services provided by Groupon International via the Site (or via other electronic - or other - communication from Groupon International) including mobile applications, our newsletter, emails we send you and the information services, content and transaction capabilities on the Site (including the ability to make a purchase).

“Voucher” means a voucher which is sold by the Sellers and can be exchanged for Products from a relevant Merchant, subject to terms and conditions listed on the Voucher itself and/or on the deal page of the Site from which the Voucher was purchased.

“Products” means goods and/or services which are described as part of a Voucher (and for which a Voucher can be redeemed).



*******************************

GROUPON VOUCHER TERMS OF SALE – UK
1. General Information

1.1 These Terms of Sale apply to every Voucher you purchase from Groupon.

1.2 Groupon means MyCityDeal Limited (trading as Groupon UK), a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales registered in England and with its registered office at Floors 11-12, Aldgate Tower, 2 Leman Street, London E1 8FA. Groupon’s registration number is 07112363 and its VAT number is GB989026181 .

1.3 Voucher means an instrument, in either physical or electronic form, which entitles the holder of such Voucher (the “Voucher Holder”) to either receive the Merchant Offering from the Merchant or the Groupon Shop Goods from Groupon Shop during the period of time stated on the Voucher (the “Redemption Period”).

1.4 The Merchant Offering shall mean the goods and/or services to be supplied and/or provided by the Merchant to the Voucher Holder, as specified on Groupon’s Site and on the Voucher.

1.5 The Merchant is a third party unrelated to Groupon that sells, supplies and/or provides the Merchant Offering. Groupon does not sell, supply and/or provide the Merchant Offering. It only sells and supplies the Voucher.

1.6 Groupon Shop Ltd. (“Groupon Shop”) is an affiliate company of Groupon that sells and supplies various products (the “Groupon Shop Goods”). Groupon does not sell or supply the Groupon Shop Goods. It only sells and delivers the Voucher.

1.7 These Terms of Sale were last updated on 18 March 2019 (version (version 003b)

1.8 Groupon reserves the right to unilaterally amend these Terms of Sale at any time. All amendments to these Terms of Sale will be posted on-line. You will be bound only to the version of the Terms of Sale you agreed to at the time you purchase a Voucher.

2. Purchase of a Voucher

2.1 You must be at least 18 years old to purchase a Voucher. Before you can make a purchase you need to register and create an account with Groupon International Limited.

2.2 By clicking on the “Buy Now” button you submit an offer to Groupon to buy the Voucher. However, the purchase of the Voucher is not complete until you receive an email from Groupon confirming acceptance of your offer. Groupon expressly reserves the right to reject your order. In addition, even if Groupon has accepted your order, it can cancel the contract at any time if it reasonably suspects that you have committed or that you may be committing any fraud against Groupon, Groupon Shop, an affiliated third party of Groupon or the Merchant.

2.3 The Merchant and Groupon Shop may have its their own terms and conditions applicable to the sale, supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering or of the Groupon Shop Goods.

3. Redemption of a Voucher

3.1 Unless expressly stated otherwise:

(a) the Voucher can only be redeemed once;

(b) the Voucher can only be redeemed with the Merchant or with Groupon Shop and not with Groupon;

(c) the Voucher is valid for one person only; and

(d) you must follow the redemption instructions associated with the Voucher when you redeem the Voucher with the Merchant or with Groupon Shop.

3.2 All Vouchers sold by Groupon are multi-purpose Vouchers which can be redeemed with either the Merchant or Groupon Shop.

3.3 In order to redeem a Voucher you must present it to the Merchant within the Redemption Period. If you do not redeem the Voucher within the Redemption Period, the Voucher expires automatically and cannot be redeemed anymore.

3.4 If you decide to redeem the Voucher with Groupon Shop you must do so within 7 calendar days after the receipt of the confirmation email. Redemption at Groupon Shop is for Groupon Shop Goods worth the amount you paid for the Voucher and not for the original (un-discounted) value of the Merchant Offering. If you do not redeem the Voucher with Groupon Shop within the 7 calendar days, the Voucher can only be redeemed with the Merchant.

3.5 In the event that a Merchant Offering on the Groupon Site is a “Direct Checkout” deal, Groupon will collect your shipping details at the time of purchase. Groupon will then pass these details to the Merchant on your behalf. The Merchant will then process the redemption of your Voucher and dispatch the Merchant Offering to you.

3.6 Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Voucher does not entitle the Voucher Holder to receive the Merchant Offering at a specific time. You are strongly recommended to contact the Merchant at an early stage. Doing so will give you the best chance of securing your preferred time for the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering. Groupon cannot influence the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering.

3.7 If you decide to redeem the Voucher for goods and/or services other than the Merchant Offering, you will not be entitled to a credit, cash refund or new Voucher for the difference between the value of the Merchant Offering and the actual value of the goods and/or services supplied and/or provided by the Merchant to you.

3.8 Vouchers are redeemable in their entirety only. If, for whatever reason, you redeem the Voucher with a Merchant or with Groupon Shop for less than the original (un-discounted) value of the Merchant Offering, you are not entitled to a credit, cash refund or new Voucher for the difference between the original (un-discounted) value and the redeemed value.

3.9 On behalf of the Merchant, Groupon may collect booking fees or other costs associated with the purchase and/or redemption of a Voucher. All such fees or costs (if any) will be communicated to you before you purchase the Voucher.

3.10 In the event that a Merchant cannot supply and/or provide the Merchant Offering as described for unforeseen reasons, Groupon will notify you as soon as possible by email. Groupon will offer you either a new voucher with comparable benefits (if available) or the repayment of the purchase price of the Voucher.

4. Use of a Voucher

4.1 Any purchase of a Voucher is for your non-commercial, personal use only (although you may give the Voucher to someone else for their non-commercial, personal use). The commercial trade of a Voucher is prohibited. The reproduction of a Voucher is prohibited.

4.2 Your Voucher is solely your responsibility. Neither Groupon nor the Merchant or Groupon Shop are responsible for lost or stolen Vouchers or for retrieving Voucher reference numbers or Voucher security codes.

4.3 You promise not to provide false data including false names, addresses and/or contact or payment details; or engage in any unlawful activity in connection with the purchase or use of a Voucher, or allow anyone else to do so.

4.4 Any attempt to redeem a Voucher contrary to these Terms of Sale may render a Voucher void at Groupon’s discretion.

5. Cancellation (and exceptions), Refunds and Problems

5.1 You have a statutory right to cancel your purchase of the Voucher within 14 calendar days after the day you receive the confirmation email (the “Voucher Cancellation Period”). However, if you redeem your Voucher during the Voucher Cancellation Period, you expressly request the services to begin being provided to you, and you acknowledge that you lose your right to cancel the purchase of the Voucher . Since Groupon is not responsible for the supply or provision of the Merchant Offering, once your Voucher is redeemed Groupon has completed its services to you in full. Please note that, for the avoidance of doubt, this section also applies to all “Direct Checkout” deals.

5.2 If you want to cancel your purchase of a Voucher you can do so in any of the following ways:

5.2.1 by filling out and submitting the cancellation form online at https://static.groupon.co.uk/mail_img/global/forms/UK_Voucher_Cancellation_Form.pdf; or

5.2.2 by contacting us at http://www.groupon.co.uk/contact.

5.3 If you cancel your purchase of the Voucher in accordance with this section 5, Groupon will refund you for all payments made as part of your purchase within 14 calendar days from the day on which you informed Groupon about your cancellation.



5.4 If you redeem your Voucher, but the Merchant or Groupon Shop has not properly provided you with the Merchant Offering or the Groupon Shop Goods, or if you have a complaint regarding the provision of the Merchant Offering or the Groupon Shop Goods, you must take action against the Merchant or Groupon Shop directly. This is because the Merchant or Groupon Shop, and not Groupon, is responsible for the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering or Groupon Shop Goods. Groupon only sells and supplies the Voucher. However, if you and the Merchant or Groupon Shop cannot agree on how to resolve the complaint, Groupon may, upon your request, try to help resolve the issue between you and the Merchant or Groupon Shop.

5.5 Unless you expressly inform Groupon in advance not to, any refund will be refunded to you via your original method of payment. If your original method of payment has been cancelled, expired or has otherwise changed, you must inform the customer support team immediately at https://www.groupon.co.uk/customer_support. If you fail to do this and you are refunded to your original method of payment, you may need to coordinate with your bank or your payment services provider to obtain your refund. Groupon will not provide more than one refund.

5.6 You have 30 days from the date you receive the refund to reject it. If you do not reject the refund during these 30 days, the refund shall be in full and final settlement of any and all claims you may have against Groupon related to, arising out of, or connected to that Voucher.

6. Responsibility for the Merchant Offering

6.1 Please note that the Merchant or Groupon Shop, and not Groupon , is:

6.1.1 the seller, supplier and/or provider of the Merchant Offering or the Groupon Shop Goods;

6.1.2 the party who enters into a contract with the Voucher Holder when the Voucher is redeemed; and

6.1.3 solely responsible for providing the Voucher Holder with the Merchant Offering or the Groupon Shop Goods and for the Merchant Offering or the Groupon Shop Goods themselves.

7. Groupon’s Standards of Services and Liability

7.1 Groupon promises that:

7.1.1 it will exercise reasonable care and skill in performing its obligations under these Terms of Sale;

7.1.2 the Vouchers are of satisfactory quality and fit for their purpose; and

7.1.3 it shall not contravene the requirements of fairness or professional diligence in what it does.

7.2 Groupon is always liable for: (a) death and personal injury caused by Groupon’s negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation made by itself; or (c) any implied contractual terms that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

7.3 Other than as set out in section 7.2 above, Groupon is not liable for any other losses or damages you may suffer, including any indirect or consequential losses.

7.4 Groupon does not promise the completeness, fitness for purpose or legality of the Merchant Offering or the Groupon Shop Goods. Groupon is not liable for the quality, safety, usability or any other aspect of the Merchant Offering or the Groupon Shop Goods.

7.5 Groupon is not liable for any breach of an obligation under these Terms of Sale where it is unable to carry out its obligations by any cause outside of its reasonable control.

7.6 Other than the liability arising under section 7.2, which is unlimited, Groupon’s total liability to you will in no circumstances exceed the amount of 200% the purchase price of the Voucher.

7.7 In certain countries applicable law does not allow some or all of the exclusions and/or limitations set out in this section 7. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above exclusions and/or limitations may not apply to you and you may have additional rights.

8. Groupon’s Site

Groupon’s Site (the “Site”) means the Internet website, mobile applications, electronic communications or services, or any location at which you can purchase a Voucher from Groupon. The Site on which Groupon markets the Vouchers is owned by Groupon International Limited. You can find more information about the terms of use of the Site, which are expressly incorporated into these Terms of Sale, here http://www.groupon.co.uk/terms_and_conditions/tou112015 .

9. Miscellaneous

9.1 If you breach these Terms of Sale and Groupon takes no action against you this does not mean that Groupon has waived its rights and remedies with regard to your breach. Groupon may still take action or exercise its rights and remedies for that action, or any other situation, where you breach your obligations under these Terms of Sale.

9.2 Unless otherwise stated within these Terms of Sale, notices to be given to either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered by electronic mail (other than if you are sending a notice to Groupon for the purpose of legal process) or by pre-paid post. Any notice Groupon sends to you will be to the address you supplied to Groupon when you registered for your Groupon account. You can send any notice to Groupon at the registered office address as set out in section 1.2.

9.3 If any provision of these Terms of Sale should be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Sale are not affected. Such invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid and enforceable provision which most closely achieves the economic effect contemplated by the invalid or unenforceable provision.

9.4 We will do our best to resolve any disputes about these Terms of Sale. If you wish to bring a legal claim against us, you must do so within the United Kingdom (and English courts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction for your legal claim). If you live in England and Wales, the laws of England shall apply; if you live in Scotland, then Scottish law shall apply; if you live in Northern Ireland, then Northern Irish law shall apply. The previous sentence applies to all non-contractual relationships between you and us. The parties also agree that the United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this transaction.



*************************


GROUPON GOODS GLOBAL GmbH – TERMS OF SALE
This page sets out the terms for the sale of Goods by Groupon Goods to you.

1. Contract and information on the ordering process

1.1. The parties to this contract: These Terms of Sale ("Terms of Sale") are an agreement between you, the customer (referred to herein as "you" or "your") and Groupon Goods Global GmbH (referred to herein as "Groupon Goods", "we", "us" or "our"). We are a company registered in Switzerland (company registration number CHE-497.202.638) with our registered office at c/o Wadsack Schaffhausen AG, Oberstadt 3, 8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland. Our VAT number is GB169322887.

1.2. These Terms of Sale apply: By placing an order with us, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Sale and our Returns Policy.

1.3. Your offer: Your click of the “Buy Now” button is an offer to buy the products sold by Groupon Goods (the “Goods”). By clicking “Buy Now”, you explicitly acknowledge that, if your order is accepted by us, it places you under an obligation to pay for the Goods. You must be at least 18 years old to purchase Goods.

1.4. A copy of these Terms of Sale: We keep a copy of the contract between us (these Terms of Sale) – and we advise you to print out these Terms of Sale as a record.

1.5. Your legal rights: As a consumer, nothing in these Terms of Sale affects your legal rights related to faulty or misdescribed goods or your ability to cancel the contract.

1.6. Updates to these Terms of Sale: These Terms of Sale were most recently updated on 27.06.2017 (version 002c). We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Sale at any time (which we will post online). Any amendments to these Terms of Sale made after you have submitted your order will not apply to you in respect of that order.

2. Pricing and purchase

2.1. Pricing and whom you pay: We will take and process your payment for your order. All prices (including delivery charges) for Goods are inclusive of legally applicable VAT. Prices are set out to you prior to your purchase and at order confirmation. Our prices may change at any time, but changes will not affect your order, other than in circumstances described in Clauses 2.4 and 2.5 below.

2.2. Delivery charges: Prices may or may not include delivery charges. Any such charges will be stated in the “Fine Print” section of the deal. If delivery charges are not included in the purchase price, such costs will be displayed separately and added to the total amount due before you complete your order. If we are required to schedule a delivery time with you and you are not available at the agreed time, we may charge you the costs of rescheduling the delivery.

2.3. Placing your order: After you place an order by clicking the “Buy Now” button and agreeing to these Terms of Sale, the contract is complete after you receive an email confirming our acceptance of your order. However, we reserve the right to reject your offer and not conclude a contract with you. If we accepted your order, you will receive another email confirming dispatch of the Goods. Please note that, if we reasonably believe your order is fraudulent or you have otherwise violated applicable law when ordering, even if we have accepted your order, we reserve the right to cancel it.

2.4. Errors and omissions: Occasionally there may be an error or omission related to the pricing or description of the Goods we sell. We will use reasonable endeavours to correct any errors or omissions as soon as practicable after being notified or learning of them. We reserve the right to change, modify, substitute, suspend, or remove without notice any information related to Goods for sale (including the Goods themselves).

2.5. Post-purchase errors and omissions: Where we have made an error or omission and you have already purchased the Goods:

(a) if the actual price of the Goods is less than the stated price at the time you purchased the Goods, we will charge you the lower price; or

(b) if the price of the Goods is higher than the stated price, we will contact you and allow you the option to pay the correct (higher) price or cancel your order and receive a full refund.

3. Delivery of goods

3.1. Changing your order: Once you have placed your order, we are unable to make any changes to your order, including the quantity of Goods ordered or the delivery address. This Clause does not impact your legal rights to cancel or any rights to return you may have for the particular purchase.

3.2. Shipping: Groupon Goods shipping options will vary by offer. Your purchase is not eligible for shipment outside the United Kingdom. Additionally, shipment may be limited to specific geographic locations within the United Kingdom. For example, we may not be able to deliver certain Goods to: the Bailiwick of Guernsey (GY); Jersey (JE); Isle of Man (IM); Outer Hebrides (HS); Kirkwall (KW); Truro (TR1-20); and Lerwick (ZE).

3.3. Delivery estimates: Delivery estimates are provided in the Fine Print. We will do all that we can to meet the date given for delivery. Please note that unless otherwise stated, delivery estimates are only estimates; they are not guaranteed delivery times and should not be relied upon as such.

3.4. Title: Legal title to the Goods will transfer to you (i.e. the Goods will become your personal property) when the Goods are delivered to the delivery address you provided to us.

4. Cancellation

4.1. Your cancellation rights: Nothing in these Terms of Sale affects your legal rights to cancel orders within 14 calendar days from the day you, or a third party indicated by you, receive the Goods. In the event you have ordered multiple Goods in one order, or the delivery of your Goods consists of multiple pieces, the cancellation period does not begin until you receive the last item or piece.

4.2. If you want to cancel your order, you can do so in any of the following ways:

(a) by filling out and returning our standard withdrawal form that is made available to you via the confirmation email;

(b) by contacting us at http://www.groupon.co.uk/customer_support or support@groupon.co.uk;

(c) by post at the address in Clause 1.1; or

(d) through hand-delivered notice.

4.3. You must take reasonable care to ensure that the Goods are properly packaged so that they will not be damaged in transit. You will be responsible for the cost of returning the Goods to us. We recommend that you use a recorded delivery service when returning the Goods.

4.4. The following Goods are excluded from this legal right to cancel:

(a) perishable Goods such as food or flowers;

(b) audio/video recordings, DVDs or computer software that you have taken out of the sealed packaging in which they were delivered to you;

(c) Goods made to your own specifications;

(d) periodicals or magazines;

(e) lotteries or gambling games; and

(f) any other Goods that by reason of their nature cannot be returned, including those that would be damaged by transit.

4.5. Returning the Goods: Please note that if you exercise your right to cancel your order, you must return the Goods to us within 14 calendar days of such cancellation.

4.6. We may cancel: We may have to cancel an order before the Goods are delivered due to an event outside our reasonable control, including due to equipment breakdown or transportation difficulties. We will promptly contact you if this happens.

5. Returns and refunds

5.1. Our Returns Policy: Every item we sell is backed by our Returns Policy . In addition to your right to return Goods within 14 calendar days from the day that you, or a third party indicated by you, receive the Goods, you also retain all applicable legal rights to return new or refurbished Goods, including where goods supplied to you are incorrect or faulty.

5.2. Title to returned Goods: We take legal title to the returned Goods only after the Goods arrive at our returns destination. We reserve the right to issue a refund without requiring a return. In this situation, we do not take title to the returned Goods.

5.3. Problems with your returned Goods: We reserve the right to refuse to issue a refund and to recover the cost of the delivery of your return from you in the event that the Goods are found to have suffered damage after delivery to you; the Goods have been misused or used other than in accordance with the instructions or for inspection purposes; or if the problem with the Goods is due to normal wear and tear. This Clause 5.3 does not limit or affect your right to cancel your contract and return goods under Clause 4, or your rights where goods supplied to you are incorrect or faulty.

6. Goods information

6.1. We aren’t the manufacturer: We are not the manufacturer of the Goods we sell. While we work to ensure that the Goods match the description we have provided, are of satisfactory quality and are fit for use, the Goods may vary slightly from such product information. We encourage you to read all information presented on labels, warnings and directions which accompany the Goods before use. Any guarantee provided by us, the manufacturer or importer does not affect the legal rights and claims that you may apply under the contract.

6.2. Accuracy of descriptions: We have taken reasonable steps to display as accurately as possible the colours and other detailing of the Goods. However, the colours and detailing you see on the advertisement will depend on the equipment you use to view the Goods. We cannot guarantee that the display of any colour or other detailing on your television, mobile device, computer monitor or other device will exactly reflect the colour or detailing of the Goods upon delivery.

6.3. Healthcare Goods and safety: For healthcare Goods, in the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, we recommend you carefully read the information provided with the product or contact the manufacturer. Content on the website is not intended to substitute for advice given by a medical practitioner, pharmacist or other licensed healthcare professional. Customers should contact their healthcare provider immediately if they suspect that they have a medical problem. Information and statements about Goods are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or health condition. We accept no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about Goods by manufacturers or other third parties.

7. Liability

7.1. The standards we operate under: We always try our best at what we do and promise that:

(a) we will exercise reasonable care and skill in performing any obligation under these Terms of Sale;

(b) we have the right to sell Goods;

(c) we only sell the Goods for domestic and private use;

(d) Goods are of satisfactory quality and fit for their purpose, and

(e) we will not contravene the requirements of professional diligence in what we do.

7.2. This Clause 7 takes precedence over all other Clauses (except for Clause 1.5) and sets forth our entire Liability.

7.3. What we are responsible for: Nothing in these Terms of Sale shall exclude or limit our Liability for any Liability for (i) fraud; (ii) serious misconduct by us, excluding serious misconduct not conducted by us; or (iii) any Liability which cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law. You are obliged to take adequate measures to avert and reduce damages.

7.4. Categories of loss that we are not responsible for : Notwithstanding Clause 7.3, since we only sell Goods for domestic and private use, we are in principle not liable for: (a) loss of revenue or income; (b) loss of actual or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; and (d) indirect or consequential loss (and for the avoidance of doubt, we understand the words “consequential loss” to mean “consequential losses whether those losses are foreseeable, known, foreseen or otherwise”).

7.5. “Liability” means liability in or for any cause of action whatsoever (including breach of contract, tort, misrepresentation, restitution or any other cause of action whatsoever) relating to or arising under or in connection with these Terms of Sale (including liability expressly provided for under these Terms of Sale or arising by reason of the invalidity or unenforceability of any term of these Terms of Sale).

8. General

8.1. Interpretation: In these Terms of Sale:

(a) words denoting persons include natural persons, partnerships, limited liability partnerships, bodies corporate and unincorporated associations of persons;

(b) Clause headings such as ("8. General" at the start of this Clause) and Clause titles (such as "Interpretation:" at the start of this Clause 8.1) are purely for ease of reference and do not form part of or affect the interpretation of these Terms of Sale; and

(c) references to "include" and "including" shall be deemed to mean respectively "include(s) without limitation" and "including without limitation".

8.2. No partnership/agency: Nothing in these Terms of Sale shall be construed to create a joint venture, partnership or agency relationship between you and us and neither party shall have the right or authority to incur any liability, debt or cost, or enter into any contracts or other arrangements in the name of or on behalf of the other.

8.3. Assignment: You may not assign or delegate or otherwise transfer all or any of your rights or obligations under these Terms of Sale without our prior written approval. We will not refuse this approval without good reason. We shall have the right to assign or otherwise delegate all or any of our rights or obligations under these Terms of Sale to any person.

8.4. Events beyond our reasonable control: We shall not be liable for any breach of our obligations under this Agreement where we are hindered or prevented from carrying out our obligations by any cause outside our reasonable control. Where there has been an event outside our reasonable control which has affected our ability to perform our obligations under these Terms of Sale, our obligations will be extended for the duration of the event and we will notify you of this as soon as reasonably possible. Once the event is completed we will arrange with you a new delivery date for your Goods, if possible.

8.5. Our reliance: We intend to rely upon only the written terms set out in these Terms of Sale in respect of the Sale of Goods to you and not any representations made elsewhere.

8.6. No waiver: No waiver by us of any breach of yours under these Terms of Sale shall operate or be construed as a waiver by us of any future breaches, whether of a like or different character. No delay by us in taking action in the event of your breach shall in any way release, discharge or otherwise affect your liability under these Terms of Sale.

8.7. Notices: Unless otherwise stated within these Terms of Sale, notices to be given to either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, electronic mail (other than, if you are sending a notice to us for the purpose of legal process) or by pre-paid post, to you at the address you supplied to us or to us at our registered office.

8.8. No third party rights: All provisions of these Terms of Sale apply equally to and are for the benefit of Groupon Goods, its subsidiaries, any holding companies of Groupon Goods, its (or their) affiliates and its (or their) third party content providers and licensors and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly or on its own behalf (save that these Terms of Sale may be varied or rescinded without the consent of those parties). Subject to the previous sentence, no term of these Terms of Sale is otherwise enforceable by any person who is not a party to it.

8.9. Survival: In any event, the provisions of Clauses 1, 2, 4, 7 and 8 of these Terms of Sale, together with those provisions that either are expressed to survive its expiry or termination or from their nature or context it is contemplated that they are to survive such termination, shall survive termination of the Agreement.

8.10. Severability: If any provision of these Terms of Sale is held to be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be removed from the Terms of Sale without affecting the rest of the Terms of Sale. Where capable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Sale shall not be affected.

8.11. Governing law and dispute resolution: We will do our best to resolve any disputes about these Terms of Sale. If you wish to bring a legal claim against us, these Terms of Sale (and all non-contractual relationships between you and us) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English and Welsh law if you live in England or Wales, Scottish law if you live in Scotland or Northern Irish law if you live in Northern Ireland, and both parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland. The parties also agree that the United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this transaction.

9. Customer support

Contact Information

Contact us: http//:www.groupon.co.uk/contact

GROUPON INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL VOUCHER TERMS OF SALE – UNITED KINGDOM

1. General Information

1.1 These Terms of Sale apply to every Voucher you purchase from Groupon.

1.2 Groupon means Groupon International Travel GmbH, a Swiss company, with its registered office at c/o Wadsack Schaffhausen AG, Oberstadt 3, 8200, Schaffhausen, Switzerland. Groupon’s registration number is CH-180.110.104 and its VAT number is CHE-349.386.564.

1.3 Voucher means an instrument, in either physical or electronic form, which entitles the holder of such Voucher (the “Voucher Holder”) to receive the Merchant Offering from the Merchant during the period of time stated on the Voucher (the “Redemption Period”).

1.4 The Merchant Offering shall mean the goods and/or services to be supplied and/or provided by the Merchant to the Voucher Holder, as specified on Groupon’s Site and on the Voucher.

1.5 The Merchant is a third party unrelated to Groupon that sells, supplies and/or provides the Merchant Offering. Groupon does not sell, supply and/or provide the Merchant Offering. It only sells and supplies the Voucher.

1.6 These Terms of Sale were last updated on 27.06.2017 (version 004). Groupon reserves the right to unilaterally amend these Terms of Sale at any time. All amendments to these Terms of Sale will be posted on-line. You will be bound only to the version of the Terms of Sale you agreed to at the time you purchase a Voucher.

2. Purchase of a Voucher

2.1 You must be at least 18 years old to purchase a Voucher. Before you can make a purchase you need to register and create an account with Groupon.

2.2 By clicking on the “Buy Now” button you submit an offer to Groupon to buy the Voucher. However, the purchase of the Voucher is not complete until you receive an email from Groupon confirming acceptance of your offer. Groupon expressly reserves the right to reject your offer. In addition, even if Groupon has accepted your offer, it can cancel the contract at any time if it reasonably suspects that you have committed or that you may be committing any fraud against Groupon, an affiliated third party of Groupon or the Merchant.

2.3 The Merchant may have its own terms and conditions applicable to the sale, supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering.

3. Redemption of a Voucher

3.1 Unless expressly stated otherwise:

(a) the Voucher can only be redeemed once;

(b) the Voucher can only be redeemed with the Merchant and not with Groupon;

(c) the Voucher is valid for one person only; and

(d) you must follow the redemption instructions associated with the Voucher when you redeem the Voucher with the Merchant.

3.2 All Vouchers sold by Groupon are single-purpose Vouchers which can only be redeemed with the Merchant.

3.3 In order to redeem a Voucher you must present it to the Merchant within the Redemption Period. If you do not redeem the Voucher within the Redemption Period, the Voucher expires automatically. It cannot be redeemed anymore and you are not entitled to any reimbursement or compensation.

3.4 In the event that a Merchant Offering on the Groupon Site is a “Direct Checkout” deal, Groupon will collect your shipping details at the time of purchase. Groupon will then pass these details to the Merchant on your behalf. The Merchant will then process the redemption of your Voucher and dispatch the Merchant Offering to you.

3.5 Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Voucher does not entitle the Voucher Holder to receive the Merchant Offering at a specific time. You are strongly recommended to contact the Merchant at an early stage. Doing so will give you the best chance of securing your preferred time for the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering. Groupon cannot influence the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering.

3.6 If you redeem the Voucher for goods and/or services other than the Merchant Offering, you will not be entitled to a credit, cash refund or new Voucher for the difference between the value of the Merchant Offering and the actual value of the goods and/or services supplied and/or provided by the Merchant to you.

3.7 Vouchers are redeemable in their entirety only. They may not be redeemed partially or incrementally. If, for whatever reason, you redeem the Voucher with a Merchant for less than the original (un-discounted) value of the Merchant Offering, you are not entitled to a credit, cash refund or new Voucher for the difference between the original (un-discounted) value and the redeemed value.

3.8 On behalf of the Merchant, Groupon may collect booking fees or other costs associated with the purchase and/or redemption of a Voucher. All such fees or costs (if any) will be communicated to you before you purchase the Voucher.

3.9 In the event that a Merchant cannot supply and/or provide the Merchant Offering as described for unforeseen reasons, Groupon will notify you as soon as possible by email. Groupon will offer you either a new voucher with comparable benefits (if available) or the repayment of the purchase price of the Voucher.

4. Use of a Voucher

4.1 Any purchase of a Voucher is for your non-commercial, personal use only (although you may give the Voucher to someone else for their non-commercial, personal use).

4.2 Your Voucher is solely your responsibility. Neither Groupon nor the Merchant are responsible for lost or stolen Vouchers or for retrieving Voucher reference numbers or Voucher security codes.

4.3 You promise not to provide false data including false names, addresses and/or contact or payment details; or engage in any unlawful activity in connection with the purchase or use of a Voucher, or allow anyone else to do so.

4.4 Any attempt to redeem a Voucher contrary to these Terms of Sale may render a Voucher void at Groupon’s discretion.

4.5 The reproduction of a Voucher is prohibited.

4.6 The commercial trade of a Voucher is prohibited.

5. Cancellation (and exceptions), Refunds and Problems

5.1 If your Voucher is for a specific date or period, your purchase is final and you do not have the right to withdraw.

5.2 For Vouchers other than those mentioned in Section 5.1 above you have a statutory right to withdraw from your purchase of the Voucher by contacting the customer service within 14 days after the day you receive the confirmation email (the “Voucher Cancellation Period”. However, if you redeem the Voucher, you expressly request Groupon to begin providing the services to you, and you acknowledge that you lose your right to cancel the purchase of the Voucher. Since Groupon is not responsible for the supply or provision of the Merchant Offering, once your Voucher is redeemed Groupon has completed its services to you in full. Please note that, for the avoidance of doubt, this section also applies to all “Direct Checkout” deals.

5.3 If you want to cancel your purchase of a Voucher you can do so in any of the following ways:

· by filling out and submitting the cancellation form online ;

by calling the customer service team at 020 3808 4223;
by contacting us at http://www.groupon.co.uk/customer_support ; or
by writing us at the address mentioned in section 1.2.
5.4 If you cancel your purchase of the Voucher in accordance with this section 5, Groupon will refund you for all payments made as part of your purchase within 14 calendar days from the day on which you informed Groupon about your cancellation.

5.5 If you have been unable to redeem your Voucher with the Merchant before the expiry of the Redemption Period through no fault of your own, you may be entitled to a refund. In order to receive a refund, you must prove to Groupon’s reasonable satisfaction that your inability to redeem the Voucher was not your fault. The decision to grant a refund is within the sole discretion of Groupon.

5.6 If you redeem your Voucher, but the Merchant has not properly provided you with the Merchant Offering, or if you have a complaint regarding the provision of the Merchant Offering, you must take action against the Merchant directly. This is because the Merchant, and not Groupon, is responsible for the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering. Groupon only sells and supplies the Voucher. However, if you and the Merchant cannot agree on how to resolve the complaint, Groupon may, upon your request, try to help resolve the issue between you and the Merchant.

5.7 Unless you expressly inform Groupon in advance not to, any refund in cash will be refunded to you via your original method of payment. If your original method of payment has been cancelled, expired or has otherwise changed, you must inform the customer support team immediately at http://www.groupon.co.uk/customer_support . If you fail to do this and you are refunded to your original method of payment, you may need to coordinate with your bank or your payment services provider to obtain your refund. Groupon will not provide more than one refund.

5.8 You have 30 days from the date you receive the refund to reject it. If you do not reject the refund during these 30 days, the refund shall be in full and final settlement of any and all claims you may have against Groupon related to, arising out of, or connected to that Voucher.

6. Responsibility for the Merchant Offering

6.1 Please note that the Merchant, and not Groupon, is:

6.1.1 the seller, supplier and/or provider of the Merchant Offering;

6.1.2 the party who enters into a contract with the Voucher Holder when the Voucher is redeemed; and

6.1.3 solely responsible for providing the Voucher Holder with the Merchant Offering and for the Merchant Offering itself.

7. Groupon’s Standards of Services and Liability

7.1 Groupon promises that:

7.1.1 it will exercise reasonable care and skill in performing its obligations under these Terms of Sale;

7.1.2 the Vouchers are of satisfactory quality and fit for their purpose; and

7.1.3 it shall not contravene the requirements of fairness or professional diligence in what it does.

7.2 Groupon is always liable for: (a) death and personal injury caused by Groupon’s negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation made by itself; or (c) any breach by it of the promises in section 7.1 above or any other implied contractual terms that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

7.3 Other than as set out in section 7.2 above, Groupon is not liable for any losses not caused by its breach or any other losses or damages you may suffer, including any indirect losses.

7.4 Groupon does not promise the completeness, fitness for purpose or legality of the Merchant Offering. Groupon is not responsible for the quality, safety, usability or any other aspect of the Merchant Offering.

7.5 Groupon is not liable for any breach of an obligation under these Terms of Sale where it is hindered or prevented from carrying out its obligations by any cause outside of its reasonable control.

7.6 Other than the liability arising under section 7.2, which is unlimited, Groupon’s total liability to you will in no circumstances exceed the amount of 200% the purchase price of the Voucher.

7.7 In certain countries applicable law does not allow some or all of the exclusions and/or limitations set out in this section 7. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above exclusions and/or limitations may not apply to you and you may have additional rights.

8. Groupon’s Site

Groupon’s Site (the “Site”) means the Internet website, mobile applications, electronic communications or services, or any location at which you can purchase a Voucher from Groupon. You can find more information about the terms of use of the Site, which are expressly incorporated into these Terms of Sale, here .

9. Miscellaneous

9.1 If you breach these Terms of Sale and Groupon takes no action against you this does not mean that Groupon has waived its rights and remedies with regard to your breach. Groupon may still take action or exercise its rights and remedies for that action, or any other situation, where you breach your obligations under these Terms of Sale.

9.2 Unless otherwise stated within these Terms of Sale, notices to be given to either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered by electronic mail (other than if you are sending a notice to Groupon for the purpose of legal process) or by pre-paid post. Any notice Groupon sends to you will be to the address you supplied to Groupon when you registered for your Groupon account. You can send any notice to Groupon at the registered office address as set out in section 1.2.

9.3 If any provision of these Terms of Sale should be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Sale are not affected. Such invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid and enforceable provision which most closely achieves the economic effect contemplated by the invalid or unenforceable provision.

9.4 We will do our best to resolve any disputes about these Terms of Sale. If you wish to bring a legal claim against us, you must do so within the United Kingdom (and English courts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction for your legal claim). If you live in England and Wales, the laws of England shall apply; if you live in Scotland, then Scottish law shall apply; if you live in Northern Ireland, then Northern Irish law shall apply. The previous sentence applies to all non-contractual relationships between you and us.



************************

RESERVATION TERMS OF SALE
This document sets out the reservation terms and conditions of sale for the use of the Services of Groupon International Travel GmbH (the “Terms of Sale”). It is not possible to use the Services (including making a Reservation or a Purchase) without agreeing to these Terms of Sale. Please note that these Terms of Sale do NOT apply to the purchase of any item on the marketplace other than Accommodation, as such purchases have their own applicable terms of sale.

1. BASIC INFORMATION ABOUT THESE TERMS OF SALE

1.1. Groupon International Travel GmbH: Groupon International Travel GmbH is a company registered in Switzerland under number CHE-180-110.104 with registered office at c/o Wadsack Schaffhausen AG, Oberstadt 3, 8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland (whom we refer to as “Groupon Travel”, “us”, “we” or “our”). Our VAT number is CHE-349.386.564 MWST.

1.2. Groupon Travel and Suppliers: For any Reservation and any subsequent Purchase we act as an agent for the Supplier. The Accommodation featured on the Groupon International Site does not constitute an offer by us to sell any such Accommodation, but represents an invitation to you to make an offer to our Suppliers. We are free to accept that offer on behalf of those Suppliers or to reject it. This means that the contract for the Accommodation is between you and the Supplier. It is the Supplier (or where relevant, the Supplier’s principal) who is legally responsible for providing your Accommodation to you. As an agent, we are never legally responsible for the supply of your Accommodation. We say more about this below.

1.3. What are these Terms of Sale? Please read these Terms of Sale carefully as they apply to your use of the Services, any Reservations, any Purchase and any Accommodation (or otherwise). We will not allow you to make any Reservation or Purchase unless you have confirmed that you have read and accepted these Terms of Sale. Suppliers will have their own applicable terms and conditions that will apply to your Reservation and any subsequent Purchase. These Terms of Sale are subject to any relevant Supplier’s terms and conditions and you agree to abide by those terms and conditions when making a Reservation and any subsequent Purchase. In the event there is a conflict between these Terms of Sale and any Supplier terms and conditions, the Supplier’s terms and conditions shall take precedence and prevail over these Terms of Sale to the extent of any conflict.

1.4. The Groupon International Site: Our corporate affiliate Groupon International Limited in Ireland (“ Groupon International”) is operating the web and mobile sites and newsletter services where we feature Accommodations and Reservations. For Groupon International’s Terms of Use, take a look here. Groupon Travel is one of a number of sellers operating on the Groupon International Site. If you interact with the Groupon International Site in any way, you will likely see references to a number of companies in the Groupon group of companies (“Groupon Group”). Depending on what you purchase from the Groupon International Site there will likely be several contracts with different companies in the Groupon Group relevant to you. These Terms of Sale only apply in respect of your use of our Services. If you would like to learn more about all of the different legal relationships you may have when you visit the Groupon International Site, visit Groupon International’s FAQ here.

1.5. Privacy Practices: When you make a Reservation or Purchase through Groupon Travel you agree that we will collect, process and use information about you as described in our Privacy Statement .

1.6. These Terms of Sale: You accept these Terms of Sale when you use our Services (including making a Reservation or a Purchase). When we send you an email confirming your Reservation a contract is formed between you and us, which is governed by these Terms of Sale.

1.7. Your legal rights: As a consumer, nothing in these Terms of Sale affects your legal rights. Advice about your legal rights is available at your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.

1.8. Updates to these Terms of Sale: These Terms of Sale were most recently updated on 27.06.2017. We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Sale at any time (which we will post online). Any amendments to these Terms of Sale made after you have received your Reservation confirmation email will not apply to you in respect of that Reservation and any subsequent Purchase relating to such Reservation.

1.9. Definitions: In these Terms of Sale, various defined terms will be used. You will know they are defined because they begin with a capital letter. Defined terms are defined throughout these Terms of Sale and in Clause 12.

2. YOUR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THESE TERMS OF SALE

2.1. Minimum age: Only individuals who are at least 18 years of age or older may Reserve or Purchase. By making a Reservation or Purchase you confirm that you are at least 18 years of age or older.

2.2. Accurate information and disclosures: You understand and agree that Groupon Travel and any Supplier reserves the right to cancel your Purchase at any time for any failure by you to disclose any and all relevant information, whether about yourself or other individuals for whom you Reserve, as required under these Terms of Sale. You warrant that:

2.2.1. all information provided by you to us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Sale is true, complete and accurate;

2.2.2. you will promptly inform us of any changes in respect of the accuracy of the information you have provided to us;

2.2.3. you recognise and agree that it is your responsibility to disclose facts about yourself and individuals for whom you Reserve that may affect your (or their) ability to travel, such as any criminal offences and previous deportations from the destination(s) that you are travelling to;

2.2.4. if you or any individual for whom you Reserve wishes to travel to a jurisdiction (including the USA) that requires declaration of criminal records and you or any individual for whom you Reserve has any criminal records, including driving offences, that you will declare such records at the time of Reservation; and

2.2.5. you are aware of all rules regarding the entrance to a territory or country to which you are travelling (as well as those on whose behalf you Reserved), including any passport restrictions and requirements (such as blank passport pages or passport validity); you do not have a criminal record that would prevent you from travelling to that territory or country; and you meet the appropriate visa, vaccination, administrative and sanitation requirements. Groupon Travel shall not be responsible if you are denied entrance to the territory or country of your Accommodation for failing to disclose any of the above. Further, should you be so denied, you are not entitled to a refund in any amount.

2.3. Reserving for others: If you Reserve for individuals other than yourself, you represent that you are authorised to make such a Reservation on behalf of such individuals and that all individuals in the Reservation (and their personal representatives) have agreed to be bound by these Terms of Sale.

2.4. Behaviour: You undertake not to behave in a way that may cause distress, annoyance or may create the risk of danger to other individuals and/or damage to property during your use of the Accommodation. If at any time from departure until your return you (or any individual for whom you Reserve) are arrested or prevented from travelling at the discretion of a Supplier, or if you are evicted from your Accommodation at the discretion of a Supplier, we will not refund, on behalf of the Supplier, any portion of the purchase price of your Accommodation that you are unable to use as a result of your behaviour (or the behaviour of any individual for whom you Reserve). You agree to pay us for any losses, liabilities, damages or costs incurred by us arising out of any claims or legal proceedings which are brought or threatened against us by any person arising from or in connection with your behaviour (or the behaviour of any individual for whom you Reserve) under these Terms of Sale.

2.5. Fraud: If either we or a Supplier are notified or become aware of any suspected or actual fraud or illegal activity associated with any payments made in respect of a Reservation or a Purchase, we reserve the right within our sole discretion to cancel your Reservation or Purchase with immediate effect and without any compensation owed to you. Such right to cancel shall apply in addition to any other rights we may have against you.

3. RESERVING ACCOMMODATION

3.1. Making a Reservation: Subject to availability, you can make a Reservation online, through the Groupon International Site. To Reserve you must select the Accommodation you would like to purchase, select your room type and travel dates, click “Book!”, enter your email address and other personal information that we need so that you may login to your account or create an account, agree to these Reservation Terms of Sale and click “Complete Order”. Upon successful completion of these steps you will see a page on the Groupon International Site acknowledging our receipt of your Reservation.

3.2. Accepting your Reservation: We reserve the right to determine, within our sole discretion, whether to accept your Reservation. Your Reservation is not accepted by us until (and unless) you are informed that your Reservation has been accepted. If we reject your Reservation we will let you know and no payment will be taken from you. If we accept your Reservation, we will send you a Reservation confirmation email confirming your Accommodation. It is at this point – our sending of the Reservation confirmation email – that we accept your Reservation and a contract between you and us is formed. We will take payment shortly thereafter.

3.3. Checking your Reservation confirmation: It is important that you check the details on the Reservation confirmation email when you receive it. In the event of any discrepancy between your Reservation and the Reservation confirmation email, or if you do not receive the Reservation confirmation email within 24 hours of making the Reservation, please contact us immediately on 020 3808 4223 by email at support@groupon.co.uk

3.4. Your contract for the supply of Accommodation: Please note that it is the Supplier who is legally responsible for supplying you the Accommodation (though we remain responsible for what we set out in these Terms of Sale). As an agent, we are not legally responsible for the provision of your Accommodation, which will be supplied by the Supplier to you, under a contract between you and the Supplier. You agree and understand that by Reserving, the actual supply of your Accommodation (which is not what these Terms of Sale are about) will be under the terms and conditions of a Supplier.

4. PRICING

4.1. Whom you pay: All payments made by you for Accommodation will be taken by us, on behalf of Supplier, shortly after we confirm acceptance of your Reservation by sending you your Reservation confirmation email (as set out above).

4.2. Final price: We reserve the right to alter the prices of any Accommodation prior to Reservation. You will be advised of the current price of any Accommodation before you Reserve.This price may be different to the price originally represented to you on the Groupon International Site.

4.3. Pricing errors: In certain instances we may make a mistake and there may be errors in pricing when you Reserve. If we have made an error (whether it is human, technical or otherwise), we reserve the right to offer you the option of re-making a Reservation at the correct price or refunding you in full.

4.4. Taxes: In certain countries there may be taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments, or other charges (collectively, “Taxes”) levied by local authorities. Applicable Taxes for your Reservation will be set out to you prior to Reservation, including in the fine print or elsewhere on the Groupon International Site. Please note that you shall be solely and exclusively liable and responsible for paying all such Taxes.

4.5. Added Extras: You are advised that during and throughout your use of the Accommodation added extras may be available for you to purchase. Such added extras may include meals at your hotel, internet at your hotel, etc. (“Added Extras”). To the extent you did not purchase such Added Extras from us, any Added Extras will be your sole financial liability and the responsibility for the provision of these Added Extras lies with the supplier of such Added Extras (including any Supplier). Groupon Travel shall have no liability or responsibility in the provision, fulfilment, enjoyment, supply or otherwise of any Added Extras.

4.6. Post-Reservation price revision for Accommodation: Subject to Clause 5, Groupon Travel will not change the price of your Accommodation after we have sent you a Reservation confirmation email.

4.7. Refunds: In the event you receive a refund (in whole or in part), you will be refunded via your original method of payment. Where you are given a refund, you have 30 days from the date you receive the refund to reject it. If you do not reject the refund during this time, the refund is always in full and final settlement of any and all claims you may have against Groupon Travel related to, arising out of, or connected with, the Services, the Reservation or Purchase in respect of which you were refunded.

5. CHANGES AND CANCELLATIONS

5.1. If you change your details:

5.1.1. Please note that Groupon Travel may not be able to change the name of individuals on your Reservation. Whether we agree to such a name change request is solely within our discretion. If we do not change a name on your Reservation then you may need to cancel and re-Reserve, subject to availability (and incur any associated costs in respect of such cancellation). If you would like to inquire about changing a name, please contact us at 020 3808 4223 or support@groupon.co.uk.

5.1.2. Any change of details other than a name change may not be possible. However, you may always cancel your Purchase and Reserve again, subject to availability (but please see what we say about such cancellations in Clause 5.2 below).

5.2. If you cancel your Accommodation: Please note that any Purchase is cancellable, free of charge, until the cancellation date (if there is a cancellation date). You will see the cancellation date as part of the general restrictions of the Accommodation. The cancellation date will also be available in your Reservation confirmation email. Once the cancellation date has passed, your Purchase is non-refundable and non-cancellable. Please review the terms of the particular Accommodation you want to Reserve in respect of its cancellation date, as the cancellation date varies from Accommodation to Accommodation. If the reason for cancellation is covered under the terms of an insurance policy you have taken out in respect of your Purchase, you may be able to reclaim any charges we may charge you for your cancellation under that insurance policy. If you would like to discuss cancellation, contact us by email at support@groupon.co.uk or by phone on 020 3808 4223

5.3. If a Supplier changes your Accommodation: Occasionally, a Supplier may have to make a change to your Purchase. We or the Supplier will advise you of all such changes as soon as reasonably possible setting out the details of your updated Purchase and Accommodation. We take no responsibility or liability for any such change as we are not the Supplier.

5.4. If a Supplier cancels your Accommodation: We reserve the right to cancel your Purchase for any reason and without any compensation being owed if the cancellation is due to reasons of Force Majeure or failure by you to pay the full cost of your Accommodation or otherwise in accordance with the terms of these Terms of Sale.

6. STANDARDS OF CARE

6.1. We warrant that we:

6.1.1. will exercise reasonable skill and care in the performance of our obligations under these Terms of Sale;

6.1.2. are authorised to make available the Services offered through authorised websites; and

6.1.3. will not contravene the requirements of professional diligence in what we do.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

7.1. Limitation of liability: This Clause 7 takes precedence over all other Clauses in these Terms of Sale (except for Clause 1.7, to which it is subject) and sets out the entire liability of Groupon Travel in respect of any cause of action that arises under or in connection with these Terms of Sale, including the performance, non-performance, purported performance or delay in performance of our obligations under these Terms of Sale or the Service or any supply of an Accommodation (or any part of it or them).

7.2. Where we are liable: Nothing in these Terms of Sale shall exclude or limit our liability for any liability for (i) death or personal injury; (ii) any breach of the obligations implied by Section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982; (iii) fraud; (iv) fraudulent misrepresentation; or (v) any liability which cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.

7.3. No liability for Suppliers where we act as agent: Where we act as an agent for Suppliers, our responsibility to you is to select Suppliers with reasonable skill and care. To the extent (i) we have acted with reasonable skill and care in selecting the Supplier(s) and (ii) as permitted by applicable law, we exclude all responsibility and/or liability for the provision of your Accommodation or any acts or omissions of the Supplier. This is because the legal contract and legal responsibility for the supply of your Accommodation is between you and the Supplier (and not Groupon Travel).

7.4. Where we are not liable: Except for what we have said in this Clause 7 and Clause 1.7, we will not be liable where any failure in our performance of these Terms of Sale is: 7.4.1. attributable to you; 7.4.2. attributable to Supplier; 7.4.3. attributable to the failure of a third party unconnected with the provision of the Accommodation and where the failure is an event of Force Majeure; or 7.4.4. attributable to an event of Force Majeure that prevents us from performing under these Terms of Sale.

7.5. Limitation of liability in respect of our Services: We exclude and limit our liability for any liability in respect of any Services we provide which can be excluded at law and shall not be liable for: 7.5.1. loss of revenue; 7.5.2. loss of actual or anticipated profits; 7.5.3. loss of contracts; 7.5.4. loss of the use of money; 7.5.5. loss of anticipated savings; 7.5.6. loss of business; 7.5.7. loss of opportunity; 7.5.8. loss of goodwill; 7.5.9. loss of reputation; 7.5.10. loss of, damage to or corruption of data; and 7.5.11. indirect or consequential loss.

We understand the words "consequential loss" to mean "consequential losses whether those losses are foreseeable, known, foreseen or otherwise”.

7.6. Total Limit: Where we are found to be liable, liability shall be limited to a maximum of three times the amount of your Purchase.

8. Complaints

8.1. If you have a problem with your Accommodation you should immediately bring it to the attention of the Supplier of your Accommodation (for example the resort representative, hotel manager, etc.). If your complaint is not resolved locally, you should contact us and let us know the problem on 020 3808 4223

8.2. We will use our reasonable endeavours to provide all such prompt assistance as is reasonable in the circumstances and within our ability to provide. If you cannot make a call, please email us at support@groupon.co.uk and provide us with a number and time at which we can call you in order to attempt to assist.

8.3. If your complaint remains unresolved after informing the Supplier and calling us (at the number we have provided above), a complaint should be made in writing within 28 days of your return home to: ATTN: Customer Services, c/o Wadsack Schaffhausen AG, Oberstadt 3, 8200 Shaffhausen, giving your reservation reference number and all other relevant information we may reasonably request in relation to your Accommodation so that we may identify you. This is the special address we use to deal with any travel complaints.

9. DATA PROTECTION

9.1. Privacy Practices: When you make a Reservation or Purchase an Accommodation through Groupon Travel you agree that we will collect, process and use information about you as described in our Privacy Statement.

10. USEFUL INFORMATION

10.1. Passport requirements: A valid passport (valid for at least 6 months beyond the end of your holiday) is required for all Reservations and Purchases. Your specific passport and visa requirements and other immigration requirements are solely your responsibility. You should confirm these with the relevant embassies and/or consulates prior to travelling. We do not accept any responsibility if you cannot travel because you have not complied with any passport, visa or immigration requirements or if you are not in possession of the relevant vaccination certificates. A valid ID is sufficient for European Union citizens traveling in the European Union.

10.2. Health information: Depending on your Purchase, there may be compulsory health services applicable to your trip. We strongly advise you to seek advice and recommendations from a health professional at least eight weeks prior to travelling (whether that is your GP, a practice nurse, a pharmacist or travel health clinic). Additional information on travel health advice for English customers can be found on www.fitfortravel.scot.nhs.uk and www.nathnac.org/. Information on how to obtain medical treatment while abroad, as well as how to get reduced-cost and potentially free medical treatment while in Europe, can be found on NHS Choices at https://www.nhs.uk/NHSEngland/Healthcareabroad/Pages/Healthcareabroad.aspx.  

10.3. Foreign and Commonwealth Office advice: The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) provides travel advice about most destinations throughout the world. We encourage you to visit the FCO’s website in order to learn more about specific information relevant to your Purchase.

10.4. Travel insurance: It is important and highly recommended that you have travel insurance which covers you for the entire duration of (and all aspects relating to) your Accommodation. This is to ensure that you are financially protected in the event you need to cancel the holiday in certain circumstances. The amount of coverage you may need will depend upon your particular Accommodation.

10.5. Accommodation check-in and check-out: Accommodation check-in will depend on the Supplier of your Accommodation. While you must check with your particular Supplier prior to arrival for information on check-in and check-out times, as a general rule check-in will be 15:00 (local time) and check-out will be 11:00 (local time). Additionally, if you arrive late you should inform your Supplier to ensure any delay in checking in does not affect your rights. It is solely your responsibility to abide by your Supplier’s terms and conditions regarding check-in and check-out.

11. LEGAL INFORMATION

11.1. Interpretation: In these Terms of Sale:

11.1.1. words denoting persons includes natural persons, partnerships, limited liability partnerships, bodies corporate and unincorporated associations of persons;

11.1.2. clause headings (such as "11. LEGAL INFORMATION" at the start of this Clause) are purely for ease of reference and do not form part of or affect the interpretation of these Terms of Sale;

11.1.3. clause titles (such as "Interpretation:" at the start of this Clause 11.1) are intended to assist the interpretation of the clauses in which they appear; and

11.1.4. references to "include" and "including" shall be deemed to mean respectively "include(s) without limitation" and "including without limitation".

11.2. No waiver: If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms of Sale, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing. Such a waiver means only that we have waived that particular default at that particular time only and shall in no other way release, discharge or otherwise affect your liability under these Terms of Sale.

11.3. Notices: Unless otherwise stated within these Terms of Sale, notices to be given to either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, electronic mail (other than, if you are sending a notice to Groupon Travel for the purpose of legal process or to make a complaint in accordance with Clause 8.2) or sent by pre-paid post, to you at the address you supplied in your Reservation or to Groupon Travel at its registered office.

11.4. Survival: The provisions of Clauses 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 9, 11 and 12 of these Terms of Sale, together with those provisions that either are expressed to survive its expiry or termination or from their nature or context it is contemplated that they are to survive such termination, shall survive such expiry or termination of these Terms of Sale.

11.5. Severability: If any provision of these Terms of Sale is held to be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed severed and where capable the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Sale shall not be affected.

11.6. No partnership/agency: Nothing in these Terms of Sale shall be construed to create a joint venture, partnership or agency relationship between you and Groupon Travel and neither party shall have the right or authority to incur any liability, debt or cost or enter into any contracts or other arrangements in the name of or on behalf of the other.

11.7. No other terms: Except as expressly stated in these Terms of Sale, all warranties, conditions and other terms, whether express or implied by statute, common law or otherwise, are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.

11.8. Assignment: An assignment is a transfer of your rights under these Terms of Sale (for example, a right to receive compensation where such a right exists). You may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer all or any of your rights or obligations under these Terms of Sale without our prior written approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. We shall have the right to assign or otherwise delegate all or any of our rights or obligations under these Terms of Sale to any person, entity or company (such company being within the Groupon group of companies or such other company where the consumer’s rights under these Terms of Sale would not be prejudiced.

11.9. Entire Agreement: These Terms of Sale contain all the terms agreed between the parties regarding its subject matter and supersedes and excludes any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement between you and us, whether oral or in writing.

11.10. Governing Law and Jurisdiction: We will do our best to resolve any disputes about these Terms of Sale. If you wish to bring a legal claim against us, you must do so within the United Kingdom (and English courts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction for your legal claim). If you live in England and Wales the laws of England shall apply; if you live in Scotland then Scottish law shall apply; if you live in Northern Ireland then Northern Irish law shall apply. The previous sentence applies to all non-contractual relationships between you and us.

12. DEFINITIONS

12.1. Accommodation means accommodation for persons in a building or other similar structure including hotels, apartments, time-shares, villas, condos and houses.

12.2. Force Majeure means an event that is beyond the reasonable control of Groupon Travel or a Supplier and could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised, including, an act of God, war, riot, invasion, act of foreign enemies, hostilities, civil war, rebellion, revolution, fire, explosion, failure of public utilities or civil commotion, lightning, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, wind storms, tornadoes, acts of terrorism or sabotage, restrictive governmental laws or regulations, fire strikes, lockouts, industrial dispute or other labour difficulty of any kind (other than strikes by Groupon Travel's own staff), civil disorder, ionising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or radioactivity, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties of any nuclear assembly or nuclear component, epidemic and any other natural physical disaster or severe weather.

12.3. Groupon International Site means any platform, including the website offered or operated by Groupon International Limited, affiliate website, business partner network, email, mobile applications, other types of electronic offerings or other platforms or distribution channels owned, controlled, or operated by Groupon International Limited or Groupon Travel, their affiliate or business partners.

12.4. Purchase means the purchase of Accommodation from Groupon Travel. This definition shall include “Purchased” and “Purchasing”.

12.5. Reservation means the making of an offer to purchase an Accommodation (and this definition shall include “Reserve” and “Reserved”).

12.6. Services means the services provided by Groupon Travel to customers under these Terms of Sale, which include acting as an agent on behalf of Suppliers to make Accommodation available for Reservation.

12.7. Supplier means any supplier of any of the Accommodation offered for sale by Groupon Travel.

************************

GROUPON THIRD PARTY INVENTORY RESERVATION TERMS OF SALE
1. General Information
1.1 These Terms of Sale apply when you (a “Purchaser”) buy a Reservation of third party inventory on Groupon.

1.2 Groupon means MyCityDeal Limited (trading as Groupon UK), a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales registered in England and with its registered office at Floors 11-12, Aldgate Tower, 2 Leman Street, London E1 8FA . Groupon’s registration number is 07112363 and its VAT number is GB989026181 .

1.3 Reservation means an entitlement to receive the Merchant Offering from the Merchant, which may also be subject to provision of a ticket or other documentation.

1.4 The Merchant Offering shall mean the goods and/or services to be supplied and/or provided by the Merchant to the Purchaser, as specified on Groupon’s Site.

1.5 The Merchant is a third party unrelated to Groupon that sells, supplies and/or provides the Merchant Offering. The contract for the supply and purchase of the Merchant Offering will be between you and the Merchant you purchase the Reservation for and Groupon will conclude the contract on behalf of, and as agent for, the Merchant in all cases.  Groupon does not sell, supply and/or provide the Merchant Offering. It only sells the Reservation. 

1.6 These Terms of Sale were last updated on 24 May 2018 (version 001)

1.7 Groupon reserves the right to unilaterally amend these Terms of Sale at any time. All amendments to these Terms of Sale will be posted on-line. You will be bound only to the version of the Terms of Sale you agreed to at the time you purchase a Reservation.

2. Purchase of a Reservation

2.1 You must be at least 18 years old to purchase a Reservation. Before you can make a purchase you need to register and create an account with Groupon International Limited.

2.2 By clicking on the “Buy Now” button you submit an offer to Groupon to buy the Reservation. However, the purchase of the Reservation is not complete until you receive an email from Groupon confirming acceptance of your offer. Groupon expressly reserves the right to reject your order. In addition, even if Groupon has accepted your order, it can cancel the contract at any time if it reasonably suspects that you have committed or that you may be committing any fraud against Groupon, an affiliated third party of Groupon or the Merchant.

3. Receiving the Merchant Offering

3.1 Following purchase of your Reservation, you will be provided by the Merchant with any additional documentation provided (such as a ticket) to enable you to receive the Merchant Offering.  This additional documentation may be provided by a third party acting on behalf of the Merchant. 

3.2 Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Reservation does not entitle the Purchaser to receive the Merchant Offering at a specific time. You are strongly recommended to contact the Merchant at an early stage. Doing so will give you the best chance of securing your preferred time for the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering. Groupon cannot influence the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering.

3.3 On behalf of the Merchant, Groupon may collect booking fees or other costs associated with the purchase and of a Reservation. All such fees or costs (if any) will be communicated to you before you purchase the Reservation.

3.4 In the event that a Merchant cannot supply and/or provide the Merchant Offering as described for unforeseen reasons, Groupon will notify you on behalf of the Merchant as soon as possible by email.

4. Fraud and Unlawful Activity

4.1 You promise not to provide false data including false names, addresses and/or contact or payment details; or engage in any unlawful activity in connection with the purchase of a Reservation, or allow anyone else to do so.

5. Cancellation (and exceptions), Refunds and Problems

5.1 By purchasing the Reservation, you are expressly requesting Groupon’s services to begin being provided by you.  Since Groupon is not responsible for the supply or provision of the Merchant Offering, once the Reservation has been provided, Groupon has completed its services to you in full.  You are therefore not entitled to the 14 day statutory cancellation right when purchasing a Reservation from Groupon.

5.2 Your right to cancel the Merchant Offering will be subject to the Merchant’s terms and conditions and any applicable statutory rights.   

5.3 If you purchase a Reservation, but the Merchant has not properly provided you with the Merchant Offering, or if you have a complaint regarding the provision of the Merchant Offering, you must take action against the Merchant directly. This is because the Merchant, and not Groupon, is responsible for the supply and/or provision of the Merchant Offering. Groupon only sells and supplies the Reservation. However, if you and the Merchant cannot agree on how to resolve the complaint, Groupon may, upon your request, try to help resolve the issue between you and the Merchant.

5.4 Unless you expressly inform Groupon in advance not to, any refund will be refunded to you via your original method of payment. If your original method of payment has been cancelled, expired or has otherwise changed, you must inform the customer support team immediately at https://www.groupon.co.uk/customer_support. If you fail to do this and you are refunded to your original method of payment, you may need to coordinate with your bank or your payment services provider to obtain your refund. Groupon will not provide more than one refund.

5.6 You have 30 days from the date you receive the refund to reject it. If you do not reject the refund during these 30 days, the refund shall be in full and final settlement of any and all claims you may have against Groupon related to, arising out of, or connected to that Reservation.

6. Responsibility for the Merchant Offering

6.1 Please note that the Merchant, and not Groupon, is:

6.1.1 the seller, supplier and/or provider of the Merchant Offering;

6.1.2 the party who enters into a contract with the Purchaser after the Reservation is purchased; and

6.1.3 solely responsible for providing the Purchaser with the Merchant Offering and for the Merchant Offering itself.

7. Groupon’s Standards of Services and Liability

7.1 Groupon promises that:

7.1.1 it will exercise reasonable care and skill in performing its obligations under these Terms of Sale; and

7.1.3 it shall not contravene the requirements of fairness or professional diligence in what it does.

7.2 Groupon is always liable for: (a) death and personal injury caused by Groupon’s negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation made by itself; or (c) any implied contractual terms that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

7.3 Other than as set out in section 7.2 above, Groupon is not liable for any other losses or damages you may suffer, including any indirect or consequential losses.

7.4 Groupon does not promise the completeness, fitness for purpose or legality of the Merchant Offering. Groupon is not liable for the quality, safety, usability or any other aspect of the Merchant Offering.

7.5 Groupon is not liable for any breach of an obligation under these Terms of Sale where it is unable to carry out its obligations by any cause outside of its reasonable control.

7.6 Other than the liability arising under section 7.2, which is unlimited, Groupon’s total liability to you will in no circumstances exceed the amount of 200% the purchase price of the Reservation.

7.7 In certain countries applicable law does not allow some or all of the exclusions and/or limitations set out in this section 7. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above exclusions and/or limitations may not apply to you and you may have additional rights.

8. Groupon’s Site

Groupon’s Site (the “Site”) means the Internet website, mobile applications, electronic communications or services, or any location at which you can purchase a Reservation from Groupon. The Site on which Groupon markets the Reservations is owned by Groupon International Limited. You can find more information about the terms of use of the Site, which are expressly incorporated into these Terms of Sale, here http://www.groupon.co.uk/terms_and_conditions/tou112015 .

9. Miscellaneous

9.1 If you breach these Terms of Sale and Groupon takes no action against you this does not mean that Groupon has waived its rights and remedies with regard to your breach. Groupon may still take action or exercise its rights and remedies for that action, or any other situation, where you breach your obligations under these Terms of Sale.

9.2 Unless otherwise stated within these Terms of Sale, notices to be given to either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered by electronic mail (other than if you are sending a notice to Groupon for the purpose of legal process) or by pre-paid post. Any notice Groupon sends to you will be to the address you supplied to Groupon when you registered for your Groupon account. You can send any notice to Groupon at the registered office address as set out in section 1.2.

9.3 If any provision of these Terms of Sale should be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Sale are not affected. Such invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid and enforceable provision which most closely achieves the economic effect contemplated by the invalid or unenforceable provision.

9.4 We will do our best to resolve any disputes about these Terms of Sale. If you wish to bring a legal claim against us, you must do so within the United Kingdom (and English courts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction for your legal claim). If you live in England and Wales, the laws of England shall apply; if you live in Scotland, then Scottish law shall apply; if you live in Northern Ireland, then Northern Irish law shall apply. The previous sentence applies to all non-contractual relationships between you and us. The parties also agree that the United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this transaction.

Terms of Use
Facebook Ireland Limited has changed its name to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited. We've updated our Terms of Use, Data Policy and Cookies Policy to reflect the new name on 4 January 2022. While our company name has changed, we are continuing to offer the same products, including Instagram from Meta. Our Data Policy and Terms of Use remain in effect, and this name change does not affect how we use or share data. Learn more about Meta and our vision for the metaverse.


Terms of Use
Welcome to Instagram!

These Terms of Use (or "Terms") govern your use of Instagram, except where we expressly state that separate terms (and not these) apply, and provide information about the Instagram Service (the "Service"), outlined below. When you create an Instagram account or use Instagram, you agree to these Terms. The Meta Terms of Service do not apply to this Service.

Click here for a contract summary and here for other information that we are required by the European Electronic Communications Code to provide.

If you are a business established in the EU and use Instagram Shopping to sell goods to consumers located in the EU, you can learn more about your commercial relationship with us by reviewing the Platform to business notice, which supplements our Terms of Use.

The Instagram Service is one of the Meta Products, provided to you by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited. These Terms of Use therefore constitute an agreement between you and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
Impressum
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited is a company registered under the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
File number: 462932
To contact us by email:

Network Enforcement Act ("NetzDG")
To learn about the NetzDG, including how to submit reports against content that you believe is unlawful under the NetzDG, visit our NetzDG Help Centre page. Law enforcement officials may submit requests for information under the NetzDG through the Law Enforcement Online Request System.

Service agent for administrative proceedings and civil court proceedings within the meaning of Section 5 (1) NetzDG: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Berlin), Potsdamer Platz 1, 10785 Berlin.
Copyright Service Provider Act ("UrhDaG")
The authorised recipient in accordance with Section 20 UrhDaG for service in court proceedings is: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Düsseldorf), Feldmühleplatz 1, 40545 Düsseldorf.
Information for the state media authorities
Administrative notifications under IMT (German Interstate Media Treaty) to Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. can be served on: Facebook Germany GmbH, c/o Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Hohe Bleichen 7, 20354 Hamburg.
Ranking of content
Here, we have provided information on the ranking of content.

The Instagram Service
We agree to provide you with the Instagram Service. The Service includes all of the Instagram products, features, applications, services, technologies and software that we provide to advance Instagram's mission: To bring you closer to the people and things you love. The Service is made up of the following aspects:

    Offering personalised opportunities to create, connect, communicate, discover and share.
    People are different. We want to strengthen your relationships through shared experiences that you actually care about. So we build systems that try to understand who and what you and others care about, and use that information to help you create, find, join and share in experiences that matter to you. Part of that is highlighting content, features, offers and accounts that you might be interested in, and offering ways for you to experience Instagram, based on things that you and others do on and off Instagram.
    Fostering a positive, inclusive and safe environment.
    We develop and use tools and offer resources to our community members that help to make their experiences positive and inclusive, including when we think they might need help. We also have teams and systems that work to combat abuse and breaches of our Terms and Policies, as well as harmful and deceptive behaviour. We use all the information we have – including your information – to try to keep our platform secure. We may also share information about misuse or harmful content with other Meta Companies or law enforcement. Learn more in the Data Policy.
    Developing and using technologies that help us consistently serve our growing community.
    Organising and analysing information for our growing community is central to our Service. A big part of our Service is creating and using cutting-edge technologies that help us personalise, protect and improve our Service on an incredibly large scale for a broad global community. Technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning give us the power to apply complex processes across our Service. Automated technologies also help us to ensure the functionality and integrity of our Service.
    Providing consistent and seamless experiences across other Meta Company Products.
    Instagram is part of the Meta Companies, which share technology, systems, insights and information – including the information that we have about you (learn more in the Data Policy) in order to provide services that are better, safer and more secure. We also provide ways to interact across the Meta Company Products that you use, and have designed systems to achieve a seamless and consistent experience across the Meta Company Products.
    Ensuring access to our Service.
    To operate our global Service, we must store and transfer data across our systems around the world, including outside of your country of residence. The use of this global infrastructure is necessary and essential to provide our Service. This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Meta Platforms, Inc., Meta Platforms Ireland Limited or their affiliates.
    Connecting you with brands, products and services in ways you care about.
    We use data from Instagram and other Meta Company Products, as well as from third-party partners, to show you ads, offers and other sponsored content that we believe will be meaningful to you. And we try to make that content as relevant as all your other experiences on Instagram.
    Research and innovation.
    We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Service and collaborate with others on research to make our Service better and contribute to the well-being of our community. This includes analysing the data we have about our users and understanding how people use our Services, for example by conducting surveys and testing and troubleshooting new features. 


How our Service is funded
Instead of paying to use Instagram, by using the Service covered by these Terms, you acknowledge that we can show you ads that businesses and organisations pay us to promote on and off the Meta Company Products. We use your personal data, such as information about your activity and interests, to show you ads that are more relevant to you.
We show you relevant and useful ads without telling advertisers who you are. We don't sell your personal data. We allow advertisers to tell us things such as their business goal and the kind of audience they want to see their ads. We then show their ad to people who might be interested.
We also provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads to help them understand how people are interacting with their content on and off Instagram. For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers to help them better understand their audience. We don't share information that directly identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us specific permission. Learn more about how Instagram ads work here.
You may see branded content on Instagram posted by account holders who promote products or services based on a commercial relationship with the business partner mentioned in their content. You can learn more about this here.

The Data Policy
Providing our Service requires collecting and using your information. The Data Policy explains how we collect, use and share information across the Meta Products. It also explains the many ways in which you can control your information, including in the Instagram privacy and security settings.

Your commitments
In return for our commitment to provide the Service, we require you to make the below commitments to us.
Who can use Instagram. We want our Service to be as open and inclusive as possible, but we also want it to be safe, secure and in accordance with the law. So, we need you to commit to a few restrictions in order to be part of the Instagram community.

    You must be at least 13 years old.
    You must not be prohibited from receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable laws or engaging in payments-related Services if you are on an applicable denied party listing.
    We must not have previously disabled your account for violation of law or any of our policies.
    You must not be a convicted sex offender.

How you can't use Instagram. Providing a safe and open Service for a broad community requires that we all do our part.

    You can't impersonate others or provide inaccurate information.
    You don't have to disclose your identity on Instagram, but you must provide us with accurate and up-to-date information (including registration information), which may include providing personal data. Also, you may not impersonate someone or something you aren't, and you can't create an account for someone else unless you have their express permission.
    You can't do anything unlawful, misleading or fraudulent or for an illegal or unauthorised purpose.
    You can't violate (or help or encourage others to violate) these Terms or our policies, including in particular the Instagram Community Guidelines, Meta Platform Terms and Developer Policies and Music Guidelines.
    If you post branded content, you must comply with our Branded Content Policies, which require you to use our branded content tool. Learn how to report conduct or content in our Help Centre.
    You can't do anything to interfere with or impair the intended operation of the Service.
    This includes misusing any reporting, dispute or appeals channel, such as by making fraudulent or groundless reports or appeals.
    You can't attempt to create accounts or access or collect information in unauthorised ways.
    This includes creating accounts or collecting information in an automated way without our express permission.
    You can't sell, licence or purchase any account or data obtained from us or our Service.
    This includes attempts to buy, sell or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username); solicit, collect or use login credentials or badges of other users; or request or collect Instagram usernames, passwords or misappropriate access tokens.
    You can't post someone else's private or confidential information without permission or do anything that violates someone else's rights, including intellectual property rights (e.g. copyright infringement, trademark infringement, counterfeit or pirated goods).
    You may use someone else's works under exceptions or limitations to copyright and related rights under applicable law. You represent that you own or have obtained all necessary rights to the content you post or share. Learn more, including how to report content that you think infringes your intellectual property rights, here.
    You can't modify, translate, create derivative works of or reverse engineer our products or their components.
    You can't use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent.

Permissions you give to us. As part of our agreement, you also give us permissions that we need to provide the Service.

    We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a licence to use it.
    Nothing is changing about your rights in your content. We do not claim ownership of your content that you post on or through the Service and you are free to share your content with anyone else, wherever you choose. However, we need certain legal permissions from you (known as a "licence") to provide the Service. When you share, post or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (such as photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide licence to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings) for purposes of making the Instagram Service available. This licence will end when your content is deleted from our systems. You can delete content individually or all at once by deleting your account. To learn more about how we use information, and how to control or delete your content, review the Data Policy and visit the Instagram Help Centre.
    Use of your username, profile picture and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads and sponsored content.
    Your username, profile picture and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) can be used next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Meta Products, without any compensation to you. For example, we may show that you liked a sponsored post created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on Instagram. As with actions on other content and follows of other accounts, actions on sponsored content and follows of sponsored accounts can be seen only by people who have permission to see that content or follow. We will also respect your ad settings. You can learn more here about your ad settings.
    You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.


Additional rights we retain

    If you select a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it if we believe it is appropriate or necessary (for example, if it infringes someone's intellectual property or impersonates another user).
    If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Service (for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share), we retain all rights to our content (but not yours).
    You can only use our intellectual property and trademarks or similar marks as expressly permitted by our Brand Guidelines or with our prior written permission.
    You must obtain written permission from us or under an open-source licence to modify, create derivative works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us.


Content removal and disabling or terminating your account

    We can remove any content or information that you share on the Service if we believe that it violates these Terms of Use, our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines) or we are required to do so by law. We can refuse to provide or stop providing all or part of the Service to you (including terminating or disabling your access to the Meta Products and Meta Company Products) immediately to protect our community or services, or if you create risk or legal exposure for us, violate these Terms of Use or our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), if you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights or where we are required to do so by law. We can also terminate or change the Service, remove or block content or information shared on our Service, or stop providing all or part of the Service if we determine that doing so is reasonably necessary to avoid or mitigate adverse legal or regulatory impacts on us. In some cases when we remove content, we'll let you know and explain any options you have to request another review, unless you seriously or repeatedly violate these Terms, or if doing so may expose us or others to legal liability; harm our community of users; compromise or interfere with the integrity or operation of any of our services, systems or products; where we are restricted due to technical limitations; or where we are prohibited from doing so for legal reasons. If you believe that your account has been terminated in error, or you want to disable or permanently delete your account, consult our Help Centre. When you request to delete content or your account, the deletion process will automatically begin no more than 30 days after your request. It may take up to 90 days to delete content after the deletion process begins. While the deletion process for such content is being undertaken, the content is no longer visible to other users, but remains subject to these Terms of Use and our Data Policy. After the content is deleted, it may take us up to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery systems.
    Our right to terminate for good cause remains unaffected. Good cause is specifically if a party violates obligations under these Terms, any laws, third-party rights or privacy policies, and the terminating party cannot be expected to continue the contractual relationship under consideration of all circumstances of the individual case and having weighed the interests of both parties up until the agreed time of termination or the expiry of a period of notice. A termination for good cause is only possible within a reasonable time frame after becoming aware of the violation.
    If the good cause is a breach of an obligation of these Terms, termination is only permitted after an unsuccessful granted cure duty has expired, or after an unsuccessful warning. However, a time limit for remedy is not necessary if the other side refuses to fulfil its obligations seriously and with finality or if special circumstances justify an immediate termination, having weighed the interests of both parties. If you believe that your account has been terminated in error, or you want to disable or permanently delete your account, consult our Help Centre.
    Content will not be deleted within 90 days of the account deletion or content deletion process beginning in the following situations:
        where your content has been used by others in accordance with this licence and they have not deleted it (in which case this licence will continue to apply until that content is deleted); or
        where deletion within 90 days is not possible due to technical limitations of our systems, in which case, we will complete the deletion as soon as technically feasible; or
        where deletion would restrict our ability to:
            investigate or identify illegal activity or violations of our terms and policies (for example, to identify or investigate misuse of our products or systems);
            protect the safety and security of our products, systems and users;
            comply with a legal obligation, such as the preservation of evidence; or
            comply with a request of a judicial or administrative authority, law enforcement or a government agency;
        in which case, the content will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it has been retained (the exact duration will vary on a case-by-case basis).
    If you delete or we disable your account, these Terms shall terminate as an agreement between you and us, but this section and the section below called "Our Agreement and What Happens if We Disagree" will still apply even after your account is terminated, disabled or deleted.


Our agreement and what happens if we disagree
Our agreement.

    Your use of music on the Service is also subject to our Music Guidelines, and your use of our API is subject to our Meta Platform Terms and Developer Policies. If you use certain other features or related services, you will be provided with an opportunity to agree to additional terms that will also become a part of our agreement. For example, if you use payment features, you will be asked to agree to the Community Payment Terms. If any of those terms conflict with this agreement, those other terms will govern.
    If any aspect of this agreement is unenforceable, the rest will remain in effect.
    Any amendment or waiver to our agreement must be in writing and signed by us. If we fail to enforce any aspect of this agreement, it will not be a waiver.
    We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.

Who has rights under this agreement.

    This agreement does not give rights to any third parties.
    You cannot transfer your rights or obligations under this agreement without our consent.
    Our rights and obligations can be assigned to others. For example, this could occur if our ownership changes (as in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets) or by law.

Who is responsible if something happens.

    We are liable only as follows: We have unlimited liability in accordance with statutory provisions; arising out of injury damaging to life, limb or health; in case of intent, of gross negligence and in accordance with the Product Liability Act.

How we will handle disputes.
If a claim or dispute arises out of or relates to your use of the Service as a consumer, both you and us agree that you may resolve your individual claim or dispute against us, and we may resolve our claim or dispute against you, in any competent court in the country of your main residence that has jurisdiction over your claim or dispute, and the laws of that country will apply without regard to conflict of law provisions.

If a claim or dispute arises between us that relates to use of the Service in any other capacity, including, but not limited to, access or use of the Service for a business or commercial purpose, you agree that any such claim or dispute must be resolved in a competent court in Ireland and that Irish law will apply without regard to conflict of law provisions.
Unsolicited material.
We always appreciate feedback or other suggestions, but may use them without any restrictions or obligation to compensate you for them, and are under no obligation to keep them confidential.

Updating these Terms
We may change our Service and Policies, and we may need to make changes to these Terms so that they accurately reflect our Service and Policies. We will only make changes if the provisions are not appropriate anymore or if they are incomplete, and only if the changes are reasonable for you in consideration to your interests. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you of the changes and choices that you have (for example, through our Service) at least 30 days before we update the Terms, and we will give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Terms. If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account here.
Revised: 4 January 2022 

Kardia App Terms of Service (https://www.alivecor.com/tos/en/)

The website located at alivecor.com (the “Site”) belongs to AliveCor, Inc. (“AliveCor“, “we” or “us”). As provided below, AliveCor grants you the right to use the Site, our software applications, including without limitation Kardia (collectively “Software,” or “App”), and services provided through the Site or Software (together, the “AliveCor Service”), subject to the terms and conditions of use (“Terms of Service” or “Terms”) set forth below. The term “you” refers to the person visiting the Site.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING “ACCEPT” OR ACCESSING THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE ALIVECOR SERVICE. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OR BY USING THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING THE PRIVACY POLICY (TOGETHER, THE “TERMS”). If you are not eligible, or do not agree to the Terms of Service, then you do not have permission to use the AliveCor Service.

THE ALIVECOR SERVICE IS AVAILABLE TO KARDIA USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (USA), AUSTRALIA, ARUBA, CANADA, FRANCE, GERMANY, HONG KONG, INDIA, IRELAND, ITALY, JAMAICA, NETHERLANDS, SPAIN, TRINIDAD, TOBAGO AND UNITED KINGDOM. THE ALIVECOR SERVICE IS INTENDED ONLY TO RECORD, DISPLAY, STORE, AND TRANSMIT ELECTROCARDIOGRAMS (“ECG DATA”). YOU, AS THE USER OF THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ECG DATA RECORDED AND STORED BY THE ALIVECOR SERVICE. THE ALIVECOR SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED TO DIAGNOSE ANY HEART CONDITION OR AUTOMATICALLY ALERT HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS OR PATIENTS TO POTENTIALLY SERIOUS HEART OR CARDIOVASCULAR CONDITIONS OR ABNORMAL ARRHYTHMIAS. THE ALIVECOR SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED FOR COUNTINUOUS MONITORING AND WE DO NOT GUARANTEE A RESPONSE BY ANY PHYSICIAN(S) TO MESSAGES POSTED OR MEDICAL EVENTS REPORTED THROUGH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE. ALTHOUGH ALIVECOR MAY ENABLE YOU TO USE AN OPTIONAL ECG INTERPRETATION ALIVECOR SERVICE OR CONNECT YOUR ACCOUNT TO YOUR HEALTHCARE PROVIDER THROUGH OUR KARDIA PRO SERVICE, ALIVECOR DOES NOT AUTOMATICALLY REVIEW, MONITOR, EVALUATE, OR ANALYZE ANY INFORMATION GENERATED FROM THE ALIVECOR SERVICE. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO PRESENT YOUR MEDICAL DATA TO YOUR PHYSICIAN FOR PROPER ANALYSIS AND DIAGNOSIS.

Unless you are a consumer located in a jurisdiction that prohibits the exclusive use of arbitration for dispute resolution, these Terms provide that all disputes between you and AliveCor will be resolved by BINDING ARBITRATION. YOU AGREE TO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend your rights under this contract, except for matters that may be taken to small claims court. Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury, and your claims cannot be brought as a class action. Please review Section 24 (“Dispute Resolution and Arbitration”) for the details regarding your agreement to arbitrate any disputes with AliveCor.

    Use of the AliveCor Service. The AliveCor Service is intended only to allow you to upload, view, share data with your healthcare professional, and use certain data pertaining to you as made available by the AliveCor Service. You may not access or use the Service for any other purpose. You may use the AliveCor Service, including any data presented to you on or by the AliveCor Service, or otherwise hosted or stored by AliveCor for you, only for lawful and appropriate purposes on your own behalf, and subject to your full compliance with these Terms and any other guidelines and policies applicable to the AliveCor Service which AliveCor may post from time to time.

    Eligibility. You must be at least 18 years of age to use the AliveCor Service. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to us that: (a) you are at least 18 years of age; (b) you have not previously been suspended or removed from the AliveCor Service; and (c) your registration and your use of the AliveCor Service is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in your local jurisdiction. If you are using the AliveCor Service on behalf of an entity, organization, or company, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that organization to these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms on behalf of that organization.

    Accounts and Registration. To access most features of the AliveCor Service, you must register for an account. When you register for an account, you may be required to provide us with some information about yourself including personal information such as your name, email address, password, gender, height and birthdate. You may choose to provide additional information to us. You agree that the information you provide to us is accurate and that you will keep it accurate and up-to-date at all times. When you register, you will be asked to provide a password. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account. If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure, then you must immediately notify us at support@alivecor.com. Your account may automatically expire following any period of inactivity associated with your account in excess of twelve (12) consecutive months.

    Payment. Access to the AliveCor Service, or to certain features of the AliveCor Service, may require you to pay fees. Before you pay any fees, you will have an opportunity to review and accept the fees that you will be charged. All fees are non-refundable, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. If AliveCor changes the fees for the AliveCor Service, including by adding additional fees or charges, AliveCor will provide you advance notice of those changes. If you do not accept the changes, AliveCor may discontinue providing the AliveCor Service to you. AliveCor will charge the payment method you specify at the time of purchase. You authorize AliveCor to charge all sums as described in these Terms, for the AliveCor Service you select, to that payment method. If you pay any fees with a credit card, AliveCor may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase. The AliveCor Service may include functionality for activating, updating or canceling recurring payments for periodic charges. If you activate or update recurring payments through the AliveCor Service, you authorize AliveCor to periodically charge, on a going-forward basis and until cancellation of either the recurring payments or your account, all accrued sums on or before the payment due date for the accrued sums. If you use the AliveCor Service to update or cancel any existing authorized one-time or recurring payment, it may take several business days for the update or cancellation to take effect. AliveCor does not collect or store financial account information as defined in the Privacy Policy.

    License. AliveCor owns and operates the AliveCor Service. The documents and other information and content available on the AliveCor Service (the “Site Content“) are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws throughout the world. All copyright and other proprietary notices on any Site Content must be retained on any copies made thereof. Any unauthorized reproduction, modification, distribution, public display or public performance of any Site Content is strictly prohibited. AliveCor and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms.

    Subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms, AliveCor grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to install and use the App in object code format on devices that you own or control, solely for use with the AliveCor Services. By downloading or using our app(s), you:

        Acknowledge that the App is licensed, not sold to you; and

        Acknowledge that third party terms and fees may apply to the use and operation of your device in connection with your use of the App, such as your carrier’s terms of services, and fees for phone service, data access, or messaging capabilities, and that you are solely responsible for payment of any and all such fees.

    Clinician Review Service.

        General. AliveCor arranges for a third party medical professional ECG analysis group to provide professional ECG analysis services (“Clinician Review Service”) to you through the AliveCor Service for an additional fee. You have two options to have your ECG reviewed: (i) a board-certified cardiologist interpretation of your ECG (“Cardiologist Interpretation”); and (ii) a certified cardiographic technician review of your ECG (“Technician Review”). With your request and consent AliveCor sends the Clinician Review Service your data necessary to perform the requested service: the Cardiologist Interpretation or the Technician Review. The Clinician Review Service performs the requested service and electronically transmits the Cardiologist Interpretation or the Technician Review back to AliveCor’s systems, and we make the report available to you within the AliveCor Service. By accepting these Terms, you hereby agree to enrollment in the Clinician Review Service, although your use of the Clinician Review Service is optional. You will only be charged for the Clinician Review Service when and if you use the service. AliveCor reserves the right to change the Clinician Review Service providers or discontinue one or more of the Clinician Review Service offerings.

        Reports. You may use the AliveCor Service to generate reports of algorithmic outputs from AliveCor’s FDA-cleared algorithms using your data. Any reports from AliveCor’s FDA-cleared algorithms or from the Clinician Review Service serve the same purpose: to provide you more information with which to consult your healthcare professional, not as a substitute to consulting your healthcare professional and do not suggest a diagnosis. These reports are intended as information for you and to be used as a tool by your physician to provide proper diagnosis and treatment, taking into account your complete medical history. Diagnosis based on your data can only be accomplished by your physician. It is your responsibility to present your medical data to your physician for proper analysis and diagnosis.

        ECG Recordings. You have the option to obtain an ECG recording from your device at any time. Your ECG recordings are subject to multiple factors related to your health and activities. AliveCor and the Clinician Review Service providers make no guarantees of the accuracy or clinical significance of the interpretation of your data. Please be aware that your physician may disagree with the interpretation of your data. If you decide to use the Clinician Review Service, we will share your information with the Clinician Review Service when you give permission through the AliveCor Service.

        Restrictions. Due to telemedicine restrictions, your local jurisdiction may restrict your ability to use the Clinician Review Service. Since you are using a mobile device to collect your data, it is your responsibility to ensure the Clinician Review Service is legal according to your local telemedicine laws.

    Personalized Surveillance Service. Under some circumstances, AliveCor may present you with notifications or suggested actions based on AliveCor’s analysis of your historical data and other information you have provided to AliveCor such as ‘medications’, ‘symptoms’ or ‘activities’. For example, AliveCor may suggest that you periodically submit your data to the Clinical Interpretation Service for continued surveillance of your heart health. Those notifications or suggested actions, or lack thereof, are not an indication of your health, nor are those notifications or suggested actions intended to replace the opinion of your physician. It is your responsibility to present your data to your physician, and to discuss with your physician what the proper course of action is based on your medical history. AliveCor may also allow you to schedule reminder notices using the AliveCor Service, such as reminders to take medication. AliveCor makes no representations about accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of any push notifications, as parts of the process are outside of AliveCor’s control. You accept that any reliance on these reminders will be at your own risk, and AliveCor disclaims all liability arising from your use of them. You agree that AliveCor may send push notifications to your mobile device for AliveCor Service-related or marketing purposes, if they are enabled and in accordance with the Privacy Policy. You may turn off push notifications through your device settings.

    User Representations and Warranties.

        Kardia and Kardia Pro users represent, warrant, and covenant to AliveCor that you are a resident of the USA, Anguilla, Australia, Aruba, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Canada, Chile, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Kuwait, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Poland, Qatar, Spain, Switzerland, Trinidad, Tobago, United Kingdom, or United Arab Emirates.

        All users represent, warrant and covenant to AliveCor that (1) these Terms have been executed and delivered by you and constitute a valid and binding agreement with you, enforceable against you in accordance with their terms; (2) if you are using the AliveCor Service on behalf of another entity, you are an authorized representative of the entity and have the authority and agree to bind the entity to these Terms; (3) you will not access or use the AliveCor Service except as expressly permitted by these Terms and any additional instructions, guidelines or policies issued by AliveCor, including those posted in the AliveCor Service; (4) you will access and use the AliveCor Service in full compliance with applicable law; and (5) all of the information, data and other materials provided by you in support of your account registration are accurate and truthful in all respects.

    User Content

        User Content Generally. Certain features of the AliveCor Service may permit you, your healthcare provider, or other users to upload content to the AliveCor Service, including messages, images, data, text, location information, and other types of information (“User Content”) and to publish User Content on the AliveCor Service. You retain the copyrights, including any moral rights, and any other proprietary rights that you may hold in the User Content that you post to the AliveCor Service; provided that if you choose to link your account to our Kardia Pro service or information systems offered by your healthcare provider, any data provided to your healthcare provider may become part of your health record, and that copy of such data may be owned and/or controlled by your healthcare provider under applicable law.

        Limited License Grant to AliveCor. By posting or publishing User Content, you grant AliveCor a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, transferable right and license (with the right to sublicense) to use, host, store, transfer, display, perform, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, and distribute your User Content, in whole or in part, for any purpose in accordance with the Privacy Policy, in any media formats and through any media channels now known or hereafter developed. We may also create anonymized data and images from your User Content, and such data and images will no longer be your User Content. You irrevocably and forever waive any rights you may have regarding your User Content being altered or manipulated in any way that may be objectionable to you. AliveCor reserves the right to refuse to accept, post, display, or transmit any of your User Content in its sole discretion.

        Limited License Grant to Other Users. By posting or sharing User Content with other users of the AliveCor Service, or connecting your account to your healthcare provider through our Kardia Pro service, you grant those users and/or healthcare providers a non-exclusive license to access and use that User Content as permitted by these Terms and the functionality of the AliveCor Service.

        User Content Representations and Warranties. You are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing User Content. By posting or publishing User Content, you affirm, represent, and warrant that:

            you are the creator and owner of the User Content, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to authorize AliveCor and users of the AliveCor Service to use and distribute your User Content as necessary to exercise the licenses granted by you in this section, in the manner contemplated by AliveCor, the AliveCor Service, and these Terms; and

            your User Content, and the use of your User Content as contemplated by these Terms, does not and will not: (i) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) slander, defame, libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any other person; or (iii) cause AliveCor to violate any law or regulation.

            You agree to pay for any and all royalties, fees, or other monies owing any person by reason of User Content you post on or through the AliveCor Service.

                User Content Disclaimer. We are under no obligation to edit or control User Content that you or other users post or publish, and will not be in any way responsible or liable for User Content. AliveCor may, however, at any time and without prior notice, screen, remove, edit, or block any User Content that in our sole judgment violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable. You understand that when using the AliveCor Service you will be exposed to User Content from a variety of sources and acknowledge that User Content may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. To the fullest extent allowed under applicable law, you agree to waive, and do waive, any legal or equitable right or remedy you have or may have against AliveCor with respect to User Content. We expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with User Content, to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law. If notified by a user or content owner that User Content allegedly does not conform to these Terms, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove the User Content, which we reserve the right to do at any time and without notice.

                Procedure for Unlawful User Content

                If you believe that any User Content does not conform to these Terms, please notify us.

                We comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) applicable to our operations (17 U.S.C. §512, as amended). If you have an intellectual property rights-related complaint about material posted on the AliveCor Service, you may contact our designated agent at the following address:

                AliveCor, Inc.
                ATTN: Legal Department (Copyright Notification)
                444 Castro Street, Suite 600
                Mountain View, CA 94041
                USA
                650-396-8650
                Email: copyright@alivecor.com

                Please note that under applicable law, if you knowingly give false, misleading or inaccurate information that User Consent is infringing, you may be subject to civil or criminal penalty.

                Any notice under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) alleging that materials hosted by or distributed through the AliveCor Service infringe intellectual property rights must include all of the information required by the DMCA for such notices.
                    Repeat Infringers. AliveCor will promptly terminate without notice the accounts of users that are determined by AliveCor to be “Repeat Infringers.” A Repeat Infringer is a user who has been notified of infringing activity or has had User Content removed from the AliveCor Service at least three times.

    Prohibited Conduct. BY USING THE ALIVECOR SERVICE YOU AGREE NOT TO:

        use or access the AliveCor Service (a) from a jurisdiction where such use or access is not authorized, (b) for any illegal purpose, or (c) in violation of any local, state, national, or international law;

        conduct activities that may be harmful to others or that could damage AliveCor’s reputation;

        violate, or encourage others to violate, any right of a third party, including by infringing or misappropriating any third party intellectual property right, or disclosing personal information about another person;

        post, upload, or distribute marketing or advertising links or content, or any User Content or other content that is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, inaccurate, or that a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, profane, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate;

        use scrapers, robots, or other data gathering devices on or through the AliveCor Service, or frame or otherwise provide the AliveCor Service to third parties without AliveCor’s permission;

        interfere with security-related features of the AliveCor Service, including by: (a) disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use or copying of any content; or (b) reverse engineering, decompiling, or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of any portion of the Service, including the app(s), except to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this restriction;

        interfere with the operation of the AliveCor Service or any user’s enjoyment of the AliveCor Service, including by: (a) uploading or otherwise disseminating any virus, adware, spyware, worm, or other malicious code; (b) making any unsolicited offer or advertisement to another user of the AliveCor Service; (c) attempting to collect personal information, including without limitation ECG data or other health information, about another user or third party without their consent; or (d) interfering with or disrupting any network, equipment, or server connected to or used to provide the AliveCor Service, or violating any regulation, policy, or procedure of any such network, equipment, or server;

        perform any fraudulent activity including impersonating any person or entity, claiming a false affiliation, accessing any other AliveCor Service or account without permission, or falsifying your account registration information;

        modify, translate, or create derivative works, adaptations or compilations of, or based on, the AliveCor Service or part thereof, or use, copy or reproduce the AliveCor Service or any part thereof other than as expressly permitted in these Terms;

        assign, sublicense, lease, sell, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer the access granted under these Terms or any Materials (as defined in Section 15) or any right or ability to view, access, or use any Material; or

        attempt to do any of the acts described in this Section 10, or assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the acts described in this Section 10.

    Third-Party Services and Linked Websites. The Site may contain links to other web sites operated by third parties. Such third-party web sites are not under the control of AliveCor and we are not responsible for the content of any third party web site or any link contained in a third party web site.AliveCor provides these links only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to third party web sites.

    AliveCor may provide tools through the AliveCor Service that enable you to export information, including without limitation ECG Data and User Content, to third party applications or services such as Google Fit or Apple Health, or import information from such third party applications or services, including through features that allow you to link your account on AliveCor with an account on the third party service. By using one of these tools, you represent, warrant, and agree that such transfers are permitted under applicable law and that you are authorized to, and that we may on your behalf, transfer that information to or from the applicable third-party service in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Third-party services are not under our control, and we are not responsible for any third-party’s use of your exported information. If you enable the features of the AliveCor Service that are designed to import information from such third-party services, you hereby authorize and grant AliveCor a perpetual, irrevocable license to use such imported information and disclose it to third parties such as your healthcare professional in accordance with the Privacy Policy and applicable law. The AliveCor Service may also contain links to third-party websites. Linked websites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for their content.

    Termination of Use; Discontinuation and Modification of the Service. You may terminate your account at any time by following the procedures detailed on the AliveCor website or contacting customer service at support@alivecor.com. If you violate any provision of these Terms, your permission from us to use the AliveCor Service will terminate automatically. In addition, AliveCor may in its sole discretion terminate your user account on the AliveCor Service or suspend or terminate your access to the AliveCor Service at any time if you violate any provision of these Terms, if we no longer provide any part of the AliveCor Services or for any other reason, with or without notice. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue the AliveCor Service at any time (including by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the AliveCor Service), temporarily or permanently, without notice to you. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we will have no liability on account of any change to the AliveCor Service or any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the AliveCor Service, provided that if AliveCor ceases to operate the AliveCor Service and terminates your access to the AliveCor Service accordingly, then you will be entitled to a pro-rated refund of any prepaid fees that you have paid to AliveCor for use of the AliveCor Service. Upon the termination of your account or this agreement for any reason, AliveCor may at its option delete any data associated with your account.

    Privacy Policy; Additional Terms

        Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) carefully for information relating to our collection, use, storage and disclosure of your personal information. The Privacy Policy is incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms. You consent to the collection, hosting, use, disclosure and other processing or handling of your personal information (including sharing data with third party providers) as described in the Privacy Policy.

        Additional Terms. Your use of the AliveCor Service is subject to all additional terms, policies, rules, or guidelines applicable to the AliveCor Service or certain features of the AliveCor Service that we may post on or link to from the AliveCor Service (the “Additional Terms”), such as end-user license agreements for any downloadable software applications, or rules that are applicable to a particular feature or content on the AliveCor Service, subject to Section 14. All Additional Terms are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms.

    Modifications to these Terms. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change these Terms on a going-forward basis at any time. Please check these Terms periodically for changes.If a change to these Terms materially modifies your rights or obligations (“Material Modifications”), we will notify you of the modified Terms by email to the address you provided in your user profile. Material Modifications will be effective upon your acceptance of such modified. Immaterial modifications are effective upon publication. Disputes arising under these Terms will be resolved in accordance with the version of these Terms that was in effect at the time the dispute arose. Your sole and exclusive remedy if you do not agree with any modification to these Terms is to cancel your account. You may not amend or modify these Terms under any circumstances.

    Ownership; Proprietary Rights. The AliveCor Service is owned and operated by AliveCor. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data, computer code (including source code or object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the AliveCor Service (“Materials”) provided by AliveCor are protected by intellectual property and other laws. All Materials included in the AliveCor Service are the property of AliveCor or our third-party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by AliveCor, you may not make use of the Materials. AliveCor reserves all rights to the Materials not granted expressly in these Terms.

    Subcontractors. You hereby consent to AliveCor’s engagement of third parties (including AliveCor’s affiliates) to perform, or support the performance of, all or any portion of the AliveCor Service or the AliveCor website, such as the clinical interpretation service.

    Feedback. If you choose to provide input and suggestions regarding problems with or proposed modifications or improvements to the AliveCor Service (“Feedback”), then you hereby grant AliveCor an unrestricted, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free right to exploit the Feedback in any manner and for any purpose, including to improve the AliveCor Service and create other products and services.

    Indemnity. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you are responsible for your use of the AliveCor Service, and you will indemnify, hold harmless, and, if so directed by AliveCor, defend AliveCor and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (together, the “AliveCor Entities”) from and against every claim, liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with: (a) your access to, use of, or alleged use of, the AliveCor Service; (b) your violation of any portion of these Terms, any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in these Terms, or any applicable law or regulation; (c) your violation of any third-party right, including any intellectual property right or publicity, confidentiality, other property, or privacy right; (d) any dispute or issue between you and any third party; and (e) all claims arising from or alleging fraud, intentional misconduct, criminal acts, or gross negligence committed by you. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of that claim.

    Disclaimers; No Warranties

    THE ALIVECOR SERVICE AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE ALIVECOR ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, AND ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE ASSOCIATED OR USED WITH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, OR THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, INCLUDING: (A) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; (B) ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE; AND (c) ANY WARRANTY AS TO WHETHER THE ECG DATA OR OTHER INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR TRANSMITTED BY THE ALIVECOR SERVICE IS TRUE, COMPLETE OR ACCURATE. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALIVECOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY HEALTHCARE OR RELATED DECISIONS MADE BY YOU OR YOUR HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL BASED UPON DATA COLLECTED, TRANSMITTED OR DISPLAYED BY OR ON THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, WHETHER SUCH DATA IS ACCURATE OR INACCURATE. THE ALIVECOR ENTITIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE ALIVECOR SERVICE OR ANY PORTION OF THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT OFFERED THROUGH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY OF THOSE ISSUES WILL BE CORRECTED.

    NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE ALIVECOR SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY REGARDING ANY OF THE ALIVECOR ENTITIES OR THE ALIVECOR SERVICE THAT IS NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, YOUR DEALING WITH ANY OTHER ALIVECOR SERVICE USER, AND ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU USE THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, AND USE, ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIALS OR CONTENT THROUGH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE AND ANY ASSOCIATED SITES OR SERVICES, AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE ALIVECOR SERVICE), OR THE LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THE ALIVECOR SERVICE OR THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF THAT MATERIAL OR CONTENT.

    THE ABOVE PARAGRAPHS APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY PROHIBIT A DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, IN PARTICULAR A DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES PROVIDED OR IMPLIED BY LAW, SUCH AS LEGAL GUARANTEES OF CONFORMITY FOR GOODS OFFERED TO CONSUMERS IN THE EU, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.

    Limitation of Liability

    IN NO EVENT WILL THE ALIVECOR ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE ALIVECOR SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT ON THE ALIVECOR SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ANY ALIVECOR ENTITY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE EXCLUDED DAMAGES ALSO INCLUDE WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF SAVINGS OR REVENUE; LOSS OF PROFIT; LOSS OF USE; LOSS OF LIFE OR HEALTH, THE CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES; AND ANY COST OF ANY SUBSTITUTE EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES.

    EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 241.E, IF ALIVECOR CANNOT LAWFULLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY OF THE FOREGOING DAMAGES, THEN THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE ALIVECOR ENTITIES TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE ALIVECOR SERVICE OR OTHERWISE UNDER THESE TERMS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO USE THE ALIVECOR SERVICE OR $100, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

    SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN WHICH CASE SUCH LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED IN SUCH JURISDICTION. FURTHERMORE, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS LIMITS OR EXCLUDES ANY LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE LIMITED OR EXCLUDED BY LAW, SUCH AS LIABILITY FOR INTENTIONAL VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER.

    EACH PROVISION OF THESE TERMS THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED TO AND DOES ALLOCATE THE RISKS BETWEEN THE PARTIES UNDER THESE TERMS. THIS ALLOCATION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 20 WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

    Force Majeure. AliveCor will be excused from performance under these Terms for any period that it is prevented from or delayed in performing any obligations pursuant to these Terms, in whole or in part, as a result of a Force Majeure Event. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, for purposes of this section, “Force Majeure Event” means an event or series of events caused by or resulting from any of the following: (1) weather conditions or other elements of nature or acts of God; (2) acts of war, acts of terrorism, insurrection, riots, civil disorders or rebellion; (3) quarantines or embargoes, (4) labor strikes; (5) telecommunications, network, computer, server or Internet downtime; (6) unauthorized access to AliveCor’s information technology systems by third parties; or (7) other causes beyond the reasonable control of AliveCor.

    Governing Law and Competent Courts. To the fullest extent permitted pursuant to applicable law, these Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles. If a lawsuit or court proceeding is permitted under these Terms, then you and AliveCor agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within Santa Clara County, California for the purpose of litigating any dispute. If you are a consumer located in the EU, such jurisdiction of the Santa Clara County courts will be non-exclusive. We operate the AliveCor Service from our offices in the United States, and we make no representation that Materials included in the AliveCor Service are appropriate or available for use in other locations.

    General. These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference into these Terms, are the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and AliveCor regarding your use of the AliveCor Service. Except as expressly permitted above, these Terms may be amended only by a written agreement signed by authorized representatives of all parties to these Terms. You may not assign or transfer these Terms or your rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent, which may be granted or withheld at AliveCor’s sole discretion. Any attempted assignment by you without such consent shall be null and void. We may assign these Terms at any time without notice or consent, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. The failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right to require performance at any other time after that, nor will a waiver by us of any breach or default of these Terms, or any provision of these Terms, be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of section headers in these Terms is for convenience only and will not have any impact on the interpretation of any provision. If any part of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect. Upon termination of these Terms, Sections 8-10, 12, 13, 18, 19, and 21- 25, along with the Privacy Policy and any other accompanying agreements, will survive.

    Dispute Resolution and Arbitration

    PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRE YOU TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS WITH US AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU MAY SEEK RELIEF FROM US.

        Generally. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law and in the interest of resolving disputes between you and AliveCor in the most expedient and cost effective manner, you and AliveCor agree that every dispute arising in connection with these Terms will be resolved by binding arbitration, unless you are a consumer located in a jurisdiction that prohibits the exclusive use of arbitration for dispute resolution.

        Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of these Terms, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of these Terms. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND ALIVECOR ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

        Opt-Out of Agreement to Arbitrate: You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by contacting support@alivecor.com within 30 days of first accepting these Terms of Service and stating that you (include your first and last name, and email address used to register for the AliveCor Service) decline this arbitration agreement.

        Exceptions. Despite the provisions of Section 24A, nothing in these Terms will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue an enforcement action through the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law; or (d) to file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim.

        Arbitrator. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, any arbitration between you and AliveCor will be settled under the Federal Arbitration Act, and governed by the Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “AAA Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by contacting AliveCor.

        Notice; Process. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (signature required) or, only if such other party has not provided a current physical address, then by electronic mail (“Notice”). AliveCor’s address for Notice is: AliveCor, Inc., 444 Castro Street, Suite 600 Mountain View, CA 94041 USA. The Notice must: (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or AliveCor may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or AliveCor must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. If the dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor, AliveCor will pay you the highest of the following: (i) the amount awarded by the arbitrator, if any; (ii) the last written settlement amount offered by AliveCor in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award; or (iii) $1,000.

        Fees. If you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms, AliveCor will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $10,000, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location, to be agreed upon, in Santa Clara County, California, but if the claim is for $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a non-appearance based telephone hearing; or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your billing address. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In that case, you agree to reimburse AliveCor for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.

        No Class Actions. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND ALIVECOR AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and AliveCor agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law.

        Claims. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, no action arising out of, in connection with, or relating to these Terms shall be brought by you more than one (1) year after the accrual of the cause of action. This period shall not be extended for any reason, except by the written consent of both parties. All statutes or provisions of law which would toll or otherwise affect the running of the period of limitation are hereby waived, and no such statute or provision of law shall operate to extend the period limited in this paragraph, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.

        Modifications to this Arbitration Provision. If AliveCor makes any future change to this arbitration provision, other than a change to AliveCor’s address for Notice, you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to AliveCor’s address for Notice, in which case your account with AliveCor will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected will survive.

        Enforceability. If Section 24G is found to be unenforceable or if the entirety of this Section 24 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 24 will be null and void and, in that case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 22 will govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms.

    Notices; Consent to Electronic Communications. By using the AliveCor Service, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in the Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy to learn more about our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing. All notices from AliveCor intended for receipt by You shall be deemed delivered and effective when sent to the email address provided by You during the registration process or when posted to and made available to you on the AliveCor Service. If you change the email address provided in connection with your registration to access and use the AliveCor Service, you must update your address in accordance with the procedures set forth on the AliveCor Service. By providing your mobile number to us, you consent to receive text messages at that number as requested for account verification, message notifications, and other purposes related to the AliveCor Service. While we do not charge a fee for text messages, your carrier may charge standard messaging, data, and other fees. You are responsible for those charges. We may send and receive text messages through cellular telephone operators or other networks, and the level of reliability may vary. We are not responsible for the timeliness or final delivery of the message, as this is outside our control and is the responsibility of the cellular telephone operator or other networks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will use your mobile number in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

    NOTICE REGARDING APPLE

    You acknowledge that these Terms are between you and AliveCor only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the App and the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price for the App to you, if any; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms, when using the App. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of the Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Terms against you as a third party beneficiary of the Terms. You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

    Contact Information. The AliveCor Service is offered by AliveCor, Inc. You may contact us by emailing us at support@alivecor.com.

Last Revised: [01/07/2019]

Terms for Klarna Shopping Service
 
Highlights of change since last update of these Terms:
 
New Section 3. A new Klarna interface is being launched, the Klarna Extension for certain computer browsers. The section explains how the extension works and sets out the terms for the features available therein.
 
Last updates 06.11.2021
 
These terms and conditions represent an Agreement between Klarna Bank AB (“Klarna”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and you (“you” and “your”) when you use Klarna’s services and features as described in these terms, as may be amended from time to time (the “Service”). You sign up for the Service and enter into an Agreement with Klarna by accepting these terms on the first occasion that you use Klarna and create your User Account. 
You can at any time access the latest version of these terms via the Klarna App or our website. You can also download the terms here.
 
Klarna User 

When you use one of Klarna’s Payment Services in a merchant's checkout for the first time or when you download and log in to the Klarna App, you acknowledge that a Klarna User Account will be created in your name.
 
Description of the Service

For Klarna, shopping is not just about finding great stuff and paying for them - it is also about enjoying a great shopping experience at the store of your preference, a state of the art app, and many other things. Simply put, a smoooth user experience both before you have done your purchases and after you have done a purchase. These terms explain in more detail what a "smoooth user experience" means. 
Please note that additional terms may apply to a specific Payment Service if you choose to make your payment by using one of the Payment Services offered by Klarna.
 
1. Smoooth User Experience - Autofill and preferences

In order for you to have a smoooth and friction free shopping experience we will remember some information about you and use that information to autofill different forms with your information during your shopping . This will enable you to save time and focus on more important stuff than filling out the same information over and over again. Let us explain in more detail how this works.
 
Autofill while shopping with Klarna
When using Klarna the first time you will be asked to create a Klarna User Account to make your future interaction with Klarna smoother. We will keep this information in our systems so that when you return to us or use our Service, you only need to provide some information to us. We will handle all personal information we collect in creating your Klarna User Account in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
When we are able to identify you, we may autofill some information about you in the purchase flow, such as name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth and card details. The autofill is based on the information stored on your Klarna User Account. An example of when autofill is used is when you shop directly from the Klarna App.
 
2. Klarna App

The Klarna App, provided to you by way of an app or a web portal is your online shopping assistant, constituting your hub for all your Klarna purchases and all other great features Klarna offers. By using the Klarna App you can pay your purchases, track your packages and many more things. Some of these features are activated by downloading the Klarna App or logging in through the web portal, while others can be activated by you after login. Klarna wants to provide you with the best shopping experience and offer you the ability to search for a wide range of stores in the Klarna App. We may not have a commercial relationship with all stores shown or searchable in the Klarna App. In these cases, Klarna acts like a web browser or search engine, thereby just redirecting you to the store’s website. The exact content of features can differ between different country versions of the Klarna App. Klarna updates the Klarna App continuously with new and improved features. To mention a few of the features we are most proud of:
Features:
View your Klarna purchases and transactions
Manage your payments
Easy interaction with Klarna
Example of other features we may offer depending on country version:
Shopping services like search functions, an overview of stores that we think you will like, as well as personalised recommendations, offers and other content
Shop using Klarna’s payment methods - even at stores which do not yet use Klarna
Order, delivery or parcel tracking
Easy return handling and refunds
Personal finance overview and management
Display and storage of your transactions, purchases, receipts, images and other material
CO2 emission footprint on your purchases
View your orders made via stores or entities unrelated to Klarna
Create and share collections of goods or services of your choice
Share your transactions with other Klarna users
An assistant that suggests to help you to fill in various information (such as payment method, card details, shipping address) by use of autofill 
View your transactions made with one of our subsidiaries Sofort GmbH, Billpay GmbH and Klarna Inc. This will only be done after you have signed up for it in the subsidiaries services. The transaction data (such as for example name, address, bank account number/IBAN, sort code/BIC, reason for payment, date and amount, order details) will then be submitted to Klarna.
As a Klarna App user you may, at your own discretion, upload, publish and share your content, such as collections, images and nicknames. You acknowledge that by sharing content you make it publically available, which means that information about you becomes available to others, and may be used and shared further by other individuals. 
You may only upload, publish or share content which you have the right to use for these purposes, and which do not violate law, this Agreement or third party rights.
You agree to not upload, publish or share content which is unlawful, fraudulent, abusive, threatening, violate the rights of others, offensive or criminal (such as agitation against ethnical groups, child pornography or unlawful depictions of violence) or ; transmitting content that contains viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, adware, malware, or other harmful or damaging programming; distributing unsolicited advertising (spam) or any other form of harassment.
Klarna reserves the right, without obligation, to monitor, review, adjust, inactivate or remove content, without notifying you or a third party, in our sole discretion.
You are solely responsible for your upload, publication and sharing of content, and agree to indemnify and hold Klarna harmless from damages, loss or costs incurred by your upload, publication or sharing of content, including in connection to third party claims against Klarna.
 
3. Klarna Extension-specific Terms and Conditions

Klarna Extension features assorted discount coupons on the online-store presence of merchants collaborating with and selected by Klarna ("Affiliate Stores"). Further, additional features are usable subject to an additional login into the Klarna Extension, enabling you to expand your purchase experience by earning points (as described hereunder) and using a tailored card payment solution (also described hereunder). Klarna receives fees for referring our Klarna Extension users to Affiliated Stores, and Klarna uses a portion of those fees to pay for gift cards earned by our users through accruing points on Qualifying Purchases. A "Qualifying Purchase" shall be those purchases where the Affiliate Store offers points on the purchase. 
The Affiliate Stores available through the Klarna Extension are entirely at the discretion of Klarna and may vary from time to time. 
Any purchases that you make are directly from Affiliate Stores and not from Klarna. The Affiliate Store’s terms and conditions shall apply to purchases made on its site and Klarna shall not have any liability in relation to any products or services that you purchase. 
We have no control over the contents of Affiliate Stores' websites. 
 
3.1 General Information, Acceptance of these Terms, Eligibility

The “Klarna Extension” is a software application made available by Klarna. The terms and conditions (“Extension Terms”) in this Section 3 are only applicable to your (hereinafter “Extension User” or "you") use of the Klarna Extension.
By installing, activating, enabling, using, or otherwise accessing Klarna Extension, you accept these Extension Terms. Do not install, activate, enable, or otherwise access the Klarna Extension, if you do not wish to be bound by these Extension Terms. Klarna Extension can only be used on Google Chrome and in the future may become available on other supported web browsers. The technical usability of Klarna Extension is subject to the respective usage terms of these browsers and the technical limitations and specifications of any device on which Klarna Extension is to be installed.
An Extension User must be at least 18 (eighteen) years old and have a European phone number to use the Klarna Extension, in addition to the eligibility requirements and Extension Terms set forth below. By installing, activating, enabling, using, or otherwise accessing the Klarna Extension, you confirm that you are 18 years old or over and that these Extension Terms will govern your use of the Klarna Extension. 
 
3.2 Klarna Extension Functions and Limitations
The Klarna Extension offers several features, some of which are only accessible to an Extension User after first registering for a Klarna Extension account. These features are split into basic functions, each a “Basic Function”, and enhanced functions, each an “Enhanced Function”. Klarna updates the Klarna Extension continuously with new and improved features and reserves the right to withdraw any of the Basic Functions or Enhanced Functions at any time.
 
Enhanced Functions Prerequisite
In order to use the Enhanced Functions, the Extension User must first create a user account (“Account”). To create an Account, you are required to provide your contact information, including a valid email address and postal address. Klarna reserves the right to verify your eligibility to create an Account. You must ensure that your details in your Account are kept up to date. You are responsible for the security of and activity conducted through your Account. Please keep your Account details secure.
 
3.2.1 Klarna Extension Basic Functions
If the online store you visit is one of our Affiliate Stores, when you reach the Affiliate Store’s checkout you will be notified in the browser if there are coupons available and offered the opportunity to activate the coupons. If you choose to view the available coupons, the Basic Function will then show you available coupons for the Affiliate Store.
All coupons and discounts are provided by the Affiliate Store. Coupon terms are subject to the relevant Affiliate Store’s terms and conditions. Klarna always strives to provide you with accurate coupons. However, we do not warrant or guarantee the availability of coupons or that any of the coupons or discounts are accurate, complete, up to date or error free or that any such coupons or discounts will offer the lowest price for an item. Klarna may earn a commission from your transaction.
Examples of other Basic Function(s) that may be available to you depending on your country’s version of the Klarna Extension include the following:
Create and share collections of goods or services of your choice (wishlists).
Our price compare tool. The price compare tool searches for better prices on the relevant Amazon website by comparing sellers for you. Please note that Amazon and Klarna are not affiliated. Prices on Amazon may change and the results of our price comparison tool are valid only at the time the comparison is made. Klarna does not become a party to any agreement that you conclude with Amazon and is also not liable for any issues arising from contractual relationships existing between you and third parties. Klarna always strives to provide you with as complete and accurate information as possible. However, we gather information from public-domain sources. Our intention is that all the information in relation to the price compare toll should be accurate and up-to-date. However, we cannot guarantee the reliability or the accuracy of the information.
 
3.2.2 Klarna Extension Enhanced Functions
 
Klarna Reward
This function permits an Extension User to accrue points on Qualifying Purchases into a dedicated Account within Klarna Extension (“Points”). One Point will be the equivalent of GBP 1. The number of Points accrued on a Qualifying Purchase may be set individually by each Affiliate Store and may be changed by each Affiliate Store from time to time. 
Points can be collected by following the process set out below. You do not need to log in to the Klarna Extension at the time of purchase to collect Points, but in order to see your current Points balance or redeem such amount (subject to these Extension Terms) you need to be logged in and provide us with your name, email, and postal address - unless you have already provided that information to Klarna. 
Points are accrued on the net purchase amount. The net purchase amount for determining Points excludes taxes, fees, shipping, gift-wrapping, returns or cancellations, and extended warranties.
Points may not be allocated if all or part of your order is returned, amended or cancelled. 
In order to earn and redeem Points, the following steps must be taken: 
Points are only earned by making online purchases of Qualifying Purchases at Affiliate Stores. Affiliate Stores may exclude certain products and purchases from the Klarna Reward Enhanced Function.
The availability of Points for a particular Qualifying Purchase will be shown in the Klarna Extension. The Klarna Extension will show the number of Points available during the specific Extension User’s Shopping Session. A “Shopping Session” describes the uninterrupted process of product selection until payment for the Qualifying Purchase is completed on an Affiliate Store’s website.
Once an Extension User has reached an Affiliate Store’s checkout during a Shopping Session, the Extension User may activate Points by clicking the relevant button. The Affiliate Store’s terms and conditions shall apply to purchases made on its site.
After activating Points, an Extension User must complete the purchase in the same Shopping Session to accrue Points. 
Points cannot be redeemed retrospectively against any item(s) which you have already purchased.
An Extension User must ensure that all technical criteria are met in order to activate and claim Points, including having cookies and java script enabled on your web browser. 
You will need to log in to your Account from the device used for the Shopping Session within fourteen (14) days of completing each Shopping Session so that we can allocate Points to your Account. 
A Points figure that was correctly obtained during a Shopping Session will be credited to an Account within thirty (30) days after an Affiliate Store’s (contractual and/or statutory) return policy (i.e. as long as you can return the item or service you bought) period expires. During the return policy period, the Points are categorised as Pending.
The Extension User needs to collect a total amount of 25 Points (minimum) in order to redeem the Points for a gift card (the “Payout Threshold”). You must have the number of Points required for a gift card in your Account at the time of redemption. You cannot redeem Points which have not yet been credited to your Account.
Subject to any other requirement in these Extension Terms, once the Extension User has reached the Payout Threshold, we will send an email to the Extension User’s registered email containing a redemption code that the Extension User may use to redeem the Points as a gift card. More information on how you do this is provided in the email you receive. Klarna may modify or add gift card providers at its discretion. The gift cards are subject to terms and conditions of the gift card provider and the relevant merchant if specified. If you have any questions related to the gift cards, you can contact our customer service and we will assist you further. 
Klarna sends emails with an offer to redeem the Extension User’s Points on a quarterly basis. Provided that you have at least 25 Points in your Account available for redemption, you will be offered the chance to redeem your Points during the next available period. Klarna is not responsible for lost email or any other event or delay beyond the control of Klarna.
Once you have reached the Payout Threshold and we have sent you a redemption code, the redeemed Points will no longer be available in your Account and your Points balance will be adjusted to reflect the same. 
You will be responsible for selecting a gift card. Klarna will not have any responsibility for any error you make in selecting a gift card and/or your use of that gift card.
Points:
can only be earned, retained or redeemed as set out in these Extension Terms;
cannot be used as any form of credit, debit or for any other purpose;
can only be redeemed for gift cards as set out in these Extension Terms; they have no redeemable cash value and cannot be exchanged for cash;
cannot be sold, transferred or exchanged (to other Klarna accounts or otherwise) or used for any other purpose, except as specified in these Extension Terms or otherwise in writing by Klarna; and 
are personal to your Account and cannot be pooled with the Points earned by another person and/or redeemed together.
If someone else accesses your Account, then you may lose Points earned.
You can check your Points balance on your Account at any point by logging in to your Account in your Klarna Extension. If you decide to check your balance, you will be responsible for all connection and/or data charges you incur in doing so. Please note also that we will not be responsible for any communication failure arising from events outside of our control which, for example (but without limitation), results in you being unable to check your Points balance or your Points balance not updating or being slow to update. You can also confirm your Points balance at any time by contacting customer service. 
We reserve the right to correct or amend Points balances in your Account or to suspend redemption codes if Points have been allocated to you in error or we reasonably consider that there has been a misuse of the Klarna Extension or an error has occurred. If you wish to query such correction or amendment to your Points balance or suspension of a redemption code, please contact our customer service. 
Klarna reserves the right to limit or terminate your Account (including without limitation by terminating the collection of Points and/or redemption of gift cards) and/or take any other action we consider appropriate if we reasonably suspect that you are not eligible to participate in the Enhanced Functions under these Extension Terms, there is misconduct, fraudulent, unauthorised or inappropriate use of your Account (including without limitation tampering with or duplicating Points), you have provided us with false or misleading information or you have otherwise not complied with these Extension Terms.
 
One-Time Card
One additional Enhanced Function is the use of the One-Time Card Service - one of Klarna’s available payment services. The use of the One-time Card is governed by the One-time Card terms available here.
 
Licence Agreement and Limitations
Klarna grants the Extension User a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to use the Klarna Extension.
Klarna has the right to downgrade, limit or otherwise modify the scope and/or content of Klarna Extension at any time and/or amend, vary or alter these Extension Terms, to the extent we consider it necessary to do so without prior notice. Any amendments to the Extension Terms will be effective upon the posting of the revised Extension Terms to https://www.klarna.com/uk/terms-and-conditions/ and the login site of the Klarna Extension. Please check the website and the link available on the login screen to the Klarna Extension on a regular basis. 
Klarna has no warranty, compensation, maintenance, support or availability obligations for Klarna Extension. 
Except to the extent that liability cannot be excluded or limited as a matter of law, Klarna accepts no responsibility or liability for (a) Accounts which are created using incorrect or inaccurate information; (b) any technical malfunction, failure, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or communications, line failure, regardless of cause, with regard to any equipment, systems, networks, lines, satellites, servers, computers or providers used in any aspect of the operation of the Klarna Extension; (c) inaccessibility or unavailability of any network or wireless service, the Internet and/or any website; (d) any injury or damage to any person’s computer(s) or mobile device(s) which may be related to or result from any attempt to use the Klarna Extension; or (e) any matter outside of its reasonable control.
 
Inactive Accounts 
If your Account is inactive for twelve (12) consecutive months or more, then any unused or unredeemed Points will expire. You will not be able to redeem a gift card using those forfeited Points. Forfeited Points cannot be reinstated. Klarna may also close the Account permanently and cease to maintain your Account records and your access to the Klarna Extension. To reactivate your Account, please contact our customer service. 
 
Login and security 
You must keep your Account login details safe and secure.
The Klarna Extension may only be used by the Extension User as the Account holder and no third parties. You may not make purchases on behalf of third parties using the Klarna Extension or your Account. An Extension User or Account holder may not grant access to the Klarna Extension or his/her Account to any third party for any purpose. Any access by any such third party shall be deemed an unauthorised access of such Account.
Once logged in you will be kept logged in until you actively log out or, until you have been inactive for 60 days, in which case you will be automatically logged out.
To avoid unauthorised use of your Klarna Extension or unintended disclosure of your personal data, make sure only you have access to your login details and that you always log out from your Account if you leave the computer or device unattended. You are solely responsible for any unauthorised use of your Account or unintended disclosure of your personal data due to loss of login details or leaving your computer or device unattended.
If at any time you wish to terminate your Account and withdraw from the Enhanced Functions, you can make a request by contacting our customer service. Alternatively, you can simply cease using your Account.  If you terminate your Account by contacting customer service or if we terminate your Account, then we will forfeit all of your unused Points at the date of termination. 
 
General 
Any decision of Klarna is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
If there is a conflict in these Extension Terms with any other terms whatsoever attached to any other advertising material in respect of the Klarna Extension, these conditions will take precedence.
Any personal information supplied in connection with the Klarna Extension will be used, shared and retained as set out in the privacy notice found here.
 
4. Show historical purchases and transactions

We save information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App. As a part of the Service provided under these terms, Klarna enables you to see information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App. 
If you want to learn more about how Klarna uses this information, and other information we have about you, please see our Privacy Notice.
 
5. Offers and benefits

Klarna may provide you with offers and benefits such as discounts, special events, pre-access to products, sales promotions, merchant offers, sampling and giveaways. What offers and benefits you receive will be based on your previous actions such as number of purchases, purchase amounts, or usage of Klarna’s Services.
 
6. Are there any costs for the Service?

This Service and other services offered by Klarna are free of charge. Please note that interest and fees may apply to the use of a specific Service offered by Klarna. So make sure you check the specific information for the Service that you use.
 




7. Privacy and your personal data
To the extent you cause our processing of information, e.g. by uploading, publishing or sharing data in the Klarna App, about you indicating political or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning health or sex life, etc. (so-called special categories of personal data, in accordance with EU Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) and the “UK GDPR”), you give your explicit consent to us processing that data to perform our Service. 
Please see our Privacy Notice for further information regarding our processing of your personal information and more information about your rights regarding your data. You can also find our contact information if you should have any questions. 
 
8. Card Payments
When making a purchase with Klarna you may configure and use a number of different funding sources, including debit, credit or prepaid cards. Your funding source will be saved to your Klarna User Account until you edit/remove it from your user account or if the user account is deleted. By choosing to save your card details with Klarna you authorise Klarna to charge this funding source for any subsequent usage of Klarna when making purchases with us. You will not be charged until you make a purchase. If your default card funding source can't be charged for a purchase, including instalment plans or subscriptions, if applicable, you authorize Klarna to attempt to charge your other card funding sources, registered to your Klarna User Account.
 
9. Your obligations
You shall always provide correct information and use your own and correct identity. Any use of information that does not belong to you or that you for other reasons are not authorised to use, or the use of the Service in a non-prescribed way, will be seen as a misuse. Any data relating to misuse or suspected misuse may be saved and used for future risk assessment and for the protection of involved parties. Klarna reserves the right to block the Service from further usage.
If you upload, import or share content to Klarna, like images, texts, receipts, information on goods, service or deliveries, or other content, you grant Klarna a royalty-free right to use and display the content for purposes of delivering the Service. We have the right to remove any content uploaded or shared by you if we are required by law, or believe it is offensive, inappropriate, unlawful, violating the rights of others, or otherwise objectionable. You are liable for any content uploaded or shared by you. You acknowledge and agree that if you upload, import or share content that is abusive, threatening or offensive, or violates, or Klarna may reasonably assume to violate, law or your agreement with Klarna, we may terminate or deactivate your use of the Klarna App.
 
10. Third party services
Some features used by you, for example parcel tracking, may include services provided by a third party. Logistic companies’ tracking functions is an example of this. When you use features which rely on third party services, you authorize Klarna to utilize those services on your behalf.
Your use of Google Maps in the checkout (for example by searching for your address in the address field) and the Klarna App is subject to the then-current Google Maps/Google Earth's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Furthermore, to prevent abuse of the Klarna’s App via the web portal, Klarna may use reCAPTCHA, making you subject to Google’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The Klarna App is available through third-party distribution platforms (“Application Stores”). You may require prior registration with the relevant Application Store. Klarna has no influence on the collection, processing and use of personal data by the respective Application Store operators.
 
11. Changes to these terms
In order to provide you with an increasingly smooth user experience, we may make changes to these terms from time to time so you should check back regularly to see if anything has changed. However, if we make significant changes, we will give you two months’ advance notice of those changes. If you gave us your email address when you created your Klarna User Account, we will send the notice to that email address, but otherwise you will need to review these terms each time you log in to check for changes. We will make all changes easy to identify. You will need to agree to the changes the next time that you log in after the end of the notice period. If you do not agree to any changes, you may contact Customer Service to terminate this Agreement. More information on how to terminate this Agreement can be found under section “Duration and termination of this Agreement” below.
 
12. Duration and termination of this Agreement
This Agreement is for an indefinite period of time and continues until it is terminated by you or Klarna. 
You may request to terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason, by contacting us directly. Klarna will terminate your access to the App provided that all amounts owed to us by you (including late fees) have been paid in full, and no disputes and/or refunds are in progress. 
You will remain liable for all outstanding amounts that you owe to Klarna (including late fees) even after this Agreement has been terminated (by you or Klarna). In that scenario, we will provide information to you on how to make payments to us.
Klarna may suspend, limit your access to our Services and/or terminate this Agreement where we reasonably consider it necessary to comply with our legal obligations or because you have not complied with this Agreement, for example: 
for the prevention of fraud; 
to limit the risk of money laundering and/or terrorism financing; 
to protect us against any legal or regulatory risks; 
we reasonably suspect, or are aware, that you have breached this Agreement in a material respect; or
we otherwise reasonably consider your activity associated with the Klarna User Account to be in breach of the law.
Klarna will give you a three months’ advance notice of any suspension, limitation or termination, but sometimes Klarna will not be permitted to tell you by law or where it will prejudice any investigation.
If Klarna cannot provide the Service for any reason or ceases to provide the Service, Klarna may terminate this Agreement by providing three written months' notice. Such notice will be provided to the email address registered to the relevant User Account. 
Please note that in the event of termination of this Agreement, the use of the Service, including any features provided in, or managed via, the Klarna App, will no longer be available.
 
13. Electronic communication
By accepting these terms you agree to that Klarna will use electronic communication when communicating with you. Payment information, terms, disclosures required by law and other information to you can be provided electronically, including via Klarna website, app, or the email address(es) that you provided to us.
Updating your contact information  
It is your responsibility to ensure that Klarna has your current email address and mobile phone number, so that we can communicate with you electronically. If you need to update your primary email address, please contact Customer Service to make the change.
Questions
If you have questions about electronic communication in general, please contact Customer Service.
 
14. Assignment or transfer
You may not transfer or assign any rights or obligations you have under these terms. To the extent not otherwise already permitted by applicable law, we may transfer or assign these terms or any right or obligation under these terms at any time provided that such transfer does not alter your rights and obligations under these terms to your detriment.
 
15. Klarna
Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, telephone: +46 8 120 120 00, fax: +46 8 120 120 99, e-mail: kund@klarna.se, is a Swedish bank registered at the Swedish companies register under registration number 556737-0431. The Managing Director is Sebastian Siemiatkowski. Klarna Bank AB (publ) is authorised to provide financial services by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority). Klarna’s registration with the Swedish financial supervisory authority as well as a list of countries to which Klarna’s services have been passported to can be found on Finansinspektionen's website.
 
16. Governing law
This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts of England and Wales. If you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
 
17. Complaints
For complaints, the information provided on https://www.klarna.com/uk/feedback-and-complaints/ applies. By using our Service you consent and agree to that Klarna provides all communication regarding complaints electronically. If you have a complaint towards Klarna, you can submit your complaint through Klarna’s Customer Service webpage using the chat function or by giving us a call on (+44) 0808 189 3333. 
We aim to handle all complaints promptly, effectively and in a positive manner. If we do not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may, in some instances, be able to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service by calling 08000234567 or using the online form available at https://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/contact/index.html or writing at Exchange Tower, Harbour Exchange, London, E14 9SR.

For all other instances, you may refer your complaint to Klarna’s Complaints Adjudicator for an impartial review, using the form provided alongside your final response. For more information about how we handle complaints at Klarna, please refer to our complaints handling procedure.















Last updated 6th of November, 2021.


Effective on August 11, 2020

Our mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Our services are designed to promote economic opportunity for our members by enabling you and millions of other professionals to meet, exchange ideas, learn, and find opportunities or employees, work, and make decisions in a network of trusted relationships.
Table of Contents:
1.	Introduction
2.	Obligations
3.	Rights and Limits
4.	Disclaimer and Limit of Liability
5.	Termination
6.	Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
7.	General Terms
8.	LinkedIn “Dos and Don’ts”
9.	Complaints Regarding Content
10.	How To Contact Us
1. Introduction
1.1 Contract
When you use our Services you agree to all of these terms. Your use of our Services is also subject to our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy, which covers how we collect, use, share, and store your personal information.
You agree that by clicking “Join Now”, “Join LinkedIn”, “Sign Up” or similar, registering, accessing or using our services (described below), you are agreeing to enter into a legally binding contract with LinkedIn (even if you are using our Services on behalf of a company). If you do not agree to this contract (“Contract” or “User Agreement”), do not click “Join Now” (or similar) and do not access or otherwise use any of our Services. If you wish to terminate this contract, at any time you can do so by closing your account and no longer accessing or using our Services.

Services
This Contract applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and other services that state that they are offered under this Contract (“Services”), including the offsite collection of data for those Services, such as our ads and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins. Registered users of our Services are “Members” and unregistered users are “Visitors”.

LinkedIn
You are entering into this Contract with LinkedIn (also referred to as “we” and “us”).

We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland.
If you reside in the “Designated Countries”, you are entering into this Contract with LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) and LinkedIn Ireland will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.

If you reside outside of the “Designated Countries”, you are entering into this Contract with LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn Corp.”) and LinkedIn Corp. will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
This Contract applies to Members and Visitors.

As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy (which includes our Cookie Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy) and updates.

1.2 Members and Visitors
When you register and join the LinkedIn Services, you become a Member. If you have chosen not to register for our Services, you may access certain features as a “Visitor.”

1.3 Change
We may make changes to the Contract.

We may modify this Contract, our Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policy from time to time. If we make material changes to it, we will provide you notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. We agree that changes cannot be retroactive. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. Your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms as of their effective date.

2. Obligations
2.1 Service Eligibility

Here are some promises that you make to us in this Contract:
You’re eligible to enter into this Contract and you are at least our “Minimum Age.”

The Services are not for use by anyone under the age of 16.

To use the Services, you agree that: (1) you must be the “Minimum Age” (described below) or older; (2) you will only have one LinkedIn account, which must be in your real name; and (3) you are not already restricted by LinkedIn from using the Services. Creating an account with false information is a violation of our terms, including accounts registered on behalf of others or persons under the age of 16.

“Minimum Age” means 16 years old. However, if law requires that you must be older in order for LinkedIn to lawfully provide the Services to you without parental consent (including using of your personal data) then the Minimum Age is such older age.

2.2 Your Account
You will keep your password a secret.

You will not share an account with anyone else and will follow our rules and the law.

Members are account holders. You agree to: (1) use a strong password and keep it confidential; (2) not transfer any part of your account (e.g., connections) and (3) follow the law and our list of Dos and Don’ts and Professional Community Policies. You are responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you close it or report misuse.
As between you and others (including your employer), your account belongs to you. However, if the Services were purchased by another party for you to use (e.g. Recruiter seat bought by your employer), the party paying for such Service has the right to control access to and get reports on your use of such paid Service; however, they do not have rights to your personal account.

2.3 Payment
You’ll honor your payment obligations and you are okay with us storing your payment information. You understand that there may be fees and taxes that are added to our prices.

Refunds are subject to our policy.

If you buy any of our paid Services (“Premium Services”), you agree to pay us the applicable fees and taxes and to additional terms specific to the paid Services. Failure to pay these fees will result in the termination of your paid Services. Also, you agree that:

•	Your purchase may be subject to foreign exchange fees or differences in prices based on location (e.g. exchange rates).
•	We may store and continue billing your payment method (e.g. credit card) even after it has expired, to avoid interruptions in your Services and to use to pay other Services you may buy.
•	If you purchase a subscription, your payment method automatically will be charged at the start of each subscription period for the fees and taxes applicable to that period. To avoid future charges, cancel before the renewal date. Learn how to cancel or suspend your Premium Services.
•	All of your purchases of Services are subject to LinkedIn’s refund policy.
•	We may calculate taxes payable by you based on the billing information that you provide us at the time of purchase.
You can get a copy of your invoice through your LinkedIn account settings under “Purchase History”.

2.4 Notices and Messages
You’re okay with us providing notices and messages to you through our websites, apps, and contact information. If your contact information is out of date, you may miss out on important notices.

You agree that we will provide notices and messages to you in the following ways: (1) within the Service, or (2) sent to the contact information you provided us (e.g., email, mobile number, physical address). You agree to keep your contact information up to date.

Please review your settings to control and limit messages you receive from us.

2.5 Sharing
When you share information on our Services, others can see, copy and use that information.

Our Services allow messaging and sharing of information in many ways, such as your profile, articles, group posts, links to news articles, job postings, messages and InMails. Information and content that you share or post may be seen by other Members, Visitors or others (including off of the Services). Where we have made settings available, we will honor the choices you make about who can see content or information (e.g., message content to your addressees, sharing content only to LinkedIn connections, restricting your profile visibility from search engines, or opting not to notify others of your LinkedIn profile update). For job searching activities, we default to not notifying your connections network or the public. So, if you apply for a job through our Service or opt to signal that you are interested in a job, our default is to share it only with the job poster.

We are not obligated to publish any information or content on our Service and can remove it with or without notice.

3. Rights and Limits
3.1. Your License to LinkedIn
You own all of the content, feedback and personal information you provide to us, but you also grant us a non-exclusive license to it.

We’ll honor the choices you make about who gets to see your information and content, including how it can be used for ads.

As between you and LinkedIn, you own the content and information that you submit or post to the Services, and you are only granting LinkedIn and our affiliates the following non-exclusive license:

A worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish and process, information and content that you provide through our Services and the services of others, without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or others. These rights are limited in the following ways:

1.	You can end this license for specific content by deleting such content from the Services, or generally by closing your account, except (a) to the extent you shared it with others as part of the Service and they copied, re-shared it or stored it and (b) for the reasonable time it takes to remove from backup and other systems.
2.	We will not include your content in advertisements for the products and services of third parties to others without your separate consent (including sponsored content). However, we have the right, without payment to you or others, to serve ads near your content and information, and your social actions may be visible and included with ads, as noted in the Privacy Policy. If you use a Service feature, we may mention that with your name or photo to promote that feature within our Services, subject to your settings.
3.	We will get your consent if we want to give others the right to publish your content beyond the Services. However, if you choose to share your post as "public", we will enable a feature that allows other Members to embed that public post onto third-party services, and we enable search engines to make that public content findable though their services. Learn More
4.	While we may edit and make format changes to your content (such as translating or transcribing it, modifying the size, layout or file type or removing metadata), we will not modify the meaning of your expression.
5.	Because you own your content and information and we only have non-exclusive rights to it, you may choose to make it available to others, including under the terms of a Creative Commons license.

You and LinkedIn agree that if content includes personal data, it is subject to our Privacy Policy.

You and LinkedIn agree that we may access, store, process and use any information and personal data that you provide in accordance with, the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).

By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding our Services to LinkedIn, you agree that LinkedIn can use and share (but does not have to) such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.

You promise to only provide information and content that you have the right to share, and that your LinkedIn profile will be truthful.

You agree to only provide content or information that does not violate the law nor anyone’s rights (including intellectual property rights). You also agree that your profile information will be truthful. LinkedIn may be required by law to remove certain information or content in certain countries.

3.2 Service Availability
We may change or end any Service or modify our prices prospectively.
We may change, suspend or discontinue any of our Services. We may also modify our prices effective prospectively upon reasonable notice to the extent allowed under the law.

We don’t promise to store or keep showing any information and content that you’ve posted. LinkedIn is not a storage service. You agree that we have no obligation to store, maintain or provide you a copy of any content or information that you or others provide, except to the extent required by applicable law and as noted in our Privacy Policy.

3.3 Other Content, Sites and Apps
Your use of others’ content and information posted on our Services, is at your own risk.

Others may offer their own products and services through our Services, and we aren’t responsible for those third-party activities.

By using the Services, you may encounter content or information that might be inaccurate, incomplete, delayed, misleading, illegal, offensive or otherwise harmful. LinkedIn generally does not review content provided by our Members or others. You agree that we are not responsible for others’ (including other Members’) content or information. We cannot always prevent this misuse of our Services, and you agree that we are not responsible for any such misuse. You also acknowledge the risk that you or your organization may be mistakenly associated with content about others when we let connections and followers know you or your organization were mentioned in the news. Members have choices about this feature.

LinkedIn may help connect Members offering their services (career coaching, accounting, etc.) with Members seeking services. LinkedIn does not perform nor employs individuals to perform these services. You must be at least 18 years of age to offer, perform or procure these services. You acknowledge that LinkedIn does not supervise, direct, control or monitor Members in the performance of these services and agree that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for the offering, performance or procurement of these services, (2) LinkedIn does not endorse any particular Member’s offered services, and (3) nothing shall create an employment, agency, or joint venture relationship between LinkedIn and any Member offering services. If you are a Member offering services, you represent and warrant that you have all the required licenses and will provide services consistent with our Professional Community Policies.
Similarly, LinkedIn may help you register for and/or attend events organized by Members and connect with other Members who are attendees at such events. You agree that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for the conduct of any of the Members or other attendees at such events, (2) LinkedIn does not endorse any particular event listed on our Services, (3) LinkedIn does not review and/or vet any of these events, and (4) that you will adhere to these terms and conditions that apply to such events.

3.4 Limits
We have the right to limit how you connect and interact on our Services.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other Members. LinkedIn reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your account if you breach this Contract or the law or are misusing the Services (e.g., violating any of the Dos and Don’ts or Professional Community Policies).

3.5 Intellectual Property Rights
We’re providing you notice about our intellectual property rights.

LinkedIn reserves all of its intellectual property rights in the Services. Trademarks and logos used in connection with the Services are the trademarks of their respective owners. LinkedIn, and “in” logos and other LinkedIn trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used for our Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of LinkedIn.

3.6 Automated Processing
We use data and information about you to make relevant suggestions to you and others.

We use the information and data that you provide and that we have about Members to make recommendations for connections, content and features that may be useful to you. For example, we use data and information about you to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. Keeping your profile accurate and up to date helps us to make these recommendations more accurate and relevant.

4. Disclaimer and Limit of Liability
4.1 No Warranty
This is our disclaimer of legal liability for the quality, safety, or reliability of our Services.

LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY ABOUT THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATION THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, AND PROVIDE THE SERVICES (INCLUDING CONTENT AND INFORMATION) ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF TITLE, ACCURACY OF DATA, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

4.2 Exclusion of Liability
These are the limits of legal liability we may have to you.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW (AND UNLESS LINKEDIN HAS ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT THAT OVERRIDES THIS CONTRACT), LINKEDIN, INCLUDING ITS AFFILIATES, WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS CONTRACT FOR LOST PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, REPUTATION (E.G., OFFENSIVE OR DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS), LOSS OF DATA (E.G., DOWN TIME OR LOSS, USE OF, OR CHANGES TO, YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTENT) OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.

LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS CONTRACT FOR ANY AMOUNT THAT EXCEEDS (A) THE TOTAL FEES PAID OR PAYABLE BY YOU TO LINKEDIN FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE TERM OF THIS CONTRACT, IF ANY, OR (B) US $1000.

4.3 Basis of the Bargain; Exclusions
The limitations of liability in this Section 4 are part of the basis of the bargain between you and LinkedIn and shall apply to all claims of liability (e.g., warranty, tort, negligence, contract and law) even if LinkedIn or its affiliates has been told of the possibility of any such damage, and even if these remedies fail their essential purpose.
These limitations of liability do not apply to liability for death or personal injury or for fraud, gross negligence or intentional misconduct, or in cases of negligence where a material obligation has been breached, a material obligation being such which forms a prerequisite to our delivery of services and on which you may reasonably rely, but only to the extent that the damages were directly caused by the breach and were foreseeable upon conclusion of this Contract and to the extent that they are typical in the context of this Contract.

5. Termination
We can each end this Contract, but some rights and obligations survive.

Both you and LinkedIn may terminate this Contract at any time with notice to the other. On termination, you lose the right to access or use the Services. The following shall survive termination:

•	Our rights to use and disclose your feedback;
•	Members and/or Visitors’ rights to further re-share content and information you shared through the Services;
•	Sections 4, 6, 7, and 8.2 of this Contract;
•	Any amounts owed by either party prior to termination remain owed after termination.
You can visit our Help Center to close your account.

6. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
In the unlikely event we end up in a legal dispute, you and LinkedIn agree to resolve it in California courts using California law, or Dublin, Ireland courts using Irish law.

This section shall not deprive you of any mandatory consumer protections under the law of the country to which we direct Services to you, where you have your habitual residence. If you live in the Designated Countries: You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that the laws of Ireland, excluding conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this Contract and/or the Services. You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that claims and disputes can be litigated only in Dublin, Ireland, and we each agree to personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Dublin, Ireland.

For others outside of Designated Countries, including those who live outside of the United States: You and LinkedIn agree that the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this Contract and/or the Services. You and LinkedIn both agree that all claims and disputes can be litigated only in the federal or state courts in Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and LinkedIn each agree to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

7. General Terms
Here are some important details about the Contract.

If a court with authority over this Contract finds any part of it unenforceable, you and we agree that the court should modify the terms to make that part enforceable while still achieving its intent. If the court cannot do that, you and we agree to ask the court to remove that unenforceable part and still enforce the rest of this Contract.

This Contract (including additional terms that may be provided by us when you engage with a feature of the Services) is the only agreement between us regarding the Services and supersedes all prior agreements for the Services.

If we don't act to enforce a breach of this Contract, that does not mean that LinkedIn has waived its right to enforce this Contract. You may not assign or transfer this Contract (or your membership or use of Services) to anyone without our consent. However, you agree that LinkedIn may assign this Contract to its affiliates or a party that buys it without your consent. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Contract.
You agree that the only way to provide us legal notice is at the addresses provided in Section 10.

8. LinkedIn “Dos and Don’ts”
8.1. Dos
LinkedIn is a community of professionals. This list of “Dos and Don’ts” along with our Professional Community Policies limit what you can and cannot do on our Services.

You agree that you will:
1.	Comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements;
2.	Provide accurate information to us and keep it updated;
3.	Use your real name on your profile; and
4.	Use the Services in a professional manner.

8.2. Don’ts
You agree that you will not:
1.	Create a false identity on LinkedIn, misrepresent your identity, create a Member profile for anyone other than yourself (a real person), or use or attempt to use another’s account;
2.	Develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons or any other technology) to scrape the Services or otherwise copy profiles and other data from the Services;
3.	Override any security feature or bypass or circumvent any access controls or use limits of the Service (such as caps on keyword searches or profile views);
4.	Copy, use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from the Services, whether directly or through third parties (such as search engines), without the consent of LinkedIn;
5.	Disclose information that you do not have the consent to disclose (such as confidential information of others (including your employer));
6.	Violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights. For example, do not copy or distribute (except through the available sharing functionality) the posts or other content of others without their permission, which they may give by posting under a Creative Commons license;
7.	Violate the intellectual property or other rights of LinkedIn, including, without limitation, (i) copying or distributing our learning videos or other materials or (ii) copying or distributing our technology, unless it is released under open source licenses; (iii) using the word “LinkedIn” or our logos in any business name, email, or URL except as provided in the Brand Guidelines;
8.	Post anything that contains software viruses, worms, or any other harmful code;
9.	Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Services or any related technology that is not open source;
10.	Imply or state that you are affiliated with or endorsed by LinkedIn without our express consent (e.g., representing yourself as an accredited LinkedIn trainer);
11.	Rent, lease, loan, trade, sell/re-sell or otherwise monetize the Services or related data or access to the same, without LinkedIn’s consent;
12.	Deep-link to our Services for any purpose other than to promote your profile or a Group on our Services, without LinkedIn’s consent;
13.	Use bots or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts, send or redirect messages;
14.	Monitor the Services’ availability, performance or functionality for any competitive purpose;
15.	Engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Services;
16.	Overlay or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (such as by inserting elements into the Services or removing, covering, or obscuring an advertisement included on the Services);
17.	Interfere with the operation of, or place an unreasonable load on, the Services (e.g., spam, denial of service attack, viruses, gaming algorithms); and/or
18.	Violate the Professional Community Policies or any additional terms concerning a specific Service that are provided when you sign up for or start using such Service, and the Bing Maps terms where applicable.
9. Complaints Regarding Content
Contact information for complaint about content provided by our Members.

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. We require that information posted by Members be accurate and not in violation of the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties. We provide a policy and process for complaints concerning content posted by our Members.

10. How To Contact Us
Our Contact information. Our Help Center also provides information about our Services.

For general inquiries, you may contact us online. For legal notices or service of process, you may write us at these addresses.
Published: 1 April 2021
Effective: June 15, 2021
Print
Print
Microsoft Services Agreement

These terms ("Terms") cover the use of those Microsoft consumer products, websites and services listed at the end of these Terms here (#serviceslist) (the "Services"). By providing the opportunity of subscribing for, using and/or ordering the Services, Microsoft makes an offer to you. You accept these Terms by creating a Microsoft account, by using the Services or by continuing to use the Services after being notified of a change to these Terms. Please read, print and save a copy of these Terms for your records because Microsoft won’t save a copy for you.

If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise or a not-for-profit organisation please read section 15 on waiving any entitlements that would otherwise be applicable to you under the European Electronic Communications Code.
Your Privacy

1. Your Privacy. Your privacy is important to us. Please read the Microsoft Privacy Statement (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839) (the "Privacy Statement") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices (“Data”), how we use your Data and the legal bases we have to process your Data. The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, which is your communications with others; postings submitted by you to Microsoft via the Services; and the files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, livestreams and videos that you upload, store, broadcast or share through the Services ("Your Content").
[Go to top of page]

Your Content

2. Your Content. Many of our Services allow you to store or share Your Content or receive material from others. We don’t claim ownership of Your Content. Your Content remains Your Content and you are responsible for it.

    a. When you share Your Content with other people, you understand that they may be able to, on a worldwide basis, use, save, record, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, share and display Your Content for the purpose that you made Your Content available on the Services, without compensating you. If you do not want others to have that ability, do not use the Services to share Your Content. You represent and warrant that for the duration of these Terms you have (and will have) all the rights necessary for Your Content that is uploaded, stored or shared on or through the Services and that the collection, use and retention of Your Content through the Services won't violate any law or rights of others. We strongly advise you to make regular back-up copies of Your Content. Microsoft can't be held responsible for Your Content or the material others upload, store or share using our Services.
    b. To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others (which may include changing the size, shape or format of Your Content to better store or display it to you), to protect you and the Services and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant Microsoft a worldwide and royalty free intellectual property licence to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of, retain, transmit, reformat, distribute via communication tools and display Your Content on the Services. If you publish Your Content in areas of the Service where it is rendered available online publicly or without restrictions, Your Content may appear in demonstrations or materials that promote the Service. Some of the Services are supported by advertising. Controls for how Microsoft personalises advertising are available at https://choice.live.com. We do not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voicemail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target advertising to you. Our advertising policies are covered in detail in the Privacy Statement.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Code of Conduct

3. Code of Conduct.

    a. Content, material or actions that violate these Terms are not permitted. By agreeing to these Terms, you’re under the obligation to follow these rules:
        i. Don’t do anything illegal.
        ii. Don’t engage in any activity that exploits, harms or threatens to harm children.
        iii. Don’t send spam or engage in phishing. Spam is unwanted or unsolicited bulk email, postings, contact requests, SMS (text messages), instant messages or similar electronic communications. Phishing is sending emails or other electronic communications to fraudulently or unlawfully induce recipients to reveal personal or sensitive information, such as passwords, dates of birth, National Insurance Numbers, passport numbers, credit card information, financial information or other sensitive information, or to gain access to accounts or records, exfiltration of documents or other sensitive information, payment and/or financial benefit.
        iv. Don’t publicly display or use the Services to share any inappropriate content or other material (involving, for example, nudity, bestiality, pornography, offensive language, graphic violence or criminal activity).
        v. Don’t engage in activity that is fraudulent, false or misleading (e.g. asking for money under false pretences, impersonating someone else, manipulating the Services to increase play count or affect rankings, ratings or comments).
        vi. Don’t willfully circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the Services.
        vii. Don’t engage in activity that is harmful to you, the Services or others (e.g. transmitting viruses, stalking, posting terrorist or violent extremist content, communicating hate speech or advocating violence against others).
        viii. Don’t infringe upon the rights of others (e.g, unauthorised sharing of copyrighted music or other copyrighted material, resale or other distribution of Bing maps or photographs).
        ix. Don’t engage in activity that violates the privacy of others.
        x. Don’t help others break these rules.
    b. Enforcement. We reserve the right to deny Your Content if it exceeds limits on storage or file size allowed by the Service. In addition, if you violate any of the obligations listed in section 3.a above or otherwise materially violate these Terms, we may take action against you including (without limitation) stopping providing Services or closing your Microsoft account immediately for good cause or blocking delivery of a communication (like email, file sharing or instant message) to or from the Services. We also reserve the right to remove or block Your Content from the Services at any time if it is brought to our attention that it may violate applicable law or these Terms. When investigating alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review Your Content in order to resolve the issue. However, we do not monitor the Services and make no attempt to do so.
    c. Application to Xbox Services. Click here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868531) for more information about how this Code of Conduct applies to the Xbox online service, Xbox Game Pass, Games for Windows Live and Xbox Games Studios games, applications, services and content provided by Microsoft. Violation of the Code of Conduct through Xbox Services (defined in section 13.a.i) may result in suspensions or bans from participation in Xbox Services, including forfeiture of content licences, Xbox Gold Membership time and Microsoft account balances associated with the account.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Using the Services & Support

4. Using the Services & Support.

    a. Microsoft account. You’ll need a Microsoft account to access many of the Services. Your Microsoft account lets you sign in to products, websites and services provided by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners.
        i. Creating an Account. You can create a Microsoft account by signing up online. You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Microsoft account. In some cases, a third party, like your Internet Service Provider, may have assigned a Microsoft account to you. If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, the third party may have additional rights over your account, like the ability to access or delete your Microsoft account. Please review any additional terms the third party provided you, as Microsoft has no responsibility regarding these additional terms. If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms. You cannot transfer your Microsoft account credentials to another user or entity. To protect your account, keep your account details and password confidential. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Microsoft account.
        ii. Account Use. You must use your Microsoft account to keep it active. This means you must sign in at least once in a two-year period to keep your Microsoft account, and associated Services, active, unless a longer period is provided in the Microsoft account activity policy at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2086738 or in an offer for a paid portion of the Services or as otherwise required by law. If you don’t sign in during this time, we will assume your Microsoft account is inactive and will close it for you. Please see section 4.a.iv.2 for the consequences of a closed Microsoft account. You must sign into your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive (separately) at least once in a one-year period, otherwise we will close your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive for you. You must sign in to the Xbox Services at least once in a five-year period to keep the gamertag associated with your Microsoft account. If we reasonably suspect that your Microsoft account is at risk of being used by a third party fraudulently (for example, as a result of an account compromise), Microsoft may suspend your account until you can reclaim ownership. Based on the nature of the compromise, we may be required to disable access to some or all of Your Content. If you are having trouble accessing your Microsoft account, please visit this website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656).
        iii. Kids and Accounts. By creating a Microsoft account or using the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and represent that you have either reached the age of “majority” where you live or your parent or legal guardian agrees to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of majority where you live, or do not understand this section, please do not create a Microsoft account before you have asked your parent or legal guardian for help. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and you are responsible for supervising your minor in the use of the Microsoft account or Services, including purchases, whether the minor’s account is now open or created later.
        iv. Closing Your Account.
            1. In addition to any rights you have to cancel as specified in the "Refund Policy" section below (section 9.g), you can cancel specific Services or close your Microsoft account at any time and for any reason. To close your Microsoft account, please visit https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618278. When you ask us to close your Microsoft account, you can choose to put it in a suspended state for either 30- or 60-days just in case you change your mind. After that 30- or 60-day period, your Microsoft account will be closed. See section 4.a.iv.2 below for an explanation as to what happens when your Microsoft account is closed. Logging back in during the suspension period will reactivate your Microsoft account.
            2. If your Microsoft account is closed (whether by you or us), a few things happen. First, your right to use the Microsoft account to access the Services stops immediately. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Microsoft account or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result, you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you’ve stored on those Services) that require a Microsoft account. You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you’ve acquired.
    b. Work or School Accounts. You can sign in to certain Microsoft services with a work or school email address. If you do, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with your email address may be notified of the existence of your Microsoft account and its associated subscriptions, control and administer your account, and access and process your Data, including the contents of your communications and files, and that Microsoft may notify the owner of the domain if the account or Data is compromised. You further agree that your use of the Microsoft services may be subject to the agreements Microsoft has with you or your organisation and these Terms may not apply. If you already have a Microsoft account and you use a separate work or school email address to access Services covered under these Terms, you may be prompted to update the email address associated with your Microsoft account in order to continue accessing such Services.
    c. Additional Equipment/Data Plans. To use many of the Services, you’ll need an Internet connection and/or data/mobile plan. You might also need additional equipment, like a headset, camera or microphone. You are responsible for providing all connections, plans and/or equipment needed to use the Services and for paying the fees charged by the provider(s) of your connections, plans and equipment. Those fees are in addition to any fees you pay us for the Services and we will not reimburse you for such fees. Check with your provider(s) to determine if there are any such fees that may apply to you.
    d. Service Notifications. When there’s something we need to tell you about a Service you use, we’ll send you Service notifications and information the law requires us to provide. If you gave us your email address or phone number in connection with your Microsoft account, then we may send Service notifications to you via email or via SMS (text message), including to verify your identity before registering your mobile phone number and verifying your purchases. We may also send you Service notifications by other means (for example by in-product messages). Data or messaging rates may apply when receiving notifications via SMS. We recommend you monitor and maintain the email address you specified. If you don't consent to receive notices electronically, you must stop using the Services.
    e. Support. Customer support for some Services is available at https://support.microsoft.com. Certain Services may offer separate or additional customer support, subject to the terms available at https://www.microsoft.com/support-service-agreement, unless otherwise specified. Support may not be available for preview or beta versions of features or Services. If you live in Europe you can also refer a complaint to the EU’s Online Dispute Resolution platform (https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr); please use MSODR@microsoft.com on the complaint form only and not for another purpose.
    f. Ending your Services. If your Services are cancelled (whether by you or us), first your right to access the Services stops immediately and your licence to the software related to the Services ends. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Service or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result, you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you’ve stored on those Services). You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you’ve acquired. If you have cancelled your Microsoft account and have no other account able to access the Services your Services may be cancelled immediately.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Using Third-Party Apps and Services

5. Using Third-Party Apps and Services. The Services may allow you to access or acquire products, services, websites, links, content, material, games, skills, integrations, bots or applications from independent third parties (companies or people who aren’t Microsoft) ("Third-Party Apps and Services"). Many of our Services also help you find, make requests to, or interact with Third-Party Apps and Services or allow you to share Your Content or Data, and you understand that by using our Services you are directing them to make Third-Party Apps and Services available to you. The Third-Party Apps and Services may allow you to store Your Content or Data with the publisher, provider or operator of the Third-Party Apps and Services. The Third-Party Apps and Services may present you with a privacy policy or require you to accept their terms before you can install or use the Third-Party App or Service. See section 13.b for additional terms for applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, the Microsoft Store on Xbox and the Microsoft Store on Windows). You should review the third-party terms and privacy policies before acquiring, using, requesting, or linking your Microsoft Account to any Third-Party Apps and Services. Any third-party terms do not modify these Terms. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property to you as part of any Third-Party Apps and Services. You agree to assume all risk and liability arising from your use of these Third-Party Apps and Services and that Microsoft is not responsible or liable to you or others for information or services provided by any Third-Party Apps and Services.
[Go to top of page] Top of page
Service Availability

6. Service Availability.

    a. The Services, Third Party Apps and Services, or material or products offered through the Services may be unavailable from time to time, may be offered on a limited basis, or may vary depending on your region or device, or other external factors such as your internet or network connection. If you change the location associated with your Microsoft account, you may need to re-acquire the products that were available to you and paid for in your previous region.
    b. We strive to keep the Services up and running; however, they are not offered with a guaranteed level of quality of service and all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages. In the event of an outage or disruption to the Service, you may temporarily not be able to retrieve Your Content. We recommend that you regularly backup Your Content and Data that you store on the Services or store using Third-Party Apps and Services.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Updates to the Services or Software and Changes to These Terms

7. Updates to the Services or Software and Changes to These Terms.

    a. We'll inform you if we intend to change these Terms. We may change these Terms if it is necessary due to (i) applicable law, including, but not limited to, a change of such law; (ii) an advice and/or order based on applicable law; (iii) the evolution of the Services; (iv) technical reasons; (v) operational requirements or (vi) an advantageous change of terms for the user. We'll inform you of the intended change before it takes effect, either through the user interface, in an email message or through other reasonable means. We'll provide you the opportunity to cancel the Services at least 30 days before the change becomes effective. Using the Services after the changes become effective means you agree to the new terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the Services and close your Microsoft account in accordance with section 4.a.iv. We'll also expressly point to this fact when informing you about the intended change of these Terms.
    b. We may automatically check your version of the software, which is necessary to provide the Services, and download software updates or configuration changes, without charging you, to update, enhance and further develop the Services. You may also be required to update the software to continue using the Services. Such updates shall be subject to these Terms unless additional or other terms accompany the updates, in which case, those other terms apply. If you decline to accept the additional or other terms applicable to the updates, you may not receive or use the updates. Microsoft isn't obligated to make any updates available and doesn't guarantee that we will support the version of the system for which you purchased or licensed the software, apps, content or other products.
    c. We continuously work to improve the Services and may change the Services or delete features or stop providing access to Third-Party Apps and Services in that respect at any time, including, without limitation, if our agreements with third parties no longer permit us to make their material available, if it is no longer feasible for us to provide it, the technology advances, or if customer feedback indicates a change is needed. We will notify you in advance if a change to the Services will cause you to lose access to Your Content. For paid Services, we'll also notify you in advance of other material changes to the Services. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we have no obligation to provide a re-download or replacement of any material, Digital Goods (defined in section 13.k) or applications previously purchased. If we cancel a paid Service, we’ll refund to you on a pro-rata basis the amount of payments that you've made corresponding to the portion of that Service remaining right before the cancellation.
    d. So that you can use material protected with digital rights management (DRM), like some music, games, films, books and more, DRM software may automatically contact an online rights server and download and install DRM updates.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Software Licence

8. Software Licence. Unless accompanied by a separate Microsoft licence agreement (for example, if you are using a Microsoft application that is included with and a part of Windows, then the Microsoft Software Licence Terms for the Windows Operating System govern such software), any software provided by us to you as part of the Services is subject to these Terms. Applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Windows and Microsoft Store on Xbox) are subject to section 13.b.i below.

    a. If you comply with these Terms, we grant you the right to install and use one copy of the software per device on a worldwide basis for use by only one person at a time as part of your use of the Services. For certain devices, such software may be pre-installed for your personal, non-commercial use of the Services. The software or website that is part of the Services may include third-party code. Any third party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from the software or website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft. Notices, if any, for the third-party code are included for your information only.
    b. The software is licensed, not sold, and Microsoft reserves all rights to the software not expressly granted by Microsoft under these Terms. This licence does not give you any right to, and you may not, unlawfully:
        i. circumvent or bypass any technological protection measures in or relating to the software or Services;
        ii. disassemble, decompile, decrypt, hack, emulate, exploit or reverse engineer any software or other aspect of the Services that is included in or accessible through the Services, except and only to the extent that the applicable copyright law expressly permits doing so;
        iii. separate components of the software or Services for use on different devices;
        iv. publish, copy, rent, lease, sell, export, import, distribute or lend the software or the Services, unless Microsoft expressly authorises you to do so;
        v. transfer the software, any software licences or any rights to access or use the Services;
        vi. use the Services in any unauthorised way that could interfere with anyone else’s use of them or gain access to any service, data, account or network;
        vii. enable access to the Services or modify any Microsoft-authorised device (e.g. Xbox consoles, Microsoft Surface, etc.) by unauthorised third-party applications.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Payment Terms

9. Payment Terms. If you purchase a Service, then these payment terms apply to your purchase and you agree to them.

    a. Charges. If there is a charge associated with a portion of the Services, you agree to pay that charge. The price stated for the Services includes all applicable taxes, unless stated otherwise. You are solely responsible for paying such taxes or other charges. Taxes are calculated based on your location at the time your Microsoft account was registered, unless stated otherwise. After we have given you notice that we did not receive an on-time, full payment from you, we may suspend or cancel the Services if you do not make the full payment within the relevant time. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in a loss of access to and use of your account and its content. Connecting to the Internet via a corporate or other private network that masks your location may cause charges to be different from those displayed for your actual location. Depending on your location, some transactions might require foreign currency conversion or be processed in another country. Your bank might charge you additional fees for those services when you use a debit or credit card. Please contact your bank for details.
    b. Your Billing Account. To pay the charges for a Service, you will be asked to provide a payment method at the time you sign up for that Service. For all Services other than Skype, you can access and change your billing information and payment method on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618281) and for Skype software and products by signing into your account portal at https://skype.com/go/myaccount. Additionally, you agree to permit Microsoft to use any updated account information regarding your selected payment method provided by your issuing bank or the applicable payment network. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and payment method details, so we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed in connection with your transactions. If you tell us to stop using your payment method and don't provide us with another payment method after our notice to you to do so within an appropriate timeframe, we may suspend or cancel your paid Service for good cause. Changes made to your billing account won't affect charges we submit to your billing account before we could reasonably act on your changes to your billing account.
    c. Billing. By providing Microsoft with a payment method, you (i) represent that you are authorised to use the payment method you provided and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate; (ii) authorise Microsoft to charge you for the Services or available content using your payment method; and (iii) authorise Microsoft to charge you for any paid feature of the Services you choose to sign up for or use while these Terms are in force. As specified, we may bill you (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) shortly after purchase or (d) on a recurring basis for subscription Services. Also, we may charge you up to the amount you have approved, and we will notify you in advance of any change in the amount to be charged for recurring subscription Services and, in the case of a price change, provide you with the opportunity to cancel the Services before the price changes. We may bill you at the same time for more than one of your prior billing periods for amounts that haven't previously been processed.
    d. Recurring Payments. When you purchase the Services on a subscription basis (e.g. monthly, every three months or annually), you agree that you are authorising recurring payments, and payments will be made to Microsoft by the method and at the recurring intervals you have agreed to, until the subscription for that Service is terminated by you or by Microsoft. You must cancel your Services before the next billing date to stop being charged to continue your Services. We will provide you with instructions on how you may cancel the Services. By authorising recurring payments, you are authorising Microsoft to store your payment instrument and process such payments as either electronic debits or fund transfers, or as electronic drafts from your designated account (for Automated Clearing House or similar payments), or as charges to your designated account (for credit card or similar payments) (collectively, "Electronic Payments"). Subscription fees are generally charged in advance of the applicable subscription period. If any payment is returned unpaid or if any credit card or similar transaction is rejected or denied, Microsoft or its service providers reserve the right to collect any applicable return item, rejection or insufficient funds fee and process any such payment as an Electronic Payment.
    e. Online Statement and Errors. For all Services other than Skype, Microsoft will provide you with an online billing statement on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618284), where you can view and print your statement. For Skype, you can access your online statement by signing in to your account at www.skype.com (https://www.skype.com). This is the only billing statement that we provide. An invoice with VAT may be made available depending on the Service and country. If we make an error on your bill, we’ll correct it promptly after you tell us (or we notice it) and we investigate the charge. We recommend that you tell us within 120 days after an obvious error first appears on your bill as it is easier for us to resolve the issue during that period. You can address your requests for these purposes to the customer support service, as indicated in section 4.e.
    f. Refund Policy. You will be entitled to a cancellation period (a "Cooling-Off Period") of fourteen (14) days from the day of purchase, with or without cause. If the Service is partly delivered at the time of cancellation, you will get a pro-rated refund. You acknowledge the Cooling-Off Period ends at the time the Service is fully delivered to you, then your purchase cannot be refunded. When you purchase digital content from us, you will cease to have the right to cancel from the moment when you begin the download. Unless otherwise provided by law or by a particular Service offer, all purchases are final and non-refundable. For all Services other than Skype, information and directions on how to cancel a Service and request a refund using our Withdrawal Form, if you are entitled to a refund, is provided on Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618284). For Skype, please complete the Withdrawal Form using the information provided here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618286). If you believe that Microsoft has charged you in error, you must contact Microsoft and we will investigate the charge. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. This refund policy does not affect any rights under applicable law. For more refund information, please visit our help topic (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618283).

    g. Terminating the Services. You may cancel the Services on the services and subscriptions management page in your Microsoft account (https://account.microsoft.com/) or by contacting customer service as described above in section 4.e. Cancelling paid Services stops future charges to continue the Service. You should refer back to the offer describing the Services as (i) you may not receive a refund at the time of cancellation; (ii) you may be obligated to pay cancellation charges; (iii) you may be obligated to pay all charges made to your billing account for the Services before the date of cancellation; and (iv) you may lose access to and use of your account when you cancel the Services. We will process your Data as described above in section 4. If you cancel, your Services end at the end of your current Service period or, if we bill your account on a periodic basis, at the end of the period in which you cancelled. If you initiate a chargeback or reversal with your bank for your payment of Services, we will deem you to have cancelled as of the date that the original payment was made, and you authorise us to immediately cancel your service and/or revoke any content that was provided to you in exchange for such payment.
    
    h. Trial-Period Offers. If you are taking part in any trial-period offer, you may be required to cancel the trial Service(s) within the timeframe communicated to you when you accepted the offer in order to avoid being charged to continue the Service(s) at the end of the trial period.
    i. Promotional Offers. From time to time, Microsoft may offer Services for a trial period during which Microsoft will not charge you for the Services. Microsoft reserves the right to charge you for such Services (at the normal rate) if you breach the terms and conditions of the offer.
    j. Price Changes. If there is a fixed term and price for your Service offer, that price will remain in force for the term. You will need to agree to any new offer and price if you want to continue the Services. If your Services are on a periodic basis (for example, monthly), with no specific time length, and isn't a trial offer, we may change the price of the Services if we add new or improved Service features, to the extent the costs of providing the Service have increased accordingly, or in response to market changes (for example, due to labour costs, currency fluctuations, changes in taxes/regulations, inflation, licence fees, infrastructure and administrative costs). We will inform you at least 30 days before the price change becomes effective. You will have the opportunity to cancel the Services before the price changes in accordance with section 9.h above. When we notify you of the price change, we'll also inform you of the reasons and scope of the increase in prices and that the new price will become effective if you don't cancel the Services, and we’ll also remind you of how you can cancel the Services.
    k. Payments to You. If we owe you a payment, then you agree to timely and accurately provide us with any information we need to get that payment to you. You are responsible for any taxes and charges you may incur as a result of this payment to you. You must also comply with any other conditions we place on your right to any payment. If you receive a payment in error, we may reverse or require return of the payment. You agree to cooperate with us in our efforts to do this. We may also reduce the payment to you without notice to adjust it for any previous over-payment.
    l. Late payments. In case of late payments, you must pay for the reasonable costs we incur to collect any past due amounts including lawyers' fees and other legal fees and costs, as permitted by law and regulations. We may suspend or cancel your Services if you fail to pay in full on time after we send you a reminder – with the threat of suspension and/or cancellation of the Services – to make your payment within an appropriate time. You can avoid suspension or cancellation if you make the required payment within the appropriate time set forth in the reminder. A different procedure will apply if the amount missing is marginal. Amounts missing below 2 per cent of the total invoice value will always be deemed marginal. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in the loss of access to your Microsoft account.
    m. Gift Cards. Redemption and use of gift cards (other than Skype gift cards) are governed by the Microsoft Gift Card Terms and Conditions (https://support.microsoft.com/help/10562/microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions). Information on Skype gift cards is available on Skype’s Help page (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=615383).
    n. Bank Account Payment Method. You may register an eligible bank account with your Microsoft account to use it as a payment method. Eligible bank accounts include accounts held at a financial institution capable of receiving direct debit entries (e.g. a United States-based financial institution that supports automated clearing house ("ACH") entries, a European financial institution that supports Single Euro Payments Area ("SEPA") or "iDEAL" in the Netherlands). Terms you agreed to when adding your bank account as a payment method in your Microsoft account (e.g., the "mandate" in the case of SEPA) also apply. You represent and warrant that your registered bank account is held in your name or you are authorised to register and use this bank account as a payment method. By registering or selecting your bank account as your payment method, you authorise Microsoft (or its agent) to initiate one or more debits for the total amount of your purchase or subscription charge (in accordance with the terms of your subscription service) from your bank account (and, if necessary, initiate one or more credits to your bank account to correct errors, issue a refund or similar purpose), and you authorise the financial institution that holds your bank account to deduct such debits or accept such credits. You understand that this authorisation will remain in full force and effect until you remove your bank account information from your Microsoft account. Contact customer support as outlined above in section 4.e as soon as possible if you believe you have been charged in error. Laws applicable in your country may also limit your liability for any fraudulent, erroneous or unauthorised transactions from your bank account. By registering or selecting a bank account as your payment method, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to these Terms.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Contracting Entity, Choice of Law and Place to Resolve Disputes

10. Contracting Entity, Choice of Law and Place to Resolve Disputes. If you live in (or, if you are a business, your principal place of business is in) the European Union, Iceland, Lichtenstein, Norway, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, and you are using cost-free or paid Services, you are contracting with Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland (registered at the Companies Registration Office in Ireland under number 256796, VAT registration number: IE 8256796 U, with a registered address of 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland). The laws of Ireland govern all claims related to cost-free and paid Services, but this shall not deprive you of the mandatory consumer protections under the law of the country to which we direct your Services where you have your habitual residence (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located). With respect to jurisdiction, you and Microsoft agree to choose the courts of the country to which we direct your Services where you have your habitual residence (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms, or in the alternative, you may choose the responsible court in Ireland.
[Go to top of page] Top of page
Warranties

11. Warranties. If you are a consumer, you have certain rights under the law. These rights include an obligation on Microsoft to provide the Services using reasonable care and skill. Nothing in these terms is intended to limit or exclude our liability for any breach by Microsoft of this. EXCEPT IN CASES IN WHICH WE HAVE HIDDEN DEFECTS IN BAD FAITH OR DEFECTS HAVE RENDERED USE OF THE SERVICES IMPOSSIBLE AND EXCEPT FOR SKYPE PAID PRODUCTS, WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES "AS IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." WE DON’T GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF THE SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS AREN'T FAULT-FREE AND THAT OCCASIONAL PERIODS OF DOWNTIME OCCUR. WE CAN'T GUARANTEE THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS AND VENDORS GIVE NO CONTRACTUAL GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. YOU HAVE ALL MANDATORY WARRANTIES FORESEEN BY LAW, BUT WE GRANT NO OTHER WARRANTIES. WE EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED MANDATORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
[Go to top of page] Top of page
Limitation of Liability

12. Limitation of Liability.

    a. Microsoft shall not be liable for Your Content, material or other third party material, including links to third-party websites and activities provided by users. Such content and activities are neither attributable to Microsoft nor do they represent Microsoft’s opinion.
    b. Microsoft shall only be liable if material obligations of the Agreement have been violated, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
    c. Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives shall not be liable for any indirect damage, including financial loss, such as loss of profit, unless Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representative have at least acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct.
    d. Any statutory no-fault liability of Microsoft, including statutory liability for breach of warranty, shall remain unaffected by the limitation of liability. The same shall apply to liability of Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives in the event of fraud or their negligence resulting in personal injury or death.
    e. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for any failure to perform or delay in performing its obligations under these Terms to the extent that the failure or delay is caused by circumstances beyond Microsoft’s reasonable control (such as labour disputes, acts of God, war or terrorist activity, malicious damage, accidents or compliance with any applicable law or government order). Microsoft will endeavour to minimise the effects of any of these events and to perform the obligations that aren’t affected. 

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Service-Specific Terms

13. Service-Specific Terms. The terms before and after section 13 apply generally to all Services. This section contains service-specific terms that are in addition to the general terms. These service-specific terms govern if there are any conflicts with the general terms.
[Go to top of page] Top of page
Xbox

    a. Xbox.
        i. Personal Non-Commercial Use. The Xbox online service, Xbox Game Studios (https://www.xbox.com/xbox-game-studios) games (including Mojang Games), applications, subscriptions (e.g. Xbox Game Pass for PC, Xbox Game Pass for Console, Xbox Game Pass Ultimate), services (e.g. Xbox Live) and content provided by Microsoft (collectively, the "Xbox Services") are only for your personal and non-commercial use.
        ii. Xbox Services. When you sign up to receive Xbox Services, information about your game play, activities and usage of games and Xbox Services will be tracked and shared with applicable third-party game developers in order for Microsoft and the third-party game developers to operate their games and to deliver the Xbox Services. If you choose to link your Microsoft Xbox Services account with your account on a non-Microsoft service or sign in to your Xbox Services account to access a non-Microsoft Service (for example, a non-Microsoft game publisher of Third-Party Apps and Services), you agree that: (a) Microsoft may share limited account information (including without limitation gamertag, gamerscore, game score, game history and friends list), with that non-Microsoft party as stated in the Microsoft Privacy Statement and (b) if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, the non-Microsoft party may also have access to Your Content from in-game communications when you are signed into your account with that non-Microsoft party. Also, if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft can publish your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto, avatar, gameclips and games that you’ve played in communications to people you allow.
        iii. Your Content. As part of building the Xbox Services community, you grant to Microsoft, its affiliates and sublicensees a free and worldwide right, to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, broadcast, share and display Your Content or your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto or avatar that you posted for any Xbox Services in whole or in part by any means or processes on any materials or support.
        iv. Game Managers. Some games may use game managers, ambassadors or hosts. Game managers and hosts are not authorised Microsoft spokespersons. Their views do not necessarily reflect those of Microsoft.
        v. Kids on Xbox. If you are a minor using the Xbox Services, your parent or guardian may have control over many aspects of your account and may receive reports about your use of the Xbox Services.
        vi. Game Currency or Virtual Goods. The Xbox Services may include a virtual, game currency (like gold, coins or points) that may be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft using actual monetary instruments if you are a legal adult in your country of residence. The Xbox Services may also include virtual, digital items or goods that may be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft using actual monetary instruments or using game currency. Game currency and virtual goods may never be redeemed for actual monetary instruments, goods or other items of monetary value from Microsoft or any other party. Other than a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to use the game currency and virtual goods in the Xbox Services only, you have no right or title in or to any such game currency or virtual goods associated with any one or more Xbox games or apps appearing or originating in the Xbox Services, or any other attributes associated with use of the Xbox Services or stored within the Xbox Services. Microsoft may change its offerings around game currency or virtual goods from time to time.
        vii. Software Updates. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your version of Xbox console software or the Xbox app software and download Xbox console or Xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, using unauthorised Xbox games or Xbox apps, or using unauthorised hardware peripheral devices with an Xbox console.
        viii. Gamertag Expiry. You must sign in to Xbox Services at least once in a five-year period, otherwise you may lose access to the gamertag associated with your account and that gamertag may become available for use by others.
        ix. Cheating and Tampering Software. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your device for unauthorised hardware or software that enables cheating or tampering in violation of the Code of Conduct or these Terms, and download Xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, or from using unauthorised hardware or software that enables cheating or tampering.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Store

    b. Store. "Store" refers to a Service that allows you to browse, download, purchase and rate and review applications (the term “application” includes games) and other digital content. These Terms cover use of certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Windows and Microsoft Store on Xbox). "Office Store" means a Store for Office products and apps for Office, Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access and Project (2013 versions or later) or any other experience that is branded Office Store. "Microsoft Store on Windows" means a Store, owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates, for Windows devices such as phone, PC and tablet or any other experience that is branded Microsoft Store and accessible on Windows devices such as phone, PC or tablet. "Microsoft Store on Xbox" means a Store, owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates and made available on Xbox consoles or any other experience that is branded Microsoft Store and made available on Xbox console.
        i. Licence Terms. We will identify the publisher of each application available in the relevant Store. Unless different licence terms are provided with the application, the Standard Application Licence Terms ("SALT") at the end of these Terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher setting forth the licence terms that apply to an application you download through any Store owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (excluding the Office Store). For clarity, these Terms cover the use of, and services provided by, Microsoft Services. Section 5 of these Terms also applies to any Third-Party Apps and Services acquired through a Store. Applications downloaded through the Office Store are not governed by the SALT and have separate licence terms that apply.
        ii. Updates. Microsoft will automatically check for and download updates to your applications, even if you are not signed into the relevant Store. You can change your Store or system settings if you prefer not to receive automatic updates to Store applications. However, certain Office Store applications that are entirely or partly hosted online may be updated at any time by the application developer and may not require your permission to update.
        iii. Ratings and Reviews. If you submit a rating or review for an application or other Digital Good in the Store, you may receive email from Microsoft containing content from the publisher of the application or Digital Good. Any such email comes from Microsoft; we do not share your email address with publishers of applications or other Digital Goods you acquire through the Store.
        iv. Safety Warning. To avoid possible injury, discomfort or eye strain, you should take periodic breaks from use of games or other applications, especially if you feel any pain or fatigue resulting from usage. If you experience discomfort, take a break. Discomfort might include feelings of nausea, motion sickness, dizziness, disorientation, headache, fatigue, eye strain or dry eyes. Using applications can distract you and obstruct your surroundings. Avoid trip hazards, stairs, low ceilings, fragile or valuable items that could be damaged. A very small percentage of people may experience seizures when exposed to certain visual images like flashing lights or patterns that may appear in applications. Even people with no history of seizures may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause these seizures. Symptoms may include lightheadedness, altered vision, twitching, jerking or shaking of limbs, disorientation, confusion, loss of consciousness or convulsions. Immediately stop using and consult a doctor if you experience any of these symptoms, or consult a doctor before using the applications if you’ve ever suffered symptoms linked to seizures. Parents should monitor their children’s use of applications for signs of symptoms.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Microsoft Family Features

    c. Microsoft Family Features. Parents and kids can use Microsoft family features, including Microsoft Family Safety, to build trust based on a shared understanding of what behaviour, websites, apps, games, physical locations and spending is right in their family. Parents can create a family by going to https://account.microsoft.com/family (or by following the instructions on their Windows device or Xbox console) and inviting kids or other parents to join. There are many features available to family members, so please carefully review the information provided when you agree to create or join a family and when you purchase Digital Goods for family access. By creating or joining a family, you agree to use the family in accordance with its purpose and won’t use it in an unauthorised way to unlawfully gain access to another person’s information.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Group Messaging

    d. Group Messaging. Various Microsoft services allow you to send messages to others via voice or SMS ("messages"), and/or allow Microsoft and Microsoft-controlled affiliates to send such messages to you and one or more other users on your behalf. WHEN YOU INSTRUCT MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES TO SEND SUCH MESSAGES TO YOU OR TO OTHERS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO US THAT YOU AND EACH PERSON YOU HAVE INSTRUCTED US TO MESSAGE CONSENT TO RECEIVE SUCH MESSAGES AND ANY OTHER RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE TEXT MESSAGES FROM MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES. "Administrative text messages" are periodic transactional messages from a particular Microsoft service, including but not limited to a "welcome message" or instructions on how to stop receiving messages. You or group members no longer wishing to receive such messages can opt out of receiving further messages from Microsoft or Microsoft-controlled affiliates at any time by following the instructions provided. If you no longer wish to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree that you will opt out through the instructions provided by the applicable program or service. If you have reason to believe that a group member no longer wishes to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree to remove them from the group. You also represent and warrant to us that you and each person you have instructed us to message understands that each group member is responsible for the costs of any message charges assessed by his or her mobile carrier, including any international message charges that may apply when messages are transmitted from US-based numbers.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe

    e. Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe.
        i. Emergency Services. There are important differences between traditional mobile or fixed line telephone services and Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe. Microsoft is not required to offer access to Emergency Services for Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe (with the exception of Skype to Phone as described below) under any applicable local or national rules, regulations or law. Skype software and products are not intended to support or carry emergency calls to any type of hospitals, law enforcement agencies, medical care units or any other kind of services that connect a user to emergency services personnel or public safety answering points ("Emergency Services"). Only the Skype to Phone feature of Skype may support calls to Emergency Services in a very limited number of countries, and for limited software versions and platforms only. You can find details about availability and how to configure this feature here: https://www.skype.com/go/emergency. If your Skype to Phone emergency call is connected, you will need to provide details of your physical location to enable the emergency services to respond to you. Microsoft does not guarantee that your emergency call will be connected. Find out more about calling 112, the dedicated emergency number for the EU at www.skype.com/go/emergency.
        ii. Changes to Skype paid products. If we make changes to Skype paid products which are detrimental to you, we’ll give you at least thirty days’ notice of the changes and inform you of your right to terminate the affected product before it changes. If you do not terminate the product before the changes take effect, you agree to the changes. We will expressly inform you of this fact when we notify you.
        iii. APIs or Broadcasting. If you want to use Skype in connection with any broadcast, you must comply with the "Broadcast TOS" at https://www.skype.com/go/legal.broadcast. If you want to use any application program interface ("API") exposed or made available by Microsoft you must comply with the applicable licensing terms, which are available at www.skype.com/go/legal.
        iv. Fair Use Policies. Fair usage policies may apply to your use of Skype software and products. Please review these policies which are designed to protect against fraud and abuse and may place limits on the type, duration or volume of calls or messages that you are able to make. These policies are incorporated in these Terms by reference. You can find these policies at https://www.skype.com/go/terms.fairusage.
        v. Mapping. Skype software and products contain features that allow you to submit information to, or plot yourself on a map using, a mapping service. By using those features, you agree to these Terms and the Google Maps terms available at https://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/help/terms_maps.html.
        vi. Personal/Non-Commercial Use. The use of Skype software and products is for your personal and non-commercial use. You are permitted to use Skype at work for your own business communications.
        vii. Skype Number/Skype To Go. If Microsoft provides you with a Skype Number or Skype To Go number, you agree that you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever. In certain countries, a number may be made available to you by a Microsoft partner rather than Microsoft, and you may need to enter into a separate agreement with such partner. For more details on Skype Number see https://go.skype.com/home.skype-number.
        viii. Skype Manager. A "Skype Manager Admin Account" is created and managed by you, acting as an individual administrator of a Skype Manager group and not as a business entity. You may link your individual Microsoft account to a Skype Manager group ("Linked Account"). You may appoint additional administrators to your Skype Manager subject to their acceptance of these Terms. If you allocate Skype Numbers to a Linked Account, you are responsible for compliance with any requirements related to the residency or location of your Linked Account users. If you choose to unlink a Linked Account from a Skype Manager group, any allocated subscriptions, Skype Credit or Skype Numbers will not be retrievable and Your Content or material associated with the unlinked account will no longer be accessible by you. You agree to process any personal information of your Linked Account users in accordance with all applicable data protection laws.
        ix. Skype Charges and Refunds. The charges payable for calling phones outside of a subscription consist of a connection fee (charged once per call) and a per-minute rate as set out on www.skype.com/go/allrates. Call charges will be deducted from you Skype Credit balance. Microsoft may change the rates for calling phones and premium rate numbers that are not part of a subscription. If the changes are substantial and not advantageous to you (e.g. if we increase the rates), we will inform you by email or in some other appropriate manner at least thirty (30) days before the rate changes take effect. After thirty (30) days, the new rates will apply to your next call. You can find the current rates at www.skype.com/go/allrates. If you do not accept the new rates you should not make a call. Fractional call minutes and fractional cent charges will be rounded up to the next whole unit. All prices for Skype paid products are inclusive of applicable taxes, including VAT, unless otherwise stated. VAT is calculated based on the billing address provided. You explicitly waive any right to VAT reimbursement from Microsoft if the amount of VAT ultimately payable by the latter to the tax authorities would for any reason be lower than the amount of VAT collected from you. Skype paid products are not available to customers in Mount Athos, Canary Islands, French Overseas Departments, Aland Islands, Channel Islands, Heligoland Island, Büsingen / Buesingen Territory, Ceuta, Melilla, Livigno, Campione d'Italia and Italian Waters of Lake Lugano. If you have made use of a Skype paid product, your Cooling-Off Period will be extinguished and your purchase cannot be cancelled or refunded. Expenditure of Skype Credit, allocation of a Skype Number or use of a subscription amounts to ‘full delivery’ and/or ‘use’ of a Skype paid product. You expressly agree that Skype Numbers may be allocated before the end of the Cooling-Off Period and become non-refundable upon allocation. Outside of the Cooling-Off Period, only unused or unexpired Skype subscriptions are refundable subject to these Terms. The Cooling-Off Period and refunds do not apply to Skype paid products that are (i) purchased via a third party partner, (ii) paid for in cash using third party payment methods (such as a cash payment wallet), (iii) not directly purchased online from Microsoft (e.g. vouchers or pre-paid cards) or (iv) allocated to your account by a third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may be entitled, under applicable law, to a refund, upon request, of any pre-paid subscription balance in the event you switch your Skype Number to another provider.
        x. Skype Credit. Microsoft does not guarantee that you will be able to use your Skype Credit balance to purchase all Skype paid products. If you do not use your Skype Credit for a period of 180-days, Microsoft will place your Skype Credit on inactive status. You can reactivate the Skype Credit by following the reactivation link at https://www.skype.com/go/store.reactivate.credit. You can enable the Auto Recharge feature when you buy Skype Credit by ticking the appropriate box. If enabled, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by your chosen payment method every time your Skype balance goes below the threshold set by Skype from time to time. If you purchased a subscription with a payment method other than credit card, PayPal or Moneybookers (Skrill), and you have enabled Auto-Recharge, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the amount necessary to purchase your next recurring subscription. You can disable Auto-Recharge at any time by accessing and changing your settings in your account portal in Skype.
        xi. International Message Fees. GroupMe and Microsoft Teams currently uses US-based numbers for each group created. Every text message sent to or received from a GroupMe or Microsoft Teams number will count as an international text message sent to or received from the United States. Please check with your provider for the associated international rates.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Bing and MSN

    f. Bing and MSN.
        i. Bing and MSN Materials. The articles, text, photos, maps, videos, video players and third-party material available on Bing and MSN, including through Microsoft bots, applications and programmes, are for your non-commercial, personal use only. Other uses, such as downloading, copying or redistributing these materials, or using these materials or products to build your own products, are permitted only to the extent specifically authorised by Microsoft or rights holders, or allowed by applicable copyright law. Microsoft or other rights holders reserve all rights to the material not expressly granted by Microsoft under the licence terms.
        ii. Bing Maps. You may not use Bird's eye imagery of the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Australia or Japan for governmental use without our separate written approval.
        iii. Bing Places. When you provide your Data or Your Content to Bing Places, you grant Microsoft a worldwide, royalty-free intellectual property licence to use, reproduce, save, modify, aggregate, promote, transmit, display or distribute as part of a service, and sub-license those rights to third parties.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Cortana

    g. Cortana.
        i. Personal Non-Commercial Use. Cortana is Microsoft’s personal assistant Service. The features, services and content provided by Cortana (collectively "Cortana Services") are only for your personal and non-commercial use.
        ii. Functionality and Content. Cortana provides a range of features, some of which are personalised. Cortana Services may allow you to access services, information or functionality provided by other Microsoft Services or Third-Party Apps and Services. The service-specific Terms of section 13 also apply to your use of applicable Microsoft Services accessed through Cortana Services. Cortana provides information for your planning purposes only and you should exercise your own independent judgement when reviewing and relying on this information. Microsoft does not guarantee the reliability, availability or timeliness of personalised experiences provided by Cortana. Microsoft is not responsible if a Cortana feature delays or prevents you from receiving, reviewing or sending a communication or notification or obtaining a service.
        iii. Third-Party Apps and Services. As part of delivering the Cortana Services, Cortana may suggest and help you interact with Third-Party Apps and Services (third-party skills or connected services). If you choose, Cortana may exchange information with Third-Party Apps and Services, such as your postcode and queries and responses returned by the Third-Party App and Services, to help you obtain the requested services. Cortana may enable you to make purchases through Third-Party Apps and Services using the account preferences and settings you have established directly with those Third-Party Apps and Services. You can disconnect your Cortana Service from Third-Party Apps and Services at any time. Your use of the Cortana Services to connect with Third-Party Apps and Services is subject to section 5 of these Terms. Publishers of Third-Party Apps and Services may change or discontinue the functionality or features of their Third-Party Apps and Services or integration with Cortana Services. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for manufacturer provided software or firmware.
        iv. Cortana-Enabled Devices. Cortana-enabled devices are products or devices that are enabled to access Cortana Services, or products or devices that are compatible with Cortana Services. Cortana-enabled devices include third-party devices or products that Microsoft does not own, manufacture or develop. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for these third-party devices or products.
        v. Software Updates. We may automatically check your version of Cortana Services software which is necessary to provide the Services, and download software updates or configuration change, without charging you, or require any manufacturers of Cortana-enabled devices to keep the Cortana Services software up to date.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Office Services

    h. Office Services.
        i. Microsoft 365 Home, Microsoft 365 Personal, Office Online, Sway, OneNote.com and any other Microsoft 365 subscription or Office-branded Services are for your personal, non-commercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement with Microsoft. Use of apps such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive, Access and Publisher in Microsoft 365 Family, Microsoft 365 Personal and any other Microsoft 365 subscription Services is governed by supplemental licence terms located at https://aka.ms/useterms together with these Terms.
        ii. Outlook. Outlook includes use of Bing Maps. Any content provided through Bing Maps, including geocodes, can only be used within the product through which the content is provided. Your use of Bing Maps is governed by the Bing Maps End User Terms of Use available at go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9710837 and the Microsoft Privacy Statement available at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=248686. 

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Microsoft Health Services

    i. Microsoft Health Services.
        i. Microsoft Band. Microsoft Band device and application are not medical devices and are intended for fitness and wellness purposes only. They are not designed or intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease or other conditions. Microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from Microsoft Band.
        ii. Health Bots. Health bots, which may include action plans, insights, reminders and other features, are not medical devices and are only intended for fitness and wellness purposes with a programme issued by a care provider. They are not designed or intended as substitutes for professional medical advice or for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, prevention or treatment of disease or other conditions. You assume full responsibility for your use of health bots. Microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from health bots. You should always consult a doctor with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, diet, fitness or wellness programme before using health bots. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of information that you accessed on or through the Services. As with any technology, health bots may not work as intended for a variety of reasons including loss of power or connectivity.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Digital Goods

    j. Digital Goods. Through Microsoft Groove, Microsoft Films & TV, Store, Xbox Services and any other related and future services, Microsoft may enable you to obtain, listen to, view, play or read (as the case may be) music, images, video, text, books, games or other material ("Digital Goods") that you may get in digital form. The Digital Goods are only for your personal, non-commercial entertainment use. You agree not to redistribute, broadcast, publicly perform or publicly display or transfer any copies of the Digital Goods. Digital Goods may be owned by Microsoft or by third parties. In all circumstances, you understand and acknowledge that your rights with respect to Digital Goods are limited by these Terms, copyright law and the usage rules located at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143. You agree that you will not attempt to modify any Digital Goods obtained through any of the Services for any reason whatsoever, including for the purpose of disguising or changing ownership or source of the Digital Goods. Microsoft or the owners of the Digital Goods may, from time to time, remove Digital Goods from the Services without notice.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
OneDrive

    k. OneDrive.
        i. Storage Allocation. If you have more content stored in your OneDrive account than is provided to you under the terms of your free or paid subscription service for OneDrive and you do not respond to notice from Microsoft to fix your account by removing excess content or moving to a new subscription plan with more storage within 30 days of providing you notice (or any longer period specific in the notice), we reserve the right to close your account and delete or disable access to Your Content on OneDrive.
        ii. Service Performance. Depending on factors such as your equipment, Internet connection and Microsoft’s efforts to maintain the performance and integrity of its service, you may occasionally experience delays in uploading or syncing content on OneDrive.
        iii. Notice of Expiry. We will give you at least one months’ notice before closing your OneDrive account for inactivity under section 4.a.ii. If you are a paid OneDrive subscriber, we won’t close your account for inactivity during any period where you have paid for your OneDrive usage.
        iv. Changes to OneDrive Service. We will notify you at least 30 days in advance if any change to free or paid OneDrive services will cause you to lose access to Your Content on OneDrive.
        v. Paid Subscriptions. If we reduce your OneDrive data storage limits or cancel the OneDrive service, you may cancel your paid subscription for OneDrive and we’ll provide you with a pro-rated refund for such subscription. We will provide you at least 30-days’ notice of any such change and you must cancel within the period set forth in the notice.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Microsoft Rewards

    l. Microsoft Rewards.
        i. Microsoft Rewards (the "Programme") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions and other offers from Microsoft. Offers may vary by market. A search is the act of an individual user manually entering text for the good faith purpose of obtaining Bing search results for such user’s own research purposes and does not include any query entered by a bot, macro or other automated or fraudulent means of any kind ("Search"). An acquisition is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and acquiring a licence for digital content from Microsoft, whether free or paid ("Acquisition"). Rewards points are not offered for every purchase from Microsoft. Microsoft may offer additional opportunities to earn points from time to time, and each points-earning offer will not be available in perpetuity. Your earned points can be redeemed for rewards listed on the redeem page at https://aka.ms/redeemrewards ("Rewards"). For more information see the Rewards section at support.microsoft.com (https://support.microsoft.com) ("FAQ").
            1. Programme Requirements. You need a valid Microsoft account and your devices must meet the minimum system requirements (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/). The Programme is open to users who reside in the markets listed in the FAQs. Individuals can have no more than one Programme account, even if an individual has multiple email addresses and households are limited to six accounts. The Programme is solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
            2. Points. Except for sharing points within your Microsoft family (limits may apply) or donating your points to a not-for-profit organisation listed on the redeem page, you cannot transfer points. Points are not your personal property, and you may not obtain any cash or money in exchange for them. Points are awarded to you on a promotional basis. You cannot purchase points. Microsoft may limit the quantity of points or Rewards per person, per household or over a set period (e.g. a day) provided that you are not disadvantaged in breach of good faith. You may redeem no more than 550,000 points per calendar year in the Programme. Points earned in the Programme are not valid in, and may not be used in combination with, any other programme offered by Microsoft or third parties. Unredeemed points expire if you do not earn or redeem any points for 18 months.
            3. Rewards. You may redeem your points or you may contribute points to a listed nonprofit organisation by visiting the redeem page (https://aka.ms/redeemrewards) or by signing up for automatic contributions to non-profit organisations through a giving programme. There may be a limited number of a particular Reward available, and those Rewards will be delivered on a first-come, first-served basis. You may be required to provide additional information, like your address and a telephone number (other than a VOIP or freephone number), and you may also be asked to enter a fraud-prevention code or sign additional legal documents to redeem points for Rewards. Once you have ordered a Reward, you cannot cancel it or return it for a refund of points except in the case of defective products or as required by applicable law. If you order a Reward that is out of stock or unavailable for other reasons, we may substitute a Reward of comparable value or refund your points. Microsoft may update the Rewards offered on the redeem page or discontinue offering specific Rewards. Some Rewards may have age eligibility requirements. Any such requirements will be included in the relevant offer. You are responsible for all federal, state and local taxes and any other costs of accepting and using the Reward. Rewards will be emailed to the email address associated with your Microsoft account, so keep your email address up to date. Rewards that are undeliverable will not be reissued and are therefore forfeited. Rewards are not for resale. For more information about contributing points automatically to non-profit organisations, see the Give with Bing FAQs (https://www.microsoft.com/rewards/give-mode-overview).
            4. Cancelling Your Participation in the Programme. If you no longer wish to participate in the Microsoft Rewards programme, follow the instructions on the opt out page (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/optout?confirm=false). If you opt out, you will immediately lose all of your available points. Your Programme account may be cancelled if you do not log in at least once in an 18-month period. Additionally, Microsoft reserves the right to cancel the Programme account of a specific user for tampering with, abusing or defrauding the Programme, or for breach of these terms. Upon Programme cancellation (by you or us) or if the Programme is suspended, you will have 90 days to redeem your points; otherwise, those points will be forfeited. At the point of cancellation, your right to use the Programme and accrue future points ends.
            5. Other Conditions. Microsoft reserves the right to disqualify you; disable your access to the Programme or your Rewards account; and/or withhold points, Rewards and charitable contributions, if Microsoft believes you are tampering with or abusing any aspect of the Programme, ineligible to receive a Reward for legal reasons (such as export laws), or may be engaging in activities that violate these Terms.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Azure

    m. Azure. Your use of the Azure service is governed by the terms and conditions of the separate agreement under which you obtained the services, as detailed on the Microsoft Azure Legal Information page at https://aka.ms/AA7z67v.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Miscellaneous

14. Miscellaneous. This section, and sections 1, 9 (for amounts incurred before the end of these Terms), 10, 11, 12, 16 and those that by their terms apply after it ends will survive any termination or cancellation of these Terms. We may assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of our rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, so long as such assignment, transfer or disposal isn’t to your detriment, at any time without notice. You may not assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of these Terms or any rights to use the Services. This is the entire agreement between you and Microsoft for your use of the Services. It supersedes any prior agreements between you and Microsoft regarding your use of the Services. All parts of these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by relevant law. If a court or arbitrator holds that we can't enforce a part of these Terms as written, those terms shall be deemed replaced with similar terms to the extent enforceable under the relevant law, but the rest of these Terms won't change. These Terms are solely for your and our benefit. It isn't for the benefit of any other person, except for Microsoft’s successors and assigns. Section headings are for reference only.

15. Waiver of end-user consumer protection provisions. If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise or a not-for-profit organisation, you agree to waive any and all entitlements that you would otherwise have under the European Electronic Communications Code (Directive 2018/1972) Article 102 paragraphs 1, 3 and 5, Article 105 paragraph 1 and Article 107 paragraphs 1 and 3.

16. Export Laws. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software and/or Services, which include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For further information on geographic and export restrictions, visit https://www.microsoft.com/exporting.

17. Reservation of Rights and Feedback. Except as expressly provided under these Terms, Microsoft does not grant you a licence or any other rights of any type under any patents, know-how, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Microsoft or any related entity, including but not limited to any name, trade dress, logo or equivalents. If you give to Microsoft any idea, proposal, suggestion or feedback, including without limitation ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements ("Feedback"), you give to Microsoft, without charge, royalties or other obligation to you, the right to make, have made, create derivative works, use, share and commercialise your Feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give Feedback that is subject to a licence that requires Microsoft to license its software, technologies or documentation to any third party because Microsoft includes your Feedback in them.
[Go to top of page] Top of page
NOTICES

Notices and procedure for making claims of intellectual property infringement. Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties. If you have claims of intellectual property infringement, including claims of copyright infringement, we recommend that you send such notice to Microsoft's designated agent. For details and contact information, see Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement (https://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtInfrg.html).

Microsoft uses the processes set out in Title 17, United States Code, Section 512 to respond to notices of copyright infringement. In appropriate circumstances, Microsoft may also disable or terminate accounts of users of Microsoft services who may be repeat infringers.

Notices and procedures regarding intellectual property concerns in advertising. Please review our Intellectual Property Guidelines (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=243207) regarding intellectual property concerns on our advertising network.

Copyright and trademark notices. The Services are copyright © Microsoft Corporation and/or its suppliers, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, USA. All rights reserved. The Terms incorporate Microsoft Trademark & Brand Guidelines (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx) (as amended from time to time). Microsoft and the names, logos and icons of all Microsoft products, software and services may be either unregistered or registered trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies in the United States and/or other countries. The following is a non-exhaustive list of Microsoft’s trademarks at https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/EN-US.aspx. The names of actual companies and products may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved. Certain software used in certain Microsoft website servers is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group. Copyright © 1991-1996 Thomas G. Lane. All rights reserved. "gnuplot" software used in certain Microsoft website servers is copyright © 1986‑1993 Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley. All rights reserved.

Medical notice. Microsoft does not provide medical or any other health care advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of your doctor or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, diet, fitness or wellness programme. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of information that you accessed on or through the Services.

Stock quotes and index data (including index values). Financial information provided through the Services is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use any of the finance data or marks of any third-party licensor in connection with the issuance, creation, sponsorship, trading, marketing or promotion of any financial instruments or investment products (for example, derivatives, structured products, investment funds, exchange-traded funds, investment portfolios, etc., where the price, return and/or performance of the instrument or investment product is based on, related to, or intended to track any of the finance data) without a separate written agreement with the third-party licensor.

Financial notice. Microsoft isn't a broker/dealer or registered investment adviser under United States federal securities law or securities laws of other jurisdictions and doesn't advise individuals as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing or selling securities or other financial products or services. Nothing contained in the Services is an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. Neither Microsoft nor its licensors of stock quotes or index data endorse or recommend any particular financial products or services. Nothing in the Services is intended to be professional advice, including without limitation, investment or tax advice.

Notice about the H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual and VC-1 Video Standards. The software may include H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual and/or VC-1 codec technology that may be licensed by MPEG LA, L.L.C. This technology is a format for data compression of video information. MPEG LA, L.L.C. requires this notice:

THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL AND THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENCES FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (A) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE STANDARDS ("VIDEO STANDARDS") AND/OR (B) DECODE H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL AND VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE SUCH VIDEO. NONE OF THE LICENCES EXTEND TO ANY OTHER PRODUCT REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PRODUCT IS INCLUDED WITH THIS SOFTWARE IN A SINGLE ARTICLE. NO LICENCE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE THE MPEG LA WEBSITE (https://www.mpegla.com).

For clarification purposes only, this notice does not limit or inhibit the use of the software provided under these Terms for normal business uses that are personal to that business which do not include (i) redistribution of the software to third parties or (ii) creation of material with the VIDEO STANDARDS compliant technologies for distribution to third parties.
[Go to top of page] Top of page
STANDARD APPLICATION LICENCE TERMS

STANDARD APPLICATION LICENCE TERMS
FOR APPLICATIONS OFFERED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA

MICROSOFT STORE, MICROSOFT STORE ON WINDOWS AND MICROSOFT STORE ON XBOX

These licence terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher. Please read them. They apply to the software applications you download from the Microsoft Store, the Microsoft Store on Windows or the Microsoft Store on Xbox (each of which is referred to in these licence terms as the "Store"), including any updates or supplements for the application, unless the application comes with separate terms, in which case those terms apply.

IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO AND MUST NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APPLICATION.

The application publisher means the entity licensing the application to you, as identified in the Store.

If you comply with these licence terms, you have the rights below.

    1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. You may install and use the application on Windows devices or Xbox consoles as described in Microsoft's Usage Rules (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143). Microsoft reserves the right to modify Microsoft's Usage Rules (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143) at any time.
    2. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES.
        a. Consent for Internet-based or wireless services. If the application connects to computer systems over the Internet, which may include via a wireless network, using the application operates as your consent to the transmission of standard device information (including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software and peripherals) for Internet-based or wireless services. If other terms are presented in connection with your use of the services accessed using the application, those terms also apply.
        b. Misuse of Internet-based services. You may not use any Internet-based service in any way that you intentionally harm it or impair anyone else’s use of it or the wireless network. You may not use the service to try to gain unauthorised access to any service, data, account or network by any means.
    3. SCOPE OF LICENCE. The application is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the application. If Microsoft disables the ability to use the applications on your devices pursuant to your agreement with Microsoft, any associated licence rights will terminate. The application publisher reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the application only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the application that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not:
        a. Work around any technical limitations in the application.
        b. Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the application, except and only to the extent that it is expressly permitted by applicable copyright law provisions for computer programs.
        c. Make more copies of the application than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation.
        d. Publish or otherwise make the application available for others to copy.
        e. Rent, lease or lend the application.
        f. Transfer the application or this agreement to any third party.
    4. DOCUMENTATION. If documentation is provided with the application, you may copy and use the documentation for personal reference purposes.
    5. TECHNOLOGY AND EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The application may be subject to United States or international technology control or export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the application. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For information on Microsoft branded products, go to the Microsoft exporting website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868967).
    6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Contact the application publisher to determine if any support services are available. Microsoft, your hardware manufacturer and your wireless carrier (unless one of them is the application publisher) are not responsible for providing support services for the application.
    7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, any applicable privacy policy, any additional terms that accompany the application and the terms for supplements and updates are the entire licence agreement between you and application publisher for the application.
    8. APPLICABLE LAW.

        a. United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of these terms, claims for breach of them and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles.
        b. Outside the United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in any other country, the laws of that country apply.

    9. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country. This agreement doesn’t change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country don’t permit it to do so.
    10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The application is licensed “as-is”, “with all faults” and “as available". The application publisher, on behalf of itself, Microsoft (if Microsoft isn’t the application publisher), wireless carriers over whose network the application is provided, and each of our respective affiliates, vendors, agents and suppliers (“Covered Parties”), give no additional contractual warranties, guarantees or conditions in relation to the application. You have all mandatory warranties foreseen by law, but we grant no other warranties. To the extent permitted under local laws, Covered Parties exclude any implied mandatory warranties, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, safety, comfort and non-infringement.
    11. LIMITATION ON REMEDIES AND DAMAGES.
        a. The application publisher shall not be liable for any user content or other third-party material, including links to third-party websites, and activities provided by users. Such content and activities are neither attributable to the application publisher nor do they represent the application publisher’s opinion.
        b. The application publisher shall only be liable if material obligations of these licence terms have been violated.
        c. The application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives shall not be liable for any unforeseeable damage and/or financial loss with respect to any indirect damage, including loss of profit, unless the application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives have at least acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct.
        d. Any statutory no-fault liability of the application publisher, including, without limitation, liability under the product liability act and statutory liability for breach of warranty, shall remain unaffected by the limitation of liability. The same shall apply to liability of the application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representative in the event of fraud or their negligence resulting in personal injury or death.
        e. No other contractual and legal claims besides those covered in subsections (a) to (e) of this section 11 may result from these application licence terms and/or the use of the application or services made available through the application.

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Covered Services

The following products, apps and services are covered by the Microsoft Services Agreement, but may not be available in your market.

    Account.microsoft.com
    Ask Cortana
    Bing Apps
    Bing Dictionary
    Bing Image and News (iOS)
    Bing Maps
    Bing Pages
    Bing Rebates
    Bing Search APIs/SDKs
    Bing Search app
    Bing Translator
    Bing Webmaster
    Bing.com
    Bingplaces.com
    Cortana skills by Microsoft
    Cortana
    Default Homepage and New Tab Page on Microsoft Edge
    Dev Center App
    Device Health App
    Dictate
    education.minecraft.net
    Face Swap
    Feedback Intake Tool for Azure Maps (aka “Azure Maps Feedback”)
    Forms.microsoft.com
    forzamotorsport.net
    Groove Music Pass
    Groove
    GroupMe
    LineBack
    Maps App
    Microsoft 365 Business Standard and Microsoft 365 Apps*
        *Until a commercial domain is established for use of these services, at which time separate Microsoft commercial terms will govern instead.
    Microsoft 365 Consumer
    Microsoft 365 Family
    Microsoft 365 Personal
    Microsoft Academic
    Microsoft account
    Microsoft Add-Ins for Skype
    Microsoft Bots
    Microsoft Educator Community
    Microsoft Family
    Microsoft Films & TV
    Microsoft Health
    Microsoft Launcher
    Microsoft Maths Solver
    Microsoft Pay
    Microsoft Pix
    Microsoft Research Interactive Science
    Microsoft Research Open Data
    Microsoft Search in Bing
    Microsoft Soundscape
    Microsoft Start
    Microsoft Support and Recovery Assistant for Office 365
    Microsoft Teams
    Microsoft Translator
    Microsoft Wallpaper
    Microsoft XiaoIce
    MileIQ
    Minecraft games
    Minecraft Realms Plus and Minecraft Realms
    Mixer
    MSN Dial Up
    MSN Explorer
    MSN Food & Drink
    MSN Health & Fitness
    MSN Money
    MSN News
    MSN Premium
    MSN Sports
    MSN Travel
    MSN Weather
    MSN.com
    Next Lock Screen
    Office 365 Pro Plus optional connected experiences
    Office for the web (formerly Office Online)
    Office in Microsoft 365 Consumer
    Office in Microsoft 365 Family
    Office in Microsoft 365 Personal
    Office Store
    Office Sway
    Office.com
    OneDrive.com
    OneDrive
    OneNote.com
    Outlook.com
    Paint 3D
    Presentation Translator
    Rinna
    rise4fun
    Seeing AI
    Send
    Skype in the Classroom
    Skype Manager
    Skype.com
    Skype
    Smart Search
    Snip Insights
    Spreadsheet Keyboard
    Store
    Sway.com
    to-do.microsoft.com
    Translator for Microsoft Edge
    Translator Live
    UrWeather
    ux.microsoft.com
    Video Breakdown
    Visio Online
    Web Translator
    whiteboard.office.com
    Windows games, apps and websites published by Microsoft
    Windows Live Mail
    Windows Live Writer
    Windows Movie Maker
    Windows Photo Gallery
    Windows Store
    Xbox Game Pass
    Xbox Game Studios games, apps and websites
    Xbox Live Gold
    Xbox Live
    Xbox Music
    Xbox Store

[Go to top of page] Top of page
Affiliate Contracting Entities (For Paid Services Under Section 10(b))

There are no affiliate contracting entities at this time. Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited is your contracting entity.
[Go to top of page] Top of page

Websites & Communications Terms of Use
June 23, 2016

Terms of Use
1. Introduction
Please read the terms of this entire document  (“Terms”) carefully because it explains your rights and responsibilities when you visit any of Mozilla’s websites (“Websites”), or related feeds, social media, newsletters, source code repositories, and emails (together with Websites, these are collectively referred to as “Communications”). By accessing or signing up to receive Communications, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

Our Websites include multiple domains such as mozilla.org, mozillians.org, firefox.com, mozillafestival.org, openstandard.com, openbadges.org and webmaker.org. You may also recognize our Websites by nicknames such as Bugzilla@Mozilla, BMO, MozWiki, MoPad, MozReps, MDN, Marketplace, One and Done, SUMO, and AMO. Some of our Websites connect you with links, apps or add-ons that are provided by other parties and are subject to separate Terms.

2. Account Registration
Some Websites require you to register for an account in order to access additional features of a Website or another Mozilla service. If applicable, additional terms will be presented to you. You are responsible for all activities under your account.

Some Websites allow you to create a username during registration. Your use of a username must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy.

3. Content Licensing
Our Communications include content such as articles, images, photographs, comments, software code, audio and video clips, and other materials (collectively, “Content”).  Content is authored by Mozilla, contributors to Mozilla projects, and other sources.

Content authored by Mozilla is generally made available for public sharing and reuse through open licenses such as Creative Commons (for expressive material) or the Mozilla Public License (for software code).  In most cases we ask Mozilla contributors to release Content under open licenses.

Some Content in our Communications is acquired from sources that prohibit further use of their Content without advance permission.  Where possible, the Content or Website footer will display a notice with the applicable license. You agree to abide by such notices.  Note the following specifics:

Some Content expressly indicates that the author does not intend for an open license to apply. You should contact the author or author’s agent for permission to use such Content.  Questions on Mozilla authored content can be sent to: licensing@mozilla.org.
Some Content contains trademarks, trade dress, logos and brand assets of Mozilla and other parties (“Trademarks”).  Except for a few limited circumstances, Trademarks cannot be used without advance written permission of the owner of the Trademark.  Learn more on Mozilla trademarks.
Software used by our Websites is licensed under the MPL or similarly permissive open source licenses. For more information on the specific license, please see the applicable source code or GitHub repository.
4. Content Submissions
You may contribute Content when interacting with our Communications, including but not limited to commenting on an article, blogging, contributing code, or contributing graphics or written material (each a “Submission”). Unless your Submission is made under a separate agreement with Mozilla, in which case that agreement will govern, then

For Submissions to Mozilla's open source projects:

You agree to license your Submission under the terms of the corresponding license of the particular open source project to which you are contributing. For more information on the specific license, please see the applicable source code or GitHub repository.
For all other Submissions, you agree to the following in connection with each:

You represent and warrant that your Submission will comply with these Terms, the Mozilla Conditions of Use, and any additional terms that may govern your Submission.
You hereby grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable (to those we work with) license to use your Submission in connection with the Communications and online and offline promotion of Mozilla’s mission, products and services.
You acknowledge that your Submissions may be accessible by other registered users of the applicable service or the public.
If your Submission contains expressive material or software code, you agree to license it in a manner that is compatible with the particular Website you are making a Submission to.
You represent and warrant that you have the rights necessary to grant the rights granted herein, and further, that the uses contemplated under these Terms will not infringe the proprietary or intellectual property rights of any third party.
You understand and agree that Mozilla reserves the right, at its discretion, to review, modify, or remove any Submission that it deems is objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
5. Privacy Policy & Cookies
The Mozilla Websites, Communications & Cookies Privacy Notice describes how we handle information that we receive from you in connection with our Communications. The Privacy Notice explains, for example, that we place certain cookies on our Websites and how you can opt-out.

6. Communications and Events
If you subscribe to receive our newsletters or register for an account in connection with any of our Websites, you may receive transactional emails from us in connection with your account (for example, legal, privacy, and security updates).

Some of our Websites have online tools that allow you to send emails to others. For example, you can invite your contacts to events on Mozillians.  You agree not to misuse others’ email addresses (for example, by spamming them).

Other Websites, like MozReps, provide tools that enable users to arrange physical events for anyone to attend. Please exercise caution and good judgment when attending events.

7. Notice of Claimed Infringement
For more information on how to report claims of copyright or trademark infringement, please see: https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/report-infringement/.

8. Term; Termination
These Terms will continue to apply until ended by either you or Mozilla. You can choose to end them at any time for any reason by discontinuing your use of our Communications and, if applicable, deleting your account.

We may suspend or terminate your access to our Communications at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms, our Acceptable Use Policy, or other relevant policy; (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; or (iii) our provision of the Communications to you is no longer commercially viable.

In all such cases, these Terms shall terminate, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: Indemnification, Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability, Miscellaneous.

9. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Mozilla, its contractors, contributors, licensors, and partners; and the respective directors, officers, employees and agents of the foregoing ("Indemnified Parties") from and against any and all third party claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of or related to your use of our Communications (including, but not limited to, from your Submissions or from your violation of any these Terms).

10. Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability
THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH ALL FAULTS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MOZILLA AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES THAT THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGING. YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO USING THE COMMUNICATIONS FOR YOUR PURPOSES AND AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE RISK THAT YOUR HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, OR CONTENT IS DELETED OR CORRUPTED, THAT SOMEONE ELSE GAINS UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION, OR THAT ANOTHER USER MISUSES OR MISAPPROPRIATES YOUR SUBMISSION. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY LAW, MOZILLA AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE COMMUNICATIONS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT AND INDIRECT DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH SUCH CLAIM IS BASED. THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF MOZILLA AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $500 (FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS). SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

11. Modifications to these Terms
We may update these Terms from time to time to address a new feature of the Communications or to clarify a provision. The updated Terms will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through our usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts, banners, emails, or forums. Your continued use of our Communications after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of this page.

12. Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Mozilla concerning our Communications and supersede any prior versions of these Terms. The Communications and these Terms are governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions. All claims and disputes arising out of the Communications or these Terms shall be brought exclusively in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. If any portion of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms and the English language version, the English language version shall control. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and relevant additional terms, the additional terms shall control.

13. Contact Us
Mozilla 
Attn: Mozilla – Legal Notices
331 E. Evelyn Ave.,
Mountain View, CA 94041
USA
Telephone: 650-903-0800
Fax: 650-903-0875
Legal-notices at mozilla.com
MyHeritage - Terms and Conditions
	
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on April 18, 2020.
If you have not reviewed it since that date, please do so now.
Welcome to MyHeritage

MyHeritage is an online service that allows members to create family sites and profiles in order to build and print their family trees, share family photos, keep in touch with family members, perform DNA testing, receive genetic genealogy and genetic health analysis, participate in scientific research and research their family history with advanced research tools (the "Service"). The Service is owned and operated by MyHeritage Ltd. (hereafter "MyHeritage", 'we', 'our' or 'us'). 'You' or 'your' means an adult user, over the age of 13, of the Service (in some countries the minimum age is 14, see Section "Underage Users" below). Any use of the Service and/or the MyHeritage Website (the "Website") is subject to compliance with the Terms and Conditions listed herein. Please read them carefully, because by using the Website you agree to be bound by them and to enter into an agreement with us based on such Terms and Conditions (this "Agreement"), whether or not you register as a member in MyHeritage ("Member"). The MyHeritage website (the "Website") is part of a group of websites that we own and operate (the "MyHeritage Website Group") which also includes MyHeritage.* websites on other top-level domains and Geni.com.

This Agreement applies to any use of the Service, including but not limited to: a) submitting samples for DNA extraction and processing, b) uploading a digital version of your genetic information exported from other DNA services, c) receiving and interacting with genetic genealogy analysis provided by the Website (the "DNA Genealogy Services"); d) receiving, viewing and interacting with genetic health analysis (the “DNA Health Services”); and e) downloading your raw DNA data (collectively, the "DNA Services"). Unless explicitly indicated otherwise, the Service includes the DNA Services for all purposes of this Agreement. If you do not agree with any provision in this Agreement, do not use the Service and the Website. We reserve the right to modify any provision hereof from time to time, in our sole discretion, and such modification shall be effective immediately upon its posting on the Website. You agree to be bound to any changes to this Agreement if you continue to use the Service after any such modification is posted.

The Service

MyHeritage Family Sites

MyHeritage allows you, as a Member, to create and post content into MyHeritage family sites, and enables you to control and limit access to such content by other users on the MyHeritage Website Group. In view of the nature of the Service, please select carefully the information you wish to post on MyHeritage family sites and refrain from posting any illegal or unsuitable content. We will not edit or monitor user-provided content, but we reserve the right to remove any user provided content which comes to our attention and which, in our sole discretion, breaches this Agreement.

By way of illustration, and without limitation, you shall refrain from posting, transmitting, sending or otherwise making available, through or in connection with the Service, the following:

    Photographs and other content which include nudity, sexuality, pornography, indecency, vulgarity, violence and/or any offensive subject matter.
    Any content which may violate the privacy or breach the confidentiality of other people, including members in your family tree. Our Service allows you to define specific privacy settings regarding individual names, dates, email addresses and other personally identifying information. Please make use of these abilities and respect the privacy of others.
    Any photos or email addresses of living individuals (other than your own), if done without their consent.
    Any information relating to minors or underage children, which identifies them, their personal details or their address and other means of communication with them, without the direct consent of their parent or guardian.
    Any content which does not belong to you or which you do not have a right to use.
    Any content that impairs and/or infringes the property or other rights of others, including copyrights and trademarks. We are extremely sensitive to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of others. Be aware that content, including photographs, even if submitted to a site of which you are a Member, belongs to its creator or submitter and you should not reproduce it without permission of the owner.
    Any content which is obscene, indecent, defamatory, derogatory, fraudulent, degrading, abusive, hateful, false, misleading, inaccurate, untrue, malicious, offensive, harassing, threatening, or incites racial, religious or ethnic hatred.
    Any content that causes anyone alarm, annoyance, anxiety, embarrassment, offence or distress.
    Any content that could prejudice any active legal proceedings of which you are aware; is unlawful or promotes or teaches unlawful activity.
    Any computer virus or other malicious or harmful code.
    Any content that violates our Privacy Policy.


You must not:

    Impersonate anyone else or otherwise misrepresent your identity or status.
    Hold yourself out as an employee or representative of MyHeritage Ltd. or any of its affiliates.
    Stalk or harass or make persistent or regular contact with other users without their consent or encouragement or after any consent or encouragement has, expressly or impliedly, been withdrawn.
    Send commercial emails, spam emails, unsolicited bulk mail or any other email which may harass its recipient(s).
    Use our Website or Service in a way that might damage our name or reputation.
    Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Website or Service.
    Exploit for any commercial purposes any portion of, use of or access to the Website.
    Perform any activity that requires any form of payment from Members and/or users of the family sites or any other area of MyHeritage.
    Advertise or offer to sell products or services, except where this is expressly permitted by us and by law (in which case you must comply with any terms relating to such activities that we specify).
    Include links on our Website or Service to third party websites outside the MyHeritage Website Group.


Except with our express prior written consent, you must not copy or store electronically all or part of our Website or its contents, or make available, distribute, sell or offer to sell all or any part of the Website or its contents, or systematically download content and data from or through the Website to make or populate another database for any purpose. Scraping, crawling and/or harvesting of any data and any pages from the Website without our explicit prior written consent is strictly prohibited. Except with our express prior written consent, reselling any MyHeritage products (including, without limitation MyHeritage DNA kits) is strictly prohibited. Buying a MyHeritage DNA kit and then selling it to someone else is strictly prohibited.

Any activity in the framework of the Website, that is brought to our attention and is in violation of applicable law, as determined in our sole discretion, will be brought to the attention of the proper authorities.

A MyHeritage family site is a place where members share their content with other members. This may create conflicts between members. The following guidelines apply to all MyHeritage members, including you:

    Members must obtain permission from living family members before uploading information about them to a family site, and if they still do so without their permission, it is the responsibility of the family site's owner – the Member who created the family site.
    If we receive a complaint about information published on a family site about a person or close relative of a person, against this person's wish, we reserve the right to delete that information from the family site even if the owner of the family site wants to keep the information there. In case of a dispute with the Member who owns the site, we are allowed to ban this Member and remove him/her from the Service at our discretion. If the Member is a subscriber, the Member's subscription payment will be refunded to this Member by us.
    The right of a relative to request not to be listed in a family site is stronger than the right of the owner of the site to list that relative in a family site.
    If you encounter personal information in a family site or elsewhere on the Website that was entered by another member that you want removed, email a request to privacy@myheritage.com and give us up to one week to process this request. We will attempt to first resolve the dispute amicably by contacting the owner of the family site who has entered the information or is responsible for it, and give them time to respond. We will cooperate with you to make sure that the information you want to remove is eventually removed from the Website. If necessary, we will also help you with removing such information from the index of search engines like Google, but note that removal of information from Google and other search engines is outside our control and is not under our responsibility.
    Copying information or photos from other family sites without the permission of their owners is prohibited and members who do this are at risk of being banned from the Service at the discretion of MyHeritage. Copying information or photos from external websites and services and publishing it into family sites requires the prior permission of the owners of the content.
    Inviting other members to your family site, or accepting their membership requests, will give these members access to the family site and they might copy parts of it. If that happens, it is the responsibility of the owner of the family site, or of the Member who made the invitation or has accepted the membership request, and not of MyHeritage. If an invitation was made in error or a membership request was accepted in error, the owner of the family site can remove that member from the family site to revoke his or her access to it.
    Family sites are open by default to visitors but details of living family members in the tree, except for their last name, are censored. For maximum privacy, site owners can turn their sites private, turn the photo albums private and turn off Smart Matching™ on their family trees.


Smart Matching™ is a service that makes discoveries by finding matches of your family tree with other family trees, but this benefit comes with a privacy drawback; that owners of other family sites can see parts of your family tree that were matched with theirs (except living people in your tree who are not found in their tree, who will remain censored). If this is a concern to you, you must turn off Smart Matching™ by clicking on the "My privacy" link in the account drop down menu at the top right corner of the Website, clicking on the "Content" tab below the name of your tree, unchecking the "Enable Smart Matching™" options and clicking the "Save" button. If you leave Smart Matching™ enabled for your family tree, you are taking responsibility that other members may see parts of your family tree.

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any content posted by you and/or any family site, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website and/or Service at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any family site at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise, if we deem that the family site is in breach of this Agreement in any way.

Once you upload, post or publish content to the Website, including family trees and photos, it may become accessible to all persons accessing the Website or any websites in the MyHeritage Website Group, depending on permission settings in your control. Based on your permission settings, other Website users may be able to view, copy, download, store, edit, change or delete certain content that you post. You agree that other users may access your family site and may add to, subtract from or otherwise amend your family site. Information that you post will be displayed and is available for others to search, view or hear.

You may delete content that you previously posted on the Website; however, if others have downloaded or otherwise stored copies of the content, it may still be publicly viewable.

Other users may contact you through our Website regarding the content you upload. We may send you an email notification when you have a new message on our Website. You can change your email settings in the "My Account" area of the Website if you prefer not to receive such notification.

DNA Services

This Section applies to the DNA Services, including, among others, the ordering of a MyHeritage DNA kit, submission of DNA samples to us, the acceptable use of such samples, the DNA markers, nucleotides, variations or haplogroups ("DNA Results") resulting therefrom or submitted by you to the Website, the outputs of the genetic genealogy analysis of the DNA Results which include the DNA Matches and Ethnicity Estimates (together, the "DNA Genealogy Reports") and the outputs of the genetic health analysis of the DNA Results which include the Genetic Risk Reports and the Carrier Status Reports (collectively, the “DNA Health Reports”, and together with the DNA Genealogy Reports, the “DNA Reports”) and your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of the DNA Services. Please note that in order to use the DNA Services, you will need to register as a Member on the Website, however you are not required to become a subscriber to use the DNA Services. Your use of the DNA Services is subject to this Agreement and the MyHeritage Privacy Policy.

The DNA Genealogy Services are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Israel, Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria ("Restricted Locations for DNA Genealogy"). The DNA Health Services are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Israel, France, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, the states of Rhode Island, New Jersey and New York, as well as Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria ("Restricted Locations for DNA Health"). By authorizing the DNA Services, submitting a DNA sample for testing or uploading or transferring DNA Results to the Website, you represent that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and are not a resident of the Restricted Locations for DNA Genealogy and/or the Restricted Locations for DNA Health, respectively, that are listed above, and you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Agreement and to the collection and use of your DNA sample and DNA Results and the calculation and provisioning by us of the applicable DNA Reports. In addition, you represent that any DNA sample you provide and any information that you transfer or upload that associates an individual with his/her DNA Results are either your DNA or, solely with respect to the use of the DNA Genealogy Services, the DNA of a person for whom you are a legal guardian or have obtained legal authorization to provide their DNA to us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, using the DNA Services for law enforcement purposes, forensic examinations, criminal investigations, "cold case" investigations, identification of unknown deceased people, location of relatives of deceased people using cadaver DNA, and/or all similar purposes, is strictly prohibited, unless a court order is obtained. It is our policy to resist law enforcement inquiries to protect the privacy of our customers. All provisions herein apply both to DNA Results produced using the MyHeritage DNA testing services and DNA shared through direct upload to the Website, data transfer from another DNA testing service, or any other means by which you provide your DNA information to us.

By submitting DNA samples to MyHeritage, you give permission to MyHeritage to directly or indirectly extract the DNA from the samples, perform genetic analysis on the DNA using methods available now and developed in the future, to disclose the results of the tests performed by way of providing the respective DNA Reports to you and, solely with respect to the DNA Genealogy Reports, also to others that you authorize, and to store the samples for additional genetic testing (i.e., we may be able to provide more detailed and accurate DNA Results, DNA Reports and other outputs by additional genetic testing in the future, subject to your explicit approval) and to allow you to download the DNA Results, in each and every case subject to and in accordance with this Agreement and with the Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that in the event that you download your DNA Results: 1) such download will create a copy that is not protected by MyHeritage’s security and privacy settings; 2) such download and the storage of your DNA Results after you have downloaded it, shall all be made at your own risk; and 3) MyHeritage will not have any control over the downloaded DNA Results and shall not be liable to you or to any third party in connection with such download and/or storage.

We do not claim any ownership rights in the DNA samples, the DNA Results and/or the genetic genealogy and genetic health information in the DNA Reports. Any genetic genealogy and genetic health information derived from the DNA samples, the DNA Results and/or appears in the DNA Reports continues to belong to the person from whom the DNA was collected, subject only to the rights granted to MyHeritage in this Agreement. In addition, you understand that by providing DNA samples and/or DNA Results to us, you acquire no rights in any research or commercial products that may be developed by us that may relate to your DNA.

We will, if requested by you, destroy the DNA sample provided by you. To request destruction of your DNA sample, please contact us using the contact details indicated in the "Contact Us" Section below. In addition, you can, at any time, delete your DNA Results and DNA Reports from the Website by using the delete function from the "Manage DNA kits" page on the Website, or request MyHeritage Customer Support to do this for you.

By submitting DNA samples to us and/or DNA Results to the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, world-wide license to use your DNA samples, the DNA Results and the resulting DNA Reports, and, solely for purposes of the DNA Genealogy Services, any DNA samples and/or DNA Results you submit for any person from whom you obtained legal authorization as described in this Section and the resulting DNA Reports, to the minimum extent necessary to allow us to provide the Service to you. The license you grant to us is not perpetual, and it is revocable as you are able at any time to delete your DNA Results and DNA Reports permanently from the Website and to have us destroy your DNA samples. You hereby release us from any and all claims, liens, demands, actions or suits in connection with the DNA testing, DNA samples, DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, including, without limitation, errors, omissions, claims for defamation, invasion of privacy, right of publicity, emotional distress or economic loss. This section continues even if you stop using the Website or the DNA Services.

You confirm that the submission of a DNA sample by you is not subject to any export ban or restriction in the country in which you reside. You also agree that you have the authority, under the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which you reside, to provide the representations in this Agreement and you explicitly waive any laws or regulations relating to DNA samples, DNA Results and/or DNA Reports and their storage from the state or jurisdiction in which you reside. You agree that the DNA samples will be stored in the United States as provided in this Agreement.

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, block, refuse to post, or remove any DNA Reports and/or DNA Results submitted by you or provided by us following processing of your DNA sample, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate this Agreement or your access to all or any part of the DNA Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability, except that we will refund you in case you have purchased a MyHeritage DNA kit from us and we have exercised this right.

Eligibility

Use of and membership in the DNA Services is void where prohibited. You may use the DNA Services only if you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and are legally capable of forming a binding contract with us. Do not use the DNA Services if your use violates any applicable local, state or national law or regulation in your jurisdiction of residence. By authorizing the DNA Services, you represent and warrant that (a) the DNA sample and/or the DNA Results submitted by you belong to you or, solely with respect to the DNA Genealogy Services, someone for whom you have legal authorization to share the sample and/or DNA Results; (b) you are eighteen (18) years of age or older; and (c) your use of the DNA Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation. If any minor uses the DNA Genealogy Services, the parent or guardian of that minor will be held responsible for the minor's actions. If, solely for purposes of the DNA Genealogy Services, you submit a DNA sample of a minor you must be the minor's parent or legal guardian and provide written confirmation of such in a format acceptable to us if requested prior to DNA Results and DNA Genealogy Reports for the relevant minor being provided. If you have reason to believe you have an active infectious disease, condition or disorder please do not return your sample to us until such time as that disease condition or disorder is no longer infectious or has been cured. Your DNA sample may not be processed, your DNA Results and DNA Reports may be deleted and your membership may be terminated without notice, if we believe this Agreement or any portion of it have been violated or contradicted.

Term

This section applies to the DNA Services currently in use or previously used. You may remove DNA Results associated with your account at any time, for any reason, from the profile into which you or we uploaded them. We may remove your DNA Results and/or DNA Reports and/or terminate your membership at any time, without notice. Even after membership is terminated, the proprietary rights set forth in this Agreement will remain in effect.

Non-commercial Use by Members

The DNA Services are for the personal, private and informational use of members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial or research endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved in writing by us. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the DNA Services, including collecting DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, is prohibited. We reserve the right to protect and enforce all rights associated with the DNA Services offered.

Proprietary Rights in Content

a. We do not claim any ownership rights in the DNA samples, the underlying DNA Results or any DNA Results that you submit via the DNA Services, and the genetic genealogy and genetic health information in the DNA Reports. After submitting DNA Results to the Website or after sending us a DNA sample, you continue to retain all ownership rights in the DNA sample and the applicable DNA Results and genetic genealogy and genetic health information in the DNA Reports and you continue to have the right to use your DNA Results and DNA Reports in any way you choose. By sending us a DNA sample, and/or submitting any DNA Results to the Website, you hereby grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to MyHeritage the right to receive, use, modify, display, and create derivative works of the DNA samples, the applicable DNA Results and the DNA Reports solely on and through the DNA Services for commercial and non-commercial purposes and MyHeritage's (and its successors' and affiliates') business.

b. The DNA Services contain DNA Results and DNA Reports of users, members, and other licensors. Except for content posted by you, or as expressly permitted by the privacy settings of a user, you may not copy, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any content appearing on or through the Website and/or the DNA Services.

DNA Samples and DNA Results; DNA Reports

You are solely responsible for the DNA sample(s) you send to MyHeritage and for DNA Results you submit through any of the DNA Services and any material or information that you transmit to us, our members and for any interactions with other users. MyHeritage does not control or endorse any actions resulting from your participation in the DNA Services and, therefore, MyHeritage specifically disclaims any liability with regard to any actions resulting from your participation in the DNA Services. We make no warranties, express or implied, as to the DNA Results and DNA Reports or to the accuracy, reliability, comprehensiveness, completeness, quality, currency, error-free nature, compatibility, security or fitness for purpose of the Website or the DNA Services or the DNA Reports.

By using the DNA Services, you acknowledge that you may learn information you do not anticipate from the DNA Results and from the DNA Reports, which may evoke strong emotions and has the potential to alter your life and worldview. You may discover things about yourself that trouble you and that you may not have the ability to control or change (e.g., your father is not genetically your father, or your ethnicity is not what you thought it is, or surprising facts related to your ancestry), or that you have a higher than average risk of developing an incurable condition like Alzheimer’s disease). Once you obtain this information, the knowledge is irrevocable. You should not assume that any information we may be able to provide to you, whether now or as genetic research advances, will be welcome or positive. These outcomes could have social, legal, or economic implications.

You further acknowledge that your use of the DNA Services and receipt of the resulting DNA Reports may have serious implications not only for you, but also for your immediate or other family members, since they share some of your DNA. If you are in any way concerned about any such potential implications, DO NOT USE the DNA Services.

Genetic information you share with others could be used against your interests and therefore you should be careful about sharing it with others. Even if you share genetic information (such as the DNA Results and/or DNA Health Reports) that have no meaning or limited meaning today, that information could have greater meaning in the future as new discoveries are made. In the future, businesses or insurance companies may request such information from you. The Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) was signed into law in the United States in 2008, and some, but not all, states and countries have laws that protect individuals regarding their genetic information. You may want to consult a lawyer to understand the extent of legal protection of your genetic information before you share it with anybody.

If you export your MyHeritage DNA Health data and upload it to a third-party service, for health analysis, some genetic information not reported to you on MyHeritage that MyHeritage has not validated may be exposed, and MyHeritage does not take responsibility for such information as the DNA data for some variants may be miscalled. Exporting DNA data from MyHeritage and subsequently uploading it to a third-party service is solely at your own risk.

More about the DNA Health Services

You may use the DNA Health Services only if you are eighteen (18) years of age or older.

Health Questionnaire

Before providing you with the DNA Health Reports, we will collect certain self-reported family health history information from you about you and your family members using a questionnaire (the Health Questionnaire Information and the Health Questionnaire, respectively). The Health Questionnaire Information will allow us to determine your eligibility to some or all of the DNA Health Reports (generation and/or release of which in rare cases may be denied) and, if you are eligible to some or all of the DNA Health Reports, such Health Questionnaire Information may also allow us to properly facilitate the provision and communication of the DNA Health Reports to you. For these purposes, you must complete the Health Questionnaire in full.

Before providing information about others, you must obtain any necessary consent from anyone about whom you want to provide Health Questionnaire Information. Your Health Questionnaire Information will be kept and used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy. New questions and topics may be added to the Health Questionnaire if new information is required in order to update your DNA Health Reports or generate new reports. In such a case, we may send you an email in this regard. You may delete or edit your Health Questionnaire Information by contacting our Customer Support. For more information please see the Privacy Policy.

Genetics is Only Part of the Picture

The DNA Health Reports provide genetic risk information based on assessment of specific genetic variants but do not report on your entire genetic profile. The DNA Health Reports do not detect all genetic variants related to a given disease, and the absence of a variant tested does not rule out the presence of other genetic variants that may be related to the disease.

In addition, for most diseases, the genes we know about are only responsible for a portion of the overall risk. Other factors such as environment and lifestyle may affect the risk of developing a given disease and, depending on the condition, may be more important predictors. If your data indicate that you are not at elevated genetic risk for a disease or condition, you should not feel safe. The opposite is also true; if your data indicate you are at an elevated genetic risk for a disease or condition, it does not mean you will definitively develop such disease or condition. Any findings within the DNA Health Reports should be confirmed and supplemented by additional medical and clinical testing and information.

Do Not Rely Solely on the DNA Health Reports

The DNA Health Services are not intended to independently diagnose, prevent or treat a disease or any condition, tell you anything about your current state of health in the absence of medical and clinical information, or be used to make medical decisions, including whether or not you should take a medication or how much of a medication you should take. In addition, you might need to obtain further services from your physician, a genetic counselor, or other healthcare provider, in order to obtain more accurate results regarding the conditions or diseases indicated within your DNA Health Reports.

The DNA Health Services do not offer medical advice or care and are not intended to constitute the practice of medicine by MyHeritage or otherwise create a patient-healthcare provider relationship between MyHeritage and you. The DNA Health Services are purely for research, informational and educational purposes only. The use of any information provided as part of the DNA Health Services (including potentially actionable information we may identify for you, based on your DNA Health Reports and scientific literature or research) is solely at your own risk. You should not rely on the DNA Health Reports as a substitute for visits to a doctor or other healthcare professional, professional medical advice, diagnosis, advice or treatment by a personal physician or other qualified healthcare provider who can consider your health in the broader context of medical management. If you have any concerns or questions arising from your DNA Health Reports or questions you may have regarding diagnosis, cure, treatment, mitigation, or prevention of any disease or other medical condition, or impairment or the status of your health and/or otherwise about your health, you should consult your doctor or other healthcare professional.

Genetic Research is not Comprehensive and Constantly Progresses

You should note that many of the genetic discoveries that may come up in the DNA Health Reports have not been clinically validated, and the technology we use (same as used by the research community), to date has not been widely used for clinical testing. Also, because of technical variations in our testing device, some DNA Health Reports or some variations in a specific DNA Health Report may not be available to you. The presented risk per variant might be calculated based on ethnic groups that do not match or are not relevant for your own ethnicity and therefore do not accurately reflect the risk for you. In the future, the scientific community may show previous research to be incomplete or inaccurate and future scientific research may change the interpretation of your DNA Results. As scientific knowledge advances, our DNA Health Reports may change and reflect different results in the future. For example, we might change the set of variations that we consider as part of your genetic predisposition for a specific condition. In addition, we might assign different values or classes to those variations, so variants that are harmful now will be classified as benign in the future and change your DNA Health Report. As another example, we may change the estimated risk level for a certain disease. We may also add conditions or diseases after you receive your DNA Health Reports, beyond those conditions and diseases that were listed on the pre-purchase pages when you ordered the DNA Health Reports. Other companies offering a genetic risk test may be detecting different genetic variants for the same disease, so you may get different results using a test from a different company. We might also use different mathematical tools and statistical frameworks to assess the presence of a variation and/or your risk level. We reserve the right to update your DNA Health Reports based on new information, data, or scientific findings. We also reserve the right to notify you, once your DNA Health Report changes.

Some people may feel anxious about getting genetic health results. This is normal. If you feel very anxious, you should speak to your doctor or other healthcare professional prior to providing your DNA sample for the DNA Health Services. We encourage you to talk to a genetic counselor, a health professional with special training in genetic conditions and/or board-certified clinical medical geneticist prior to providing your DNA sample for the DNA Health Services to learn more so you can make an informed decision about whether DNA testing is right for you.

You should note that DNA Results and/or DNA Health Reports that you choose to share with your physician or other healthcare provider may become part of your medical record and through that route be accessible to other healthcare providers and/or insurance companies in the future. If you are asked by an insurance company whether you have learned about health conditions through genetic information and you do not disclose this to them, this may be considered as fraud.

While our laboratory is licensed in Texas as a clinical laboratory, not all jurisdictions require our DNA Health Services to be subject to license. Therefore, we are not universally licensed by all state, federal, or international authorities for genetic testing conducted for health and disease-related purposes. In addition, there are certain jurisdictions in which we do not offer our DNA Health Services because we do not have required licenses.

For processing orders from customers residing in the United States, we require a physician order to process and release DNA Health Reports to the customers. We work with an independent network of fully licensed, board certified physicians and genetic counselors , PWNHealth, LLC (www.pwnhealth.com) ("PWNHealth"), to provide physician oversight of the MyHeritage DNA Health test. For the purpose of PWNHealth's review by a physician and genetic counselor, your personal information, including the Health Questionnaire Information, the DNA Results and the DNA Health Reports will be confidentially shared with PWNHealth. The fee for the PWNHealth service is collected by MyHeritage on behalf of PWNHealth and included in the total price of the DNA Health Services.

The MyHeritage DNA Health test has not been cleared or approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA does not require this test to go through premarket FDA review.

You agree to indemnify and hold MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and any third party acting on our behalf, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made due to or arising out of your use of or access to the DNA Services and any implications of such use.

Use of Data

Members or those who otherwise use the Website and/or the DNA Genealogy Services may use another member's DNA Genealogy Reports only to the extent allowed by such member's privacy settings and solely limited to the DNA Genealogy Reports designated as available to other members. If you collect and/or publicize any DNA Results and/or DNA Reports in a different website or application or otherwise use it outside the DNA Services, please note that the DNA Results and/or DNA Reports will be used in accordance with the terms and policies of these other websites and/or applications and this use is solely at your own risk.

Privacy and Security

For details regarding our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Policy

Limitation on Liability

Without derogating from the "Limitation on Liability" Sub-Section below (under the Section "Disclaimers, Limitation on Liability and Indemnity"), you should note that the DNA Services are controlled from our facilities in the United States. We make no representations that the DNA Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the DNA Services from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.

Other Areas of the Website

As a Member, you are allowed to post content to other areas of the Website, such as the support forum. You may also post comments on content submitted by other users. We reserve the right to remove any content or posting which we believe, in our sole discretion, is in breach of this Agreement in any way, with or without prior notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise.

MyHeritage Backup Service

MyHeritage provides an optional service for data backup available for an additional subscription fee. This backup service is subject to this Agreement, and additional terms and conditions specific for the backup service.

Limited Use License

You are hereby granted a license to use the Service and its content solely for personal use, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (the "License"). The Service is not intended nor licensed for any commercial use. We reserve the right to cancel any or all of the Service at any time. Downloading any or all portions of any functionality of the Service, or any part of the public areas of the Service, is prohibited. Online or other republication of content in the public areas is prohibited. Violation of this License may result in the immediate termination of your membership and may result in legal action for injunction, damages and/or any other equitable relief. You may use the Service and any software provided by the Service only while online and may not download, copy, reuse or distribute that software, except where it is clearly stated in connection with such software that it is made available for offline use and a license for that use is provided in connection with that software.

Copyrights

Except with respect to the DNA Services, as detailed above, by posting content on the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual and non-exclusive license to host, copy, post and distribute such content.

The integration of MyHeritage matching with our partners such as RootsMagic, Family Historian, Aldfaer and Coret Genealogie does not include posting of content. The information passed to us for matching from our partners' software and websites is never used by us for any purpose other than matching, and is never displayed publicly, sold or licensed by us to any third parties. We do not receive a license to such information and such information is not collected by us, and it is deleted automatically after matches are calculated. Users of our partners may receive Smart Matches (family tree matches) with our users, but such matches are not bi-directional: our users will not receive Smart Matches with the users of our partners, and will not be able to see their data.

All content posted on the Website, except for user-submitted content, DNA Results, DNA samples and the genetic information in the DNA Reports, is owned by us or by third parties who granted us a limited license in respect of such content. Content posted on family sites is owned by the person who created the content, is under the control of the family site manager into which it is submitted, and is hosted by us under the terms and conditions of the Agreement.

MyHeritage is protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and Israeli copyright laws, international conventions, and other applicable copyright laws.

You may not modify the application code powering our software and applications in any way. You will not undertake, cause, permit or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling or hacking any and all applications offered by us, any downloadable components, or any part thereof.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA")

It is our policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA"). The DMCA provides remedies for copyright owners who believe that material appearing over the Internet infringes their rights under United States copyright law. To learn more about the DMCA, please visit the U.S. Copyright Office website at https://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf.

If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof, and you believe in good faith that any content hosted on the Website infringes your copyrights, then you may submit a notification pursuant to the DMCA to our Designated Copyright Agent, either by mail to: Copyright Agent for Notice, Attention: Legal Department, MyHeritage, PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel, or by email to: copyright@myheritage.com.

Notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. Please include the following information in your notice:
• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed by the material(s).
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at the Website are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit MyHeritage to locate the material (providing URLs is the best way to help us locate content quickly). • Information reasonably sufficient to permit MyHeritage to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
• A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

If you are unsure whether you hold rights to a particular work or if the material you are reporting is in fact infringing, please consult an attorney or another adviser, as MyHeritage cannot provide legal advice. Note that there can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.

Marketing of our Services

By signing up to the Service, you agree that we may use your contact information to offer you MyHeritage products or services which may complement the product or service you originally requested from us. Such promotional offers may be made via email, telephone or direct mail.

If you do not want to receive marketing offers via emails, you may opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe link listed in the email or by setting your Email Preferences. See the section on Email Preferences in our Privacy Policy.

If you do not want to receive marketing offers via telephone or direct mail, please contact us at privacy@myheritage.com or request this whenever you are speaking with any representative of MyHeritage."

Fees and Payments

Subscriptions

MyHeritage offers payment-based subscription plans in addition to the basic free site plan, which include: Premium family site plan, PremiumPlus family site plan, Data plan and Complete plan.

All subscriptions are automatically renewing to ensure an uninterrupted service. This means that once you become a subscribing member, your subscription will be automatically renewed and your billing choice will be charged based on the subscription duration unless you opt out or cancel by following the instructions in this Agreement.

Due to US regulations, payment-based subscription plans and purchases are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria.

All physical goods and deliverable items purchased from us are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.

1. Opting Out of Renewal

You may opt out of renewing any of your subscriptions by logging in and utilizing the My Purchases page (choose the relevant plan, click "View details" and then click "Stop annual renewal") or by calling MyHeritage at +1-844-994-1888 (toll-free number in the USA; see Contact Us page for additional phone numbers in other countries). If you do not let us know that you want to discontinue your subscription at least one day prior to the end of the current subscription period, the payment for the next renewal period of the subscription will be made.

2. Free Trial

Free trial subscriptions will be billed only at the end of the free trial period.
You may cancel a free trial at any time during the free trial period from the My Purchases page and incur no charge. On that page, choose "Data subscriptions" or "Complete subscriptions", press "View details" and then choose "Stop free trial now" for the chosen subscription.

To start a free trial, your payment details will be required. By providing your payment details and accepting the Terms and Conditions, you agree that MyHeritage may automatically begin charging you for the paid subscription after the free trial ends on a recurring annual basis. Visa cardholders will be notified by email 7 days before a free trial ends.

3. Refund Policy

MyHeritage values the satisfaction of its customers and offers a thirty (30) day money back guarantee. If you are not satisfied with your purchased plan you may request a full refund by contacting Customer Support within thirty (30) days of the initial purchase date of the subscription.
The money back guarantee applies to MyHeritage subscriptions (Premium, PremiumPlus, Data or Complete), and not to shipped products such as MyHeritage DNA kits and family tree posters.
All refunds will be reimbursed to the original credit card with which the purchase was made. Please allow a reasonable time for the refund to be charged to your account.

4. Prices Subject to Change

Prices may be changed by MyHeritage from time to time. For the current prices, see price list. Prices may be subject to additional taxes and customs charges, depending on the country in which you reside.
Following each payment, MyHeritage will send you an email with the details of the purchase and the amount charged.

​5. Renewal of subscriptions with Price Lock

​Subscriptions that were purchased with a Price Lock guarantee ("Price-Locked Subscriptions") will renew at the same price at which they were originally purchased​. Changes to subscription prices will not affect the ​renewal ​price of ​Price-Locked ​Subscriptions. ​If you have a ​Price-​Locked ​Subscription, ​then as long as you keep it, ​you will always be charged the same locked price at renewal anniversaries​. ​If you discontinue a Price-Locked Subscription by stopping its renewal, and allow it to expire, you are not guaranteed to be able to purchase it again at the same price in the future.​

Payment for DNA Services

If you are not already registered with MyHeritage you will be required to register with MyHeritage when you proceed to order a DNA testing kit. Registration is free. You will need to retain your login details in order to access your DNA Results and DNA Reports on the Website.

1. Replacements

In the event that you experience any of the following, please contact us using the contact details shown in Section "Contact Us" below and we will mail you a new replacement DNA testing kit to the address we have on our records at the time of purchase, at no cost:

    The DNA testing kit has not reached your shipping destination within thirty (30) days of purchase.
    The DNA testing kit has not reached our lab within thirty (30) days from the day you sent it.
    You received a damaged DNA testing kit.

2. Cancellations and Refunds

If you choose to cancel the order of the DNA testing kit prior to the DNA sample being received at our lab, you are entitled to a refund. To cancel and claim your refund, you will need to contact us using the contact details shown in Section "Contact Us" below. The refund will include the DNA testing kit cost, but not the shipping cost, customs fees or import taxes. All refunds will be reimbursed to the original credit card with which the purchase was made. Please allow a reasonable time for the refund to be charged to your account.

We will not issue refunds for DNA testing kits that are already being processed in our lab or for which processing has already been completed. Once a DNA sample has been sent to our lab and checked in, the full cost of the DNA testing kit is non-refundable.

Note that scientific procedures may sometimes be delayed for a variety of reasons. Testing times may vary depending on lab volume and biological sample quality. Expected result dates are therefore predictions, and not a guarantee of delivery.

3. DNA Re-test Following Lab Processing Failure

The laboratory may not be able to process your sample, and the laboratory process may result in errors. If testing your DNA sample fails, we will mail you a new DNA testing kit at no additional cost so you can provide us with a new DNA sample. The DNA testing kit will be sent to the address we have on our records at the time of purchase. Even for processing that meets our high standards, a small, unknown fraction of the data generated during the laboratory process may be un-interpretable or incorrect (“Lab Errors”). As this possibility is known in advance, users are not entitled to refunds where these Lab Errors occur.

4. Prices Subject to Change

Prices may be changed by MyHeritage at any time.

Disclaimers, Limitation on Liability and Indemnity

Disclaimers

a. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall MyHeritage, its officers, agents, representatives, employees, licensors and affiliates be responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information in connection with the Service, whether caused by users of the Website, members, our advertisers or corporate partners, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the operation of the Website or the Services. MyHeritage shall not be responsible for any implications of the DNA Results and/or DNA Reports whether or not they are correct or incorrect.

b. MyHeritage and its licensors and affiliates are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any member or other user of the Website. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall we be responsible for any loss or damage, including lost data, lost information, personal injury or death, or privacy implication resulting from anyone's use of the Website or the Service, any information posted on the Website or transmitted to members or other users, or any interactions between or among members or other users of the Website, whether online or offline.

c. The information, products, and services included within the Service and the Website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein.

d. MyHeritage assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user or member communications; and is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of e-mail or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or at any website or combination thereof. MyHeritage and its affiliates are not responsible for any injury or damage to any computer equipment belonging to any user of the Website, any member, or any other person related to or resulting from use of the Website, viewing, playing or downloading any materials on or from the Website, or otherwise in connection with the Service.

e. The Service and the Website are provided "as-is" and "as available" and, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, MyHeritage expressly disclaims any warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement and satisfactory quality, or that the Website will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not guarantee any specific results from use of the Service. The Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, policies, or practices of any third-party websites. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or services. We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any specific course of action, resources, tests, physician or other healthcare providers, drugs, biologics, medical devices or other procedures or opinions, or any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the Service or any hyperlinked website, or featured in any banner or other advertising, or other information that may be mentioned on the Website. We will not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. We and our third party suppliers make no representations concerning the suitability, reliability or accuracy of the content provided by the Website for any purpose. In no case will we or our third party providers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special or other damages including, without limitation, lost profits, loss of data or any other damage in contract, tort, equity or any other legal theory, even if advised of the possibility thereof.

f. MyHeritage may in its sole discretion, but is not obligated to, preview, review, screen, remove, or edit the DNA Results and DNA Reports.

Limitation on Liability

In no event shall MyHeritage (or its third party suppliers) be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including damages arising from your use of or inability to use the Service or any portion thereof, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, our (or our third party suppliers') liability to you or any third party for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to us for the Service during the term of membership. We assume no liability resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content; (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Service; (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all information stored therein; (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; (v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through the Service; and/or (vi) any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of the Service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory. The foregoing limitations of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.

Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, this limitation may not apply in part to you. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS SERVICE, OR WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS SERVICE.

Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and any third party acting on our behalf, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or access to the Service, your violation of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or if any information that you post on the Website or otherwise submit to us or through the Service causes us to be liable to any third party.

Statute of Limitations with respect to the DNA Services

You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary (to the extent allowed by applicable law), any claim or cause of action, arising out of or related to use of the DNA Services or this Section, must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

Additional Member Terms

1. Registration and Security

A. As part of the registration process, you will submit your email address, full name and select a password. You must provide us with true, accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do so will constitute a breach of this Agreement. You understand that you may not (i) select or use a name or email address of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use the name or email address of any person other than yourself without authorization; (iii) enter an untrue birth year or birth date for yourself; or (iv) use a name or email address that we, in our sole discretion, deem improper or offensive.

B. You must be 13 years or older to use the Service, unless the laws of the country in which you are a resident or from which you are using the Service provide otherwise (For more information, see Section titled "Underage Users" below). Registering and logging in to the Website shall be deemed as confirmation that you are over the age of 13. If you are over the age of 13 but under the age of 18, you will be requested to submit written consent from a parent or legal guardian to use the Service (for more information, see Section titled "Minors" below).

C. You are responsible for all usage or activity on the Website via your password and for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. We will not require you to reveal your password to any of our representatives. Distribution of your password for access to the Website by others is expressly prohibited and shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. You shall notify us by regular mail or by email at privacy@myheritage.com of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your membership, or any known or suspected breach of security. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your membership, at our sole discretion, and you may be reported to the appropriate law enforcement agencies.

2. Modifications to this Agreement and the Service

We retain the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Agreement or the Service at any time. Changes in Service will be posted on the Website. If any portion of this Agreement or any change of this Agreement of the Service is unacceptable to you or will cause you to no longer be in compliance with this Agreement, you should discontinue use of the Service. Continued use of the Service now or following changes in this Agreement means that you have accepted and are bound by the changes. It is therefore important that you check the current version available from time to time and ensure you are updated as to any changes.

Whenever this Agreement is modified in substance, the label updated will be displayed prominently next to the link "Service Terms" that leads to this Agreement, in the footer of the pages of the Service. The updated label will be removed after 30 days or when you visit the updated Terms and Conditions to read them, whichever comes sooner.

3. Underage Users

Except with respect to DNA Services (see in the "Eligibility" Sub-Section under the Section "DNA Services" above) we require individuals to be at least 13 years old before they can create an account on MyHeritage. In some jurisdictions, the age limit may be higher. Providing false information to create an account is always a violation of this Agreement. This includes accounts registered on the behalf of under 13 year old children by older parties.

If your underage child (child under the age of 13) has created an account on MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete their account by having them log into their account, select "Account settings" from the Account menu in the top-right corner, then click "Delete my account". If you would like to report an account registered for an underage child to us, please email the details to us at privacy@myheritage.com. We will promptly delete the account of any child under the age of 13 that is reported to us.

In most jurisdictions, the Service (except for the DNA Services) requires individuals to be at least 13 years old before they can create an account. We strive to create a global service with consistent standards for everyone, but we also strive to respect local laws. In observance of laws in Spain, Israel and South Korea, we require individuals living there to be at least 14 years old before they can create an account and use the Service (but not the DNA Services). If your underage child (child under the age of 14) living in Spain, Israel or South Korea has created an account on MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete their account by having them log into their account, select "Account settings" from the Account menu in the top-right corner, then click "Delete my account". If you would like to report an account registered for an underage child living in Spain, Israel or South Korea to us, please email the details to us at privacy@myheritage.com. We will promptly delete the account of any child under the age of 14 in Spain, Israel or South Korea that is reported to us.

4. Minors

Except with respect to DNA Services (see in the "Eligibility" Sub-Section under the Section "DNA Services" above), minors (people under the age of 18) can use the Service provided that they are not underage (see section on Underage Users above), and provided that they obtain the consent of their parent or guardian for their use of the Service ("Consent"). Minors must not use the Service without Consent until they reach the age of 18 or above.

In some countries, the Service may display a special mandatory parent/guardian consent form when a user determined to be a minor signs up or logs into the Service. In the consent form, a parent or guardian is required to enter their full name and email address and to check boxes that declare that they are a parent or guardian of the minor, accept this Agreement and the privacy policy of the Service, and take responsibility for the use of the Service by the minor. If the consent form is displayed, the Service cannot be used until it is filled out. If the user is not a Minor, the form allows for the user to declare this and enter a correct year of birth. When the consent form is filled out and submitted, the Service will document the details of the Consent but will not make any further use of the details of the parent or guardian filled in the consent form.

Disputes and Governing Law

This Agreement and any dispute regarding the Service shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to conflict of law provisions, and you agree that any legal proceeding about the execution, performance and/or enforcement of this Agreement shall be brought exclusively to the courts located in Tel Aviv, Israel. You agree that the Service shall be deemed passive and will not give rise to personal jurisdiction over MyHeritage, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Israel. In the unlikely event that we have not been able to resolve a dispute we have with you after attempting to do so informally, all claims must be brought in each party's individual capacity and not as a representative plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, each of you and us waives the right to participate in a class action claim.

Entire Agreement

This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy, the DNA Informed Consent (the "Informed Consent") and any other legal notices or terms published by MyHeritage on the Website (as applicable), shall constitute the entire agreement between you and MyHeritage concerning the Website and the Service. Our Failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement and/or the Informed Consent shall not be deemed as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. This Agreement and/or the Informed Consent operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of this Agreement and/or the Informed Consent is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and/or the Informed Consent and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void. If we provide you with a translation of the English language version of this Agreement, the English language version of this Agreement will prevail if there is any conflict.

Contact Us

You can contact us if you have any concerns or questions about this Agreement, the Website, the Service or any related topic, by writing to the address below or visit our Help Center.

Customer Support
MyHeritage Ltd.
PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel
https://www.myheritage.com

Diabetes App 

https://legal.mysugr.com/documents/general_terms_of_service_eu/current.html


mySugr GmbH
General terms and conditions (T&Cs)
Version dated 25th September 2018

    1. SCOPE
        1.1 Our products
        1.2 Scope of our T&Cs
        1.3 Third-party suppliers
    2. DATA PROTECTION
    3. CONCLUDING THE CONTRACT AND REGISTRATION
        3.1 Purchase of and payment for our products
        3.2 Registration and activation
    4. RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL AND REVOCATION
        4.1 Information on exercising revocation right
        4.2 Exemptions from the right of withdrawal
    5. USE OF OUR PRODUCTS
        5.1 Usage term and termination
        5.2 Lock out and exclusion
        5.3 License and the granting of rights
        5.4 Availability of our products
    6. YOUR BEHAVIOR
        6.1 General information
        6.2 Abuse
    7. OUR RESPONSIBILITY
        7.1 Guarantee and liability
        7.2 Disclaimer and indemnification
    8. SPECIAL PROVISIONS
        8.1 mySugr Bolus Calculator
    9. FINAL PROVISIONS
        9.1 Choice of law
        9.2 Place of jurisdiction
        9.3 Miscellaneous

The applicable version of these T&Cs can be viewed on our website www.mysugr.com
1. SCOPE
1.1 Our products

1.1.1 We,

mySugr GmbH
1010 Vienna, Trattnerhof 1
+43 720 884555, support@mysugr.com
FN 376086 v (Vienna Commercial Court)
DVR 4015732, VAT ATU67061939

(“mySugr”), develop and operate an interactive platform and mobile applications (apps) for persons with diabetes. mySugr is a digital health company and wants to offer persons with diabetes comprehensive care in order to minimize the barriers and problems of daily therapy. Our products and services are solutions that aim to simplify your daily diabetes management.

1.1.2 Our Products provide information and content that has been assembled with the greatest of care and to the very best of our knowledge from internal and external sources. We nevertheless wish to emphasize that our Products and services are only to be used to provide you with information and to build awareness but they cannot replace consultation with and diagnosis by a healthcare professional. Under no circumstances does mySugr issue medical therapy recommendations or medical advice of any kind. For questions on the illness and therapy, we recommend contacting a healthcare professional. The data provided must only be analyzed by you and your healthcare professional. No content – no matter whether provided by mySugr itself, our cooperation partners, or users – can be understood as supplementing or replacing information from a healthcare professional or pharmacist.

1.1.3 mySugr offers a range of Products (apps) and services as well as combinations of these (bundles) for managing your diabetes. For the sake of simplicity, all current and future apps, services, and bundles (including new versions, updates, and other improvements) that mySugr provides in any way, are subsequently referred to jointly as “Products” or individually as a “Product”. Each person who acquires and uses one or more of our Products is referred to jointly as “Users” or individually as “User”. If these T&Cs refer to natural persons using the male form, they apply equally to all people.

1.1.4 In connection with these T&Cs, the following term definitions apply to individual Products:
Apps

mySugr Logbook is an independent mobile application (app) for your smartphone or tablet that documents your daily life with diabetes. Our basic version of the mySugr Logbook has restricted functions.

mySugr Pro is the name of the unrestricted full version of the mySugr Logbook. mySugr Pro is subject to a charge and offers numerous additional functions to control your diabetes in an even better way.

mySugr Bolus Calculator uses your settings to calculate your insulin or carbohydrate in a few steps. Our Bolus Calculator is an additional service that is available in combination with mySugr Pro.

Services

mySugr Coach offers comprehensive information independent of time and location from certified diabetes educators and dieticians. In some countries you can use mySugr Coach as an extension of mySugr Pro.
Bundles

mySugr Bundle is your complete service and includes mySugr Pro as well as the supplements such as the Bolus Calculator and mySugr Coach, a blood glucose meter from our cooperation partners and the needs-oriented supply of test strips (the automatic delivery of test strips requires actual measurements, i.e. only measuring and logging initiates an order and the corresponding supply of test strips). The availability and composition of the mySugr Bundle is constantly being expanded.

1.1.5 Our user manuals (accessible via our apps or via our website) and the relevant special provisions (see section 8) emphasize any peculiarities for the individual Products.

1.2 Scope of our T&Cs

1.2.1 We exclusively offer all of our Products on the basis of the current version of these General Terms and Conditions (T&Cs), this applies globally with the exception of the USA and Canada. mySugr explicitly opposes contradictory business or other usage terms.

1.2.2 Please note that before using our Products for the first time you must consent to all of the declarations and agreements referred to and accept them during any further usage. The registration and use of our Products is prohibited without your consent to our T&Cs.

1.2.3 We explicitly reserve the right to make future changes and factually justified modifications to our T&Cs. Changes may be necessary to meet statutory requirements, correspond to technical and economic requirements, or meet the interests of our Users. Such changes are possible at any time and will be published in an appropriate manner before they take effect, giving each User the opportunity to oppose them in writing within a month of their publication. If they are not opposed, the ongoing use of our Products is subject to the relevant new T&Cs.

1.3 Third-party suppliers

1.3.1 It goes without saying that you will find our Products in the app stores. In general, the business terms of the relevant third-party supplier (over which we have no influence) apply there; these are not part of our T&Cs nor our contractual relationship with you as the User of our Products. This also applies to the business terms and conditions of your mobile device or service supplier.

1.3.2 We work with various partners to ensure the optimal use of our Products. These include cooperation partners that supply us or our Users directly with certain Products (e.g. blood glucose meters, test strips) as well as insurance companies who may pay the cost of our Products for you. In these cases, we explicitly emphasize the applicable business terms of a third-party supplier or you must accept such business terms anyway before you can acquire one of our Products via a third-party supplier.

2. DATA PROTECTION

We are aware of the major responsibility that comes with your use of our Products. Not only do you provide us with general personal data but also with data on your health. In our Privacy Notice we inform you about the use and protection of your data in connection with using our Products and on your consent required for this.

WITHOUT YOUR PRIVACY CONSENT FOR THE NECESSARY DATA PROCESSING, USE OF THE PRODUCTS IS NOT POSSIBLE IN LEGAL OR ACTUAL TERMS.

Our Privacy Notice is not part of these T&Cs but rather is only used to provide you with information under the GDPR on the basis of which you issue your consent for the necessary data processing.

3. CONCLUDING THE CONTRACT AND REGISTRATION
3.1 Purchase of and payment for our products

3.1.1 Our products can be purchased by various means:
Apps, services

App stores (such as Apple App Store/iTunes or GooglePlay) offer our products. Please note that to purchase (not: use) our products, the separate business terms of the app store apply and these may require a user account.

Our website has a login area and offers direct access to our products, in particular for the mySugr Bundle.

Voucher codes for our products are in constant circulation and can be redeemed on our website.

Bundles

Therapy devices are sometimes sold jointly with our products. So you can, for example, pair your blood glucose meter and other therapy devices with our app.

Insurance companies (public and private) work with mySugr to support persons with diabetes with our products. Costs of our products are paid by the insurance company either directly or reimbursed under your insurance tariff. You can find out from us whether your insurance company already cooperates with us.

3.1.2 You can purchase our chargeable Products on our website, via app stores or within our apps. They are paid for via the app store’s user account using the stipulated payment options. The relevant app store acts either as an agent and payment service provider for mySugr or as a direct seller. If you experience problems with downloading or payment, please contact support@mysugr.com any time.

3.1.3 Usage fees or purchase prices (including statutory value-added tax) must be paid – depending on the offer and selection – once or repeatedly (e.g. on a monthly, 6-monthly, or annual basis). The current fees are displayed in our app or the app stores and are due for payment in advance. If payment is not processed directly via the app store, we can send you invoices and payment reminders by email. In the event of culpable, late, or incomplete payment, we are entitled to block your access to our Products. Your usage fee payment obligation remains unaffected by this.

3.1.4 We explicitly reserve the right to restrict free Products at any time, stop them completely, or charge a fee for them. No legal right for the future can be derived from the free use of individual Products or parts thereof for a particular period.

3.1.5 mySugr can also make special and free offers that are subject to additional conditions or restrictions. In this regard we explicitly refer to any variances from these T&Cs while otherwise the full content of these T&Cs remain applicable. Special or free offers cannot be transferred to other Users.

3.2 Registration and activation

3.2.1 The use of our Products requires your registration with mySugr in our apps. As soon as you have activated our Product for the first time, you must register using an email address and password (mySugr ID). Each User may only create one mySugr ID and each mySugr ID can only be used by one User.

3.2.2 By registering, the User agrees to his binding offer to conclude a contract with mySugr for the use of our Products on the basis of the applicable version of these T&Cs. We explicitly accept such offer, at the latest by activating your mySugr ID or sending the ordered goods.

3.2.3 The activation is confirmed to you directly after registration by a separate email. We reserve the right to reject individual Users or their offer to conclude a contract without stating a reason. In such a case any payments already made will be reimbursed and User data provided deleted immediately.

3.2.4 Upon registration, the User confirms that he is at least sixteen years old and that applicable law permits him to conclude contracts. Only people with legal capacity are permitted to register. Minors are only permitted with the explicit agreement of a parent/guardian. A scanned copy of this written consent must be sent to support@mysugr.com. With the registration, the parent/guardian declares they are entitled to submit legally binding declarations in the name of the minor.

3.2.5 On registration, the User confirms their acknowledgement and unrestricted acceptance of the contents of these T&Cs and that their information is true, correct, up-to-date, and complete; they are also obliged to regularly update their personal information. We reserve the right to contact Users at any time to verify registration data and usage information.

3.2.6 If the User provides false, incorrect, out-of-date, or incomplete information or we have just cause for believing that information is false, incorrect, out-of-date, or incomplete, mySugr is entitled to block the relevant mySugr ID with immediate effect without prior notice and prohibit the use of our Products without being obliged to repay the User for the costs incurred.

3.2.7 The User must protect their registration data from unauthorised access by third parties, abuse, or use with fraudulent intent. If there is even a suspicion that the mySugr ID has been exposed to such a risk, this must be notified without delay to support@mysugr.com. We have the right to block the mySugr ID of any User if it is used for wrongful or fraudulent intentions.

4. RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL AND REVOCATION
4.1 Information on exercising revocation right

4.1.1 If you do not use our Products either for commercial or for professional purposes, as a consumer you are entitled to revoke the contract concluded with mySugr under the following conditions:

REVOCATION RIGHT
Revocation right

You have the right to revoke this contract within fourteen days without stating a reason.

The revocation period is fourteen days from the date the contract was concluded (digital content activation) or from the date on which the consumer or a third-party named by them other than the carrier, took possession of the goods (physical delivery).

To exercise your revocation right, you must inform us of your decision to revoke the contract using a clear declaration to mySugr GmbH, Trattnerhof 1, 1010 Vienna, Telephone +43 720 884555, email support@mysugr.com (e.g. by email or post). You can use the enclosed sample revocation form but this is not required.

To maintain the revocation period, it is sufficient for you to send the notification of exercising the revocation right before the end of the revocation period.

Consequences of revocation

If you revoke this contract, we must repay all payments that we have received from you, including any delivery costs (with the exception of additional costs that are incurred by your selection of a delivery method different from the lowest cost standard delivery that we offer), without delay and at the latest within fourteen days of the date when the notification of your revocation of this contract was received by us. We use the same payment method for this repayment as you used for the original transaction unless we have explicitly agreed something different; under no circumstances are charges incurred due to this repayment.

Please note that if your health insurance has reimbursed you for the costs of revoked goods or services under the tariff, then your insurance company may have a corresponding claim for compensation.

We can refuse the repayment until we have received the goods or until you have provided evidence for having returned the goods, depending on which is earlier in time. You must return or hand over the goods without delay and in all cases within fourteen days from the date on which you informed us of the revocation of this agreement to mySugr GmbH, Trattnerhof 1, 1010 Vienna, telephone +43 720 884555, email support@mysugr.com. The deadline is met if you send the goods before the end of the fourteen day period. We will bear the costs of returning the goods.

You must only pay for any loss of value to the goods if this loss of value is due to handling the goods in a manner that is not necessary in order to check the nature, characteristics, and functionality of the goods.

If you have requested that the services should start within the revocation period, you must pay us the appropriate amount that applies for the services provided up until the date when you inform us of the execution of the revocation right for this contract, compared to the scope of the total services envisaged under this contract.
REVOCATION FORM

If you wish to revoke the contract, please complete this form and return it to

mySugr GmbH
1010 Vienna, Trattnerhof 1/5 OG
support@mysugr.com

I hereby revoke the contract concluded by me for the purchase of the following goods /provision of the following service:

Ordered on / received on:

mySugr ID, name, and address of the consumer:

Date and signature (only for notification on paper)

4.2 Exemptions from the right of withdrawal

4.2.1 You have no withdrawal right for contracts for the delivery of digital content not stored on physical media if we – with your explicit consent, connected with your knowledge of the loss of the withdrawal right (revocation right) in advance starting with the contract fulfillment and after provision of a copy or confirmation under Section 7 Para. 3 FAGG – started delivery before the end of the otherwise existing withdrawal period.

Under Section 7 Para. 3 FAGG the User is provided with confirmation of the contract concluded on a durable medium (e.g. email) within an appropriate period after concluding the contract, at the latest however before starting the service provision, with the information stated in Section 4 Para. 1 FAGG if this information has not already been provided on a durable medium. The contractual confirmation must always contain a confirmation of the agreement to immediately provide the service and acknowledgement by the User of the consequential loss of the withdrawal right (revocation right).

4.2.2 Furthermore, you have no withdrawal right for contracts for goods that were delivered sealed and are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygiene reasons if the seal has been removed after delivery. It is not technically or economically possible to check later whether the ordered goods were used after receipt, have come into contact with bodily fluids, have been (partially) combined with contaminated elements of the goods, or have been stored properly – therefore the reuse or resale of such goods is strictly prohibited for us and/or the relevant manufacturer. Therefore the withdrawal right is excluded due to the controlled hygiene and storage requirements.

5. USE OF OUR PRODUCTS
5.1 Usage term and termination

5.1.1 Your right to use our Products starts with registration and activation by mySugr.

5.1.2 You can use our free Products without any time restriction. The usage life for Products that you purchase with the participation of your health insurance company (mainly the mySugr Bundle) depends on the relevant insurance and contractual conditions.

5.1.3 Our chargeable Products can be purchased in the form of monthly or annual subscriptions, depending on the current offer they are also available for a shorter or longer usage period (hereinafter “subscription period”). The relevant subscription period is displayed in our apps or the app stores.

5.1.4 Both the User and mySugr are entitled to terminate the contract ordinarily at any time by giving notice of one month with effect at the end of the month. You can either do this by selecting “Cancel Subscription” in your app store user account or the login area of our website or by written notification to us at support@mysugr.com. Please note that fees already paid for an unused subscription period are only reimbursed in the event of ordinary termination by mySugr or automatic ending (section 5.1.6 below).

5.1.5 If there is no termination or termination is late, the subscription period is extended automatically by another period corresponding to the previously selected subscription period. The relevant standard price at the time of the extension (not the prices of any special or free offers or offers from your insurance company) applies. You can deactivate the automatic renewal in your user account settings of the relevant app store.

5.1.6 In the event of the User's death or the revocation of the privacy consent, the usage relationship ends automatically with immediate effect. mySugr is not permitted to process your health data without your consent.

5.1.7 If you have questions on your usage term or its ending, please contact support@mysugr.com at any time.

5.2 Lock out and exclusion

5.2.1 We reserve the right to temporarily lock out Users at any time for any important reason (at our discretion) or to permanently exclude them from using our Products. In the event of such a contract ending without a notice period, the reimbursement of usage fees is excluded.

5.2.2 An important reason occurs, in particular, for serious infringements by a User against the provisions of these T&Cs, e.g. infringements of section 3.1 (Payment) after setting a two-week grace period, section 3.2 (Registration data), section 5.3 (License) or section 6 (“Your behavior”).

5.3 License and the granting of rights

5.3.1 With your registration and activation, you acquire the non-exclusive, non-transferable but geographically unrestricted right to save and use a copy of our app for your own purposes within the framework of these T&Cs. For chargeable Products, this license is restricted to the duration of your contractual subscription period.

5.3.2 The software, code, methods, and systems as well as the content of our Products are protected by copyright and competition law and may exclusively be used by mySugr. Our Products or parts thereof may not be copied, modified, reproduced, republished, posted, transferred, sold, offered for sale, resold, or used in any other way without our prior, written consent. Users are not permitted to use brands, logos, other commercial property rights or trademark rights of mySugr. Unless otherwise provided by these T&Cs, all of the usage and exploitation rights are owned exclusively by mySugr or an affiliated company and there is no licensing of any kind for our Products.

5.3.3 If this is required for the technical provision of our Products, each User grants mySugr a non-exclusive, revocable but free, transferable exploitation and usage right,unrestricted in terms of time and location, to the content that they generate, transfer, store, or publish within our Products. Usage or exploitation is however excluded if this disproportionally adversely affects the legitimate interests of the User (e.g. privacy rights). In the event of usage outside our Products, if appropriate, we will indicate that the content comes from the User. mySugr does not claim any ownership of created content and will not assume any supervisory function with regard to content created by Users.

5.4 Availability of our Products

5.4.1 We provide our Products in each case in accordance with the existing technical, economic, operational, and organizational possibilities. mySugr cannot exclude any interruptions, disturbances, delays, deletions, incorrect transmissions, or storage failures in connection with using our Products or communication with Users. We partly offer our Products in cooperation with third-party suppliers and are therefore also dependent on the technical provision of third-party services. Therefore mySugr accepts no responsibility, guarantee, liability, or obligation to provide our Products online at all times without interruptions.

5.4.2 This also applies to restrictions in using our Products due to force majeure, strikes, lockouts, and official instructions or due to technical modifications or maintenance work on the mySugr systems. In the event of disruptions or failures of our Products, please contact support@mysugr.com any time.

6. YOUR BEHAVIOR
6.1 General information

6.1.1 Each User is entitled and obliged to use our Products at their own risk and expense whilst deploying suitable technical equipment.The devices and operating systems that are compatible with the Products can be found in the app stores or requested at any time from support@mysugr.com.

6.1.2 You are also obliged to use our Products exclusively in compliance with these T&Cs and the statutory provisions as well as avoiding all wrongful use. Please inform us immediately if you discover any breaches of the duties stated in this section at support@mysugr.com.

6.2 Abuse

6.2.1 Each User is obliged to state their registration data truthfully, to keep it up-to-date and complete as well as not to pass it on to any third party. Personal data must be treated confidentially, managed carefully and backed up under one’s own responsibility. mySugr accepts no liability or other guarantees for lost or damaged data or content if this is not our fault.

6.2.2 Content such as photos, images, texts, videos, or other depictions may only be stored, published, transferred, or distributed in connection with our Products if the User has the right to transfer or use them. In all cases the use of racist, offensive, discriminatory, defamatory, sexual, pornographic, violent, or other illegal content of all kinds is always prohibited.

6.2.3 Furthermore it is prohibited to decrypt, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble our Products. Each User is obliged not to undertake any disruptive interferences by technical or electronic means in our Products or networks of mySugr (in particular hacking attempts, brute force attacks, introducing viruses, worms, trojan horses, other malicious software) nor any type of attempted disturbance that might affect the software or hardware of the Products and systems of mySugr.

7. OUR RESPONSIBILITY
7.1 Guarantee and liability

7.1.1 Unless otherwise provided by these T&Cs, mySugr is liable and provides guarantees as laid down by the statutory provisions.

7.1.2 With regard to Users who are not consumers, liability for financial losses, consequential damages, lost profit, and damages resulting from third-party claims is excluded. If our liability is limited or excluded in these T&Cs, this applies equally to vicarious agents and affiliated companies of mySugr.

7.1.3 Outside the application scope of product liability legislation, the liability of mySugr is limited to deliberate acts and gross negligence – with the exception of personal injury. The liability for slight negligence is excluded when faced with consequential objective justifications.

7.1.4 mySugr provides no guarantee for our Products being completely available without interruption and without errors or that the required software and hardware operates without errors. We can also not exclude the possibility that data could be tracked, recorded, or falsified by third parties during data transfer via third-party systems, in particular the Internet and other telecommunication networks.

7.1.5 mySugr accepts no guarantee for downloaded content or material that Users have received as a result of using our Products. The User is solely liable for all damage that could be created in their IT system or devices or for the loss of data as a result of downloading materials associated with our Products.

7.1.6 Furthermore mySugr is not liable for third-party content such as external links, banners, other information, or advertising offers from third parties that can be placed as part of our Products. If we enable access to the offers of third parties via notifications or links, mySugr is not responsible for the information contained therein. Resulting legal transactions with third parties lead exclusively to contractual relationships between the User and the relevant third party. We accept no guarantee or other liability for the services of third parties.

7.2 Disclaimer and indemnification

7.2.1 The use of our Products does not replace consultation with a healthcare professional or other medical advice and is undertaken exclusively at the User's own risk. This applies in particular to using ordered goods, such as blood glucose meters, and any use of the data provided as part of our Products by the User including blood glucose results, calculations, and any recommendations. The User explicitly acknowledges that such data may be defective and mySugr accepts no responsibility for it being correct.

7.2.2 To the extent required by applicable medical devices law governing the use of the Products, the Products may only be operated or used exclusively as per the purpose, specifications, and application areas as laid down in the offer and usage terms.

7.2.3 The User will indemnify mySugr against all third party claims arising against mySugr as a result of the wrongful infringement of its rights by the User with regard to use of our Products. All other claims for damages by mySugr against the User remain unaffected.

7.2.4 The User accepts full liability for all damage and disputes in and out of court arising from conflicts with other Users. The User explicitly acknowledges that mySugr is under no circumstances responsible for actions or omissions by other Users and any resulting damage.

7.2.5 In the event of claims being raised against mySugr by third parties, the User is obliged to immediately provide all of the information available to them truthfully and in full as is required to review, defend, and prevent claims by third parties. The User bears the costs of any necessary legal defense by mySugr, including all court and legal costs in the statutory amount.

8. SPECIAL PROVISIONS

The following provisions on individual Products supplement the other provisions of these T&Cs unless expressly provided otherwise:
8.1 mySugr Bolus Calculator

8.1.1 mySugr Bolus Calculator is aimed exclusively at insulin-dependent individuals or individuals receiving Functional Insulin Therapy (or similar programs) who are over 18 years old and undergo regular medical check-ups. Under no circumstances may minors use the Bolus Calculator nor may it be used by individuals who use mixed insulin or only long-term insulin for their therapy or are physically (e.g. have severely impaired eyesight) or psychologically unable to independently manage their own therapy.

8.1.2 The chargeable Bolus Calculator supports you in calculating the necessary insulin dose. The calculations made by the mySugr Bolus Calculator are based on the various parameters entered by the User. Correct data entry is essential for an approximate calculation. Under no circumstances does mySugr accept liability or other responsibility for the results and suggestions calculated by the Bolus Calculator.

8.1.3 The result calculated by the mySugr Bolus Calculator is a suggestion to the User on the use of the calculated insulin dose. However, you are solely responsible for checking whether the calculated value is plausible – based on your own experience, your healthcare professional's medical advice, and the instructions of the medication used – and then determining your insulin dose accordingly. mySugr explicitly warns you against following suggestions made by the mySugr Bolus Calculator without any separate plausibility checks.

8.1.4 In no way can the mySugr Bolus Calculator replace the medical expertise of a healthcare professional or regular medical check-ups, deliver insulin or other medication, perform blood glucose measurements, or calculate personal therapy parameters.

9. FINAL PROVISIONS
9.1 Choice of law

These T&Cs and the entire legal relationship between mySugr and the User is subject exclusively to Austrian law, with the exception of its reference provisions and the UN Sales Convention. However as a consumer the User enjoys the protection of mandatory provisions in the country in which they are located or habitually resident.

9.2 Place of jurisdiction

The place of fulfillment and sole court of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from these T&Cs is agreed as the head office of mySugr in Vienna. Mandatory conflicts of laws in favor of consumers remain unaffected.

9.3 Other

9.3.1 If notification or the written form is required by these T&Cs (including for legally important declarations), transmission by email to the address stated on registration (mySugr ID) is sufficient.

9.3.2 Users are not entitled to transfer their mySugr ID or rights and obligations from these T&Cs in connection with the use of our Products to third parties. mySugr can transfer their rights and obligations from these T&Cs to another company or third party if such a transfer has no significant effects on the rights of the User from these T&Cs.

9.3.3 If individual provisions of these T&Cs are or become ineffective, the other provisions of these T&Cs not affected by the invalidity remain valid and applicable.

9.3.4 These T&Cs are provided in various languages. The version in the language of the country in which the consumer is located or habitually resident is key and definitive (e.g. German version for Users in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland). If and to the extent to which there is no country-specific language version available, the English version is definitive.

Oculus Terms of Service

Last updated: 11 April 2022

These Terms of Service apply to you if you use an Oculus account to access Oculus Products. If you use your Facebook account to access Oculus Products, visit the Supplemental Oculus Terms of Service and Facebook Terms of Service, which govern your use of Oculus Products. You agree that the Oculus Store Terms will apply to your purchases and downloads from the Oculus Store as of the effective date of those terms.

BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR USING OUR OCULUS PRODUCTS WITH AN OCULUS ACCOUNT, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING INSTRUMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREIN. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THEIR ENTIRETY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR OCULUS PRODUCTS.

THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT AFFECT YOU AND YOUR USE OF THE OCULUS PRODUCTS, INCLUDING, UNLESS YOU CHOOSE TO OPT OUT, A PROVISION REGARDING BINDING ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES (OTHER THAN CERTAIN SPECIFIED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS AND SMALL CLAIMS) AND A WAIVER OF CERTAIN RIGHTS TO JURY TRIALS AND/OR CLASS ACTIONS. PLEASE READ THE "DISPUTE RESOLUTION" SECTION (SECTION 19) IN ITS ENTIRETY. IN ADDITION, CERTAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY BE APPLICABLE TO USERS THAT RESIDE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. PLEASE REVIEW SECTION 27 TO DETERMINE WHETHER THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO YOU.

YOU CERTIFY THAT YOU ARE OF THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH YOU RESIDE OR, IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF 13 (OR 14 IF YOU RESIDE IN SOUTH KOREA) AND THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, THAT YOU ARE USING THE OCULUS PRODUCTS WITH THE SUPERVISION OF YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. MAKE SURE TO REVIEW THESE TERMS OF SERVICE WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN SO THAT YOU BOTH UNDERSTAND ALL OF YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.

Facebook ("Facebook", "we", "us" or "our") offers virtual, mixed and augmented reality ("XR") hardware and software products and operates a platform under the Oculus brand where users can download, interact with, and submit content and obtain services related to, or in connection with, our XR products (as described further in Section 1, the "Oculus Products"). If you reside in the European Region (as defined at https://store.facebook.com/legal/quest/territories/), "Facebook" means the legal entity Meta Platforms Limited. If you reside anywhere else, "Facebook" means the legal entity Meta Platforms Inc.

These Terms of Service ("Terms") apply to your purchase, access to and use of any Oculus Products. These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Facebook for products, services or otherwise. If you are using the Oculus Products on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorised to accept these Terms on such entity's behalf and that such entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or that entity violate these Terms.

We reserve the right to change or modify these Terms on a going-forward basis at any time and at our sole discretion. If we make changes to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes as appropriate, such as by sending an email notification to the address you've provided and/or notice through the Oculus Products. If we make an administrative change, we may provide notice by updating the "Last updated" date at the top of these Terms.

Your continued use of the Oculus Products will confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop using the Oculus Products and delete (https://secure.oculus.com/my/privacy/) your account. We encourage you to review the Terms from time to time to ensure that you understand the terms and conditions that apply to your access to, and use of, the Oculus Products.

1. Oculus Products

Our mission is to enable people to have meaningful interactions regardless of physical distance. To help advance this mission, we provide the Oculus Products described below to you. In order to provide these Oculus Products, we must collect and use your personal data as described in our Privacy Policy, which is available at https://store.facebook.com/legal/quest/privacy-policy-for-oculus-account-users/.

    Provide innovative devices, content and systems. We offer a variety of physical goods, platform services, software, websites, applications, and content that allow you to access and immerse yourself in XR worlds and obtain services related to our products. We use the data we have to provide you with these products and to enhance the XR ecosystem.

    Provide a personalised experience for you. Your experience with the Oculus Products is unlike anyone else's. For example, any user of the Oculus Products may be eligible to see thousands of unique pieces of content. We use the data that we have – for example, information about the connections you make, the choices and controls you select, and the things you share and do – to personalise your experience.

    Connect you with people and experiences that you care about. We help you find and connect with people, groups, events and other experiences that matter to you across the Oculus Products you use. We use the data we have to make suggestions for you and others, for example, events to attend and people you may want to become friends with. Stronger ties make for better communities, and we believe that our Oculus Products are most useful when people are connected to people, groups and experiences that they care about.

    Empower you to express yourself and communicate about what matters to you. There are many ways to express yourself on the Oculus Products and to communicate with friends, family and others, for example, by sharing photos, creating or participating in events or multiplayer experiences or adding content to a virtual environment. We have also developed, and continue to explore, new ways for people to use technology such as augmented reality to share more expressive and engaging content on or through the Oculus Products.

    Help you discover content, products and services that may interest you. We may provide you with offers and other promotions to help you discover content, products and services that are offered by us and the many businesses and organisations that use our Oculus Products.

    Combat harmful conduct and protect and support our community. People can only have meaningful interactions if they feel safe. We employ dedicated teams and develop advanced technical systems to detect misuse of our service, harmful conduct towards others, breaches and violations of our terms and policies, and situations where we may be able to help support or protect the Oculus community. If we learn of content or conduct that misuses our Oculus Products or breaches or violates our Terms and policies, we will take appropriate action, for example, by removing content, blocking access to certain features, disabling an account or contacting law enforcement agencies. We share information with other Facebook Companies (https://www.facebook.com/help/111814505650678/) when we detect misuse or harmful conduct by someone using one of our Oculus Products.

    Use and develop advanced technologies to provide functional services for everyone. We use and develop advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning systems, to enable us to offer a better and more useful service to everyone who uses the Oculus Products. For example, we use information we have to develop models that will surface content that is relevant to you. We also develop automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive and dangerous activity that may harm our community and the integrity of our Oculus Products.

    Research new ways to make our services better. We engage in research and collaborate with others to improve our Oculus Products. One way we do this is by analysing the data that we have and understanding how people use our Oculus Products.

    Provide consistent and seamless experiences: Our products help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organisations and others that are important to you. We design our systems so that your experience is consistent and seamless across the different Facebook Company Products (https://www.facebook.com/help/195227921252400/) that you use. For example, some of our Oculus Products help you connect with your friends on Facebook.

    Enable global access to our Oculus Products: To operate our global Oculus Products, we need to store and distribute content and data in our data centres and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence. This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Facebook Technologies, LLC, Facebook Technologies Ireland Limited, Meta Platforms Inc., Meta Platforms Limited or their affiliates.

2. Eligibility; Registration and account

The Oculus Products are intended solely for users who are 13 (or 14 if you reside in South Korea) or older. Any registration for, or use of, the Oculus Products by anyone under the age of 13 (or 14 if you reside in South Korea) is unauthorised, unlicensed and in violation of these Terms. You represent and warrant that you (a) are not identified on the Office of Foreign Assets Control’s Specially Designated Nationals List ("SDN List"), (b) are not placed on the US Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List or Entity List or any other US export control list, (c) will not use IP proxying or other methods to disguise the place of your residence, (d) will not use the Oculus Products if any applicable laws in your country prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these Terms and (e) have not previously had your right to use the Oculus Products suspended or terminated.

To access and use certain features of the Oculus Products, you may be required to register for an account. By creating an account, you agree to: (i) provide accurate, current and complete account information; (ii) maintain the security of your password, not share your password with any other person and accept all risks of unauthorised access to your account; and (iii) promptly provide notice at https://www.facebook.com/whitehat/ if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Oculus Products.

3. Equipment; software and updates

Certain equipment and software may be required to access and use the Oculus Products. In addition, we may need to automatically update some of the software you obtain through the Oculus Products or provide you with new software to keep the Oculus Products functioning properly, which could include bug fixes, patches, enhanced features, missing plug-ins and new versions. By using the Oculus Products, you agree to such automatic updating.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion and where technically feasible, to disable your access to or ability to use Oculus Products that we believe present a health and safety risk or violate our Community Standards (also known as the Facebook Rules) and Conduct in VR Policy, agreements, laws, regulations or policies. We will not incur any liability or responsibility if we choose to remove, disable or delete such access or ability to use any or all portion(s) of the Oculus Products.

4. Your use of the Oculus Products and content

4.1 Content and Software License. Except as otherwise agreed upon, if we enable the use of software, content, virtual items or other materials owned or licensed by us ("Software and Content"), we hereby grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable licence to access, install and use the Software and Content solely for personal and non-commercial purposes, conditioned on your compliance with these Terms. You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decrypt, attempt to derive the source code of, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, rent, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Software and Content, except as expressly permitted by us or as permitted under applicable law. Any unauthorised use of the Oculus Products is strictly prohibited and will terminate the licence granted in these Terms. No licences or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise, except for the licences and rights expressly granted to you.

4.2 Oculus Runtime Software. Subject to these Terms, including the licence provided in Section 4.1, you may access, install and use the Oculus Runtime Software ("Runtime"). In order to maximise your enjoyment, safety and overall experience through our Oculus Products, the Runtime may only be used with hardware devices that we have approved and with software developed using the Oculus Rift Software Development Kit, as specified in the Oculus Rift Software Development Kit licence agreement. We also require that you only use the then-current version of the Runtime. You acknowledge that the Runtime incorporates proprietary information and that you will not disclose it to any other person or entity.

4.3 Third Party Content. Your use of services, applications or content provided by third parties ("Third-party Content") made available through the Oculus Products may be subject to additional end-user agreements. In the event that these agreements conflict with the provisions of these Terms, these Terms will govern. Facebook has no responsibility or liability with respect to your access to or use of the Third-party Content, or any content or functionality contained in such Third-party Content, your rights to which are solely provided pursuant to a licence between you and the provider of such Third-party Content. In no event shall Facebook be considered the licensor of the Third-party Content, to have granted any rights to use the Third-party Content, to have assumed any obligations with respect to the Third-party Content or to have made any representations or warranties with respect to the Third-party Content.

If you are not presented with an end-user licence agreement when you acquire Third-party Content, the following licence terms apply to your use of such Third-party Content: (a) the third party providing the Third-party Content (and not Facebook) is the licensor of such Third-party Content; (b) such party grants you a limited, non-transferable licence to access and use the Third-party Content only for your personal and non-commercial purposes; and (c) you may not modify, decompile or disassemble the Third-party Content in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or sublicense any rights in or to the Third-party Content, unless otherwise expressly authorised by the third party or as permitted under applicable law.

If a provider of Third-party Content violates any of our policies, we may remove or disable that Third-party Content. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we will not incur any liability or responsibility for such removal or disabling of Third Party Content.

4.4 Trial Access to Oculus Products. We may offer free trials or other limited versions of Oculus Products so that you can preview Oculus Products before you purchase the full version. These versions may have limited features, restrict permitted time of use and contain other limitations.

4.5 Availability of Oculus Products after purchase; Updates. Some Oculus Products may rely on services provided by third parties for some or all of their functionality. Such Oculus Products may not function properly or may become inoperable if these third parties discontinue their services.

4.6 Support. Facebook will be responsible for all billing questions related to the purchase of Oculus Products and for support with respect to the Oculus platform. Facebook has no obligation to provide support for Third-party Content. Please contact us through the support portal at https://support.oculus.com for assistance.

4.7 Availability. The Oculus Products and content may not be available in all territories and jurisdictions, and we may restrict or prohibit use of all or a portion of the Oculus Products and content in certain territories and jurisdictions.

4.8 Network Costs. You may be charged by your network provider for data services or any other third-party charges that may arise while using the Oculus Products, and you accept responsibility for such charges. If you are not the bill payer, we will assume that you have received permission from the bill payer.

5. Purchasing Oculus Products

5.1 Purchasing Oculus Products from Oculus. You may only purchase Oculus Products for your personal use or to give as a gift unless otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms. You may not purchase Oculus Products from Oculus for commercial use or resale, although you may use the Oculus Products to develop and test content, software or applications intended for distribution by Facebook and our affiliates.

When placing an order or making a purchase, you will be required to provide us with information, such as your address and billing information. You represent and warrant that all such information is accurate, and you will ensure that such information is kept current. We will have no responsibility or liability for inaccurate information or information that later becomes outdated, and we will have no obligation to make efforts to determine the correct contact or delivery information. For most Oculus Products, you can manage your information within your account settings. For product purchases pending dispatch, you can update your information at any time prior to dispatch at https://shop.oculus.com/history/. We will not take payment for product purchases until Order Acceptance (see below).

After you place an order, you may receive a communication from us acknowledging that we have received your order ("Order Acknowledgement"). Please note that receiving the Order Acknowledgement does not mean that your order has been accepted. We will confirm our acceptance of your order by sending you a communication that confirms that the order has been processed or that the goods have been dispatched, when applicable ("Order Acceptance"). The contract between us in relation to the applicable Oculus Products will be formed when we send you the Order Acceptance.

Any delivery dates or times provided by us (or a courier) are estimates only and are not guaranteed. The risk of loss in physical goods you purchase and the responsibility to insure the goods passes to you upon delivery of the goods to you.

Nothing in these Terms shall affect your statutory rights to reject physical goods that, when received by you, are damaged or defective.

5.2 Pre-Orders. In advance of a new Oculus Product launch it may be possible to place pre-orders.

The price of the Oculus Product that you pre-order will be as quoted to you at the time that you submit your pre-order, and may include tax and delivery when applicable. Placing a pre-order does not guarantee delivery of an Oculus Product.

When the pre-ordered Oculus Product is ready for dispatch or delivery, we will contact you to provide you with your purchase confirmation (including delivery costs and any taxes where applicable). This shall constitute the Order Acceptance.

5.3 Our Right to Reject Your Order. At any time prior to Order Acceptance, we reserve the right to decline or reject your order. If this occurs, we will attempt to notify you. Some reasons for rejection can include: (a) our inability to supply you with the Oculus Product, for example, because that item is no longer available or because of an error in the price at the point of sale; (b) your non-residence in a country or region from which the Oculus Product may be purchased; or (c) your ordering more than the permitted maximum number of Oculus Products. If you have already paid, we will refund you the full amount including any delivery costs charged.

5.4 Your Right to Cancel or Return Physical Goods. You may cancel your order or pre-order of physical goods at any time prior to postage and Order Acceptance. After dispatching the goods to you, you have the right, within 30 days from the date of your receipt of the goods, to cancel our contract with you and return the goods. This right does not apply to any goods that have been used, or are stated by us to be non-returnable, including any items or goods that have been personalised or modified in accordance with your instructions. The goods must be fully returned in the original packaging with the applicable proof of purchase and you will be responsible for the cost of returning the goods to us. If, on return to us, it is determined that the goods have been used, damaged, are missing components, or are not in resalable condition we may charge a 15% restocking fee, or otherwise reduce the amount of your refund to take account of this damage, use, or missing components.

To cancel your order or return your goods, you must inform us of your decision by following the instructions at https://support.oculus.com

5.5 Content Transactions. You may have the ability to purchase digital content through the Oculus Products. You also may have the ability to purchase additional or enhanced functionality or media content within certain Oculus Products (collectively, "In-app Purchases"). Except as described in these Terms, we have no responsibility for any transactions that you enter into with a third party for Third-party Content or In-app Purchases and assume no liability for Third-party Content or Third-party In-app Purchases that occur within Third-party Content.

5.6 Errors. We attempt to be as accurate as possible and to eliminate errors in relation to our Oculus Products; however, we do not represent or warrant that any Oculus Product descriptions or pricing information are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. In the event of an error, we reserve the right to correct such error and revise your order accordingly (which includes charging the correct price) or to cancel the order and refund any amount charged. If we discover a pricing or other material error related to an Oculus Product that has yet to be dispatched or delivered, we will contact you to inform you of this error and give you the option of continuing to purchase at the correct price or cancelling your order. If we are not able to contact you using the contact details that you provided during the order process, we will treat the order as cancelled.

5.7 Account. You may be required to be a registered user in order to purchase some Oculus Products. You are responsible for all charges incurred in connection with your account. We may attempt to collect unpaid charges, including by attempting additional charges to your payment instrument, use of collections agencies and any other legal means. If you decide to cancel your account, we reserve the right, subject to any limitations under applicable laws, to collect fees, surcharges, or costs incurred before cancellation. Any delinquent or unpaid accounts must be settled before we will allow you to register again.

5.8 Virtual Items. Your purchase of a virtual item or in-game currency within the Oculus Products is a payment for a limited, non-assignable licence to access and use such content or functionality in the Oculus Products. Virtual items (including characters and character names) or in-game currency purchased or available to you in the Oculus Products can only be used in connection with the Oculus Products where you obtained them or where they were developed by you as a result of gameplay. These items are not redeemable or subject to refund and cannot be traded outside the Oculus Products for money or other items for value. We may modify or discontinue virtual items or in-game currency at any time.

5.9 Pricing and Payment. We may accept various forms of payment, including credit and debit cards and payments made through PayPal and Facebook Payments. Additional terms with your payment provider may apply.

By submitting an order or pre-order, you acknowledge that you are authorised to use the designated payment method and you authorise us to charge your order to that payment method. When you provide your payment information, you authorise us (or a third-party payment processor) to process and store your payment and related information. Depending on where you are located or ask to have the Oculus Products dispatched or delivered, Oculus may utilise an agent, subsidiary or affiliate (including Facebook Technologies Ireland Limited for orders outside the United States and Canada) to process payment and delivery. In the event that the payment method you designate cannot be verified, is invalid or is not otherwise acceptable, we may suspend or cancel your order. You are responsible for resolving any problems we encounter in order to proceed with your order.

Prices are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel orders at any time and in our sole discretion.

5.10 Taxes. If your purchase or use of the Oculus Products is subject to any type of use or sales tax, duty or other governmental tax or fee ("Taxes"), then we may charge you for those Taxes. Applicable Taxes may be presented at checkout. You are responsible for any Taxes due with respect to your use of the Oculus Products.

5.11 Content cancellations and Returns. All purchases of digital content are final except as required by law, or as described in our Mobile (https://www.oculus.com/legal/mobile-content-refund-policy/) and Rift (https://www.oculus.com/legal/rift-content-refund-policy/) Content Refund Policies. Once you purchase content, we encourage you to download, install and/or access it promptly. You consent that the supply of the digital content may begin immediately following the completion of your purchase, and you acknowledge that you therefore will lose any statutory rights you may have to withdraw and receive a refund. The laws of some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer or removal of certain statutory rights, so this waiver of statutory rights may not apply to you. If you are unable to download, install or access purchased content, please contact us through the support portal at https://support.oculus.com.

6. Acceptable use

By accessing or using the Oculus Products, you agree that you will not: (a) access or use the Oculus Products in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit anyone from fully enjoying the Oculus Products, including, but not limited to, defamatory, harassing, threatening, bigoted, hateful, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise offensive behaviour or content; (b) damage, disable, overburden or impair the functionality of the Oculus Products in any manner; (c) access or use the Oculus Products for any illegal or unauthorised purpose or engage in, encourage or promote any illegal activity or any activity that violates these Terms, Community Standards (also known as the Facebook Rules) and Conduct in VR Policy, or any other terms or policies provided in connection with the Oculus Products; (d) use or attempt to use another user's account without authorisation from such user; (e) modify, adapt, hack or emulate the Oculus Products; (f) use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided or authorised by us to access the Oculus Products or to extract data; (g) circumvent or attempt to circumvent any filtering, security measures or other features designed to protect the Oculus Products or third parties; or (h) infringe upon or violate our rights or the rights of our users or any third party.

7. User content

Our Oculus Products may include interactive features and areas where you may submit, post, upload, publish, email, send, otherwise transmit or interact with content, including, but not limited to, text, images, photos, videos, sounds, virtual reality environments or features, software and other information and materials (collectively "User Content"). Unless otherwise agreed, we do not claim any ownership rights in or to your User Content. If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have made available through our Oculus Products (for example, images, designs, videos or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share on Oculus Products), we retain all rights to that content (but not yours). By submitting User Content through the Oculus Products, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free and fully sublicensable (i.e. we can grant this right to others) right to use, copy, display, store, adapt, publicly perform and distribute such User Content in connection with the Facebook Company Products (https://www.facebook.com/help/195227921252400/) (subject to applicable Privacy Settings [https://secure.oculus.com/my/privacy/]). This right ends when you delete your User Content or account, unless your User Content has been shared with others and they have not deleted it. You irrevocably consent to any and all acts or omissions by us or persons authorised by us that may infringe any moral right (or analogous right) in your User Content. If User Content includes music, you agree to our Music Guidelines (https://store.facebook.com/legal/quest/music-terms/).

You are solely responsible for the User Content that you make available through the Oculus Products and you represent and warrant that (a) you either are the sole and exclusive rights owner of all User Content that you provide, or you have obtained all rights, licences, permissions, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to us the rights specified in this section; (b) the provision of your User Content, and our subsequent use of such User Content, will not infringe, misappropriate or violate any third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable laws or regulations; and (c) your User Content does not violate our Community Standards (also known as the Facebook Rules) and Conduct in VR Policy.

We do not endorse or guarantee the opinions, views, advice or recommendations posted or sent by users. Facebook has no responsibility or liability for User Content made available through the Oculus Products, and we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor such content. However, we do reserve the right, and have absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit User Content at any time and for any reason, including content that infringes intellectual property rights or otherwise violates these Terms.

In the event that you are a developer who submits User Content to, or in connection with, the Oculus Products, you acknowledge and agree that our agreements with you as a developer may supersede this section of the Terms.

8. Privacy Policy

Our Privacy Policy, which is available at https://store.facebook.com/legal/quest/privacy-policy/ sets forth how we treat data, including how we collect, use and disclose information.

In addition, certain third parties (such as developers of Third-party Content and the manufacturers of your computer, mobile phone or other devices) may collect information about you when you use the Oculus Products. These third parties have their own privacy policies and will treat the information they collect about you according to these policies. We encourage you to review these privacy policies before providing any information to third parties. We are not responsible for the accuracy of any third party’s privacy policy or for ensuring that third parties comply with their privacy policies.

9. Additional Terms

These Terms are in addition to, and do not replace or change, any other agreements that you enter into with us or our affiliates, which may include but are not limited to our developer agreements, special device terms of use, Community Standards (also known as the Facebook Rules) and Conduct in VR Policy, and contest, competition or promotion-related terms. In addition, if you purchase physical goods from us, other terms of sale or promotion may apply from time to time.

Your purchase and use of Third Party Content may be subject to additional terms, including but not limited to third-party end user agreements, and privacy policies. We encourage you to review any third-party agreements and policies carefully before accessing, downloading or using Third-party Content. You may also access services provided by other Facebook Company Products (https://www.facebook.com/help/195227921252400/), which may be subject to additional terms.

10. Ratings

We may display age, comfort, and content ratings for digital content that are based on information provided to us by the developers of such content. We cannot guarantee that digital content ratings will always be accurate, nor can we promise that you will not find some material harmful, offensive, indecent or objectionable.

11. Ownership and intellectual property

Unless otherwise indicated, the Oculus Products are the property of Facebook, our affiliates or our licensors and are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Oculus Products.

Oculus, Oculus VR, Rift, Oculus Touch, Oculus Go and the Oculus logo ("Oculus Marks") are trademarks or registered trademarks of Facebook Technologies, LLC. The Oculus Marks and those of its affiliates may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without prior written permission, except as authorised by any applicable brand guidelines. All other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners and may not be used without permission of the applicable trademark holder. For more information about our brand guidelines, visit our Brand Resource Centre (https://oculusbrand.com).

12. Feedback

Separate and apart from User Content, you may submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information about us and our Oculus Products (collectively "Feedback"). You agree that Facebook and its affiliates shall be able to use the Feedback in any way that they may choose without any obligation to you.

13. Export compliance and US government rights

You will comply with all applicable export control laws of the United States and any other applicable governmental authority, including without limitation, the US Export Administration Regulations ("Export Laws"). You will not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export or download the Oculus Products: (a) to any individual, entity or country prohibited by Export Laws, including by any US sanctions programme; (b) to anyone on the SDN List, the US Denied Persons List or Entity List or other export control lists; or (c) for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including nuclear, chemical or biological weapons proliferation or the development of missile technology. You further represent and warrant that no US federal agency has suspended, revoked or denied your export privileges and you are not listed on the SDN List.

The Oculus Products, including all related software, technical data and documentation, are "Commercially-available off-the-shelf (COTS) items" as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. §2.101. We provide the Oculus Products for US Government end-use solely in accordance with the following: (a) the Oculus Products are licensed only as COTS items; and (b) the US Government will have the same rights as all other end users pursuant to these Terms. This customary commercial licence is provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR 12.212 (Software) and, for US Department of Defense transactions, DFARS 252.227-7015 (Technical Data – Commercial Items) and DFARS 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer Software or Computer Software Documentation). If a US government agency has a need for any additional rights, it must negotiate directly with Facebook to determine if the parties can negotiate an acceptable amendment to these Terms that must be included in any applicable contract or agreement.

14. Intellectual Property reports

In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable laws, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also, at our sole discretion, limit access to the Oculus Products and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

If you believe that anything on or available through the Oculus Products infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below:

Designated Agent
Meta Platforms, Inc.
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025, US
Phone: +1 (650) 543 4800
Email address: ip@oculus.com

Please see 17 USC. §512(c)(3) (available at https://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512) for the requirements of a proper notification. If you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.

15. Hyperlinks

You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create text links to our websites for non-commercial purposes; however, you may not use our logos or other proprietary graphics to link to our sites without our express written permission.

The Oculus Products may contain links to third-party websites, applications or other third-party services, and you understand that by accessing third-party links, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate. You understand and agree that we are not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such third-party properties or the content, products or services made available through such properties. We do not endorse or control such third-party properties and we make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such properties. If you access or use any third-party properties, you should also be aware that such third parties’ terms and policies will govern.

16. Disclaimers

16.1 THERE ARE IMPORTANT HEALTH AND SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS THAT YOU MUST READ BEFORE USING THE OCULUS PRODUCTS, WHICH ARE AVAILABLE AT https://store.facebook.com/legal/quest/health-and-safety-warnings/. BY USING THE OCULUS PRODUCTS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THESE WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS. WE MAY UPDATE OR REVISE THESE WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS, SO PLEASE REVIEW THEM PERIODICALLY. ADDITIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS MAY BE PROVIDED BY DEVELOPERS IN RELATION TO SPECIFIC THIRD-PARTY CONTENT. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU WILL READ ALL HEALTH AND SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THE OCULUS PRODUCTS.

16.2 YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE OCULUS PRODUCTS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. AS BETWEEN YOU AND FACEBOOK, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE OCULUS PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND FACEBOOK EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN), INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, FACEBOOK DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE OCULUS PRODUCTS WILL BE ACCURATE OR MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THE OPERATION OF THE OCULUS PRODUCTS WILL BE SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR VIRUS-FREE; OR (C) ANY DEFECTS IN THE OCULUS PRODUCTS WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION, GUIDELINES OR ADVICE GIVEN BY FACEBOOK WILL CREATE A WARRANTY. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE LAWS OF SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

17. Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Facebook and our affiliates, independent contractors and service providers, and each of our respective directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, "Facebook Parties") from and against all third-party claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable lawyers' fees) caused by, arising out of or related to (a) your purchase or use of, or inability to use, the Oculus Products; (b) your breach of these Terms or any other applicable terms, policies, warnings or instructions provided by Facebook or a third party in relation to the Oculus Products; (c) your violation of any applicable law or any rights of any third party; or (d) any User Content or Feedback you provide.

18. Limitation of liability

THE FACEBOOK PARTIES SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE OCULUS PRODUCTS, EVEN IF A FACEBOOK PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE FACEBOOK PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE OCULUS PRODUCTS EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE OUR OCULUS PRODUCTS. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF CERTAIN DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE LAWS OF SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THESE TERMS, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS EXCLUDES OR LIMITS OUR LIABILITY FOR FRAUD OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE, OR IS INTENDED TO AFFECT YOUR NON-WAIVABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS.

19. Dispute resolution

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO SUBMIT TO BINDING ARBITRATION (JURY TRIAL WAIVER) OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES (OTHER THAN SPECIFIED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS AND SMALL CLAIMS) WITH FACEBOOK AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM FACEBOOK (NO CLASS ARBITRATIONS, CLASS ACTIONS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS OR ARBITRATIONS).

19.1 Binding arbitration, Disputes; small claims. You and Facebook agree to waive any right to a jury trial, or the right to have any Dispute resolved in any court, and instead accept the use of binding arbitration (which is the referral of a Dispute to one or more impartial persons for a final and binding determination); provided, however, that you have the right to litigate any Dispute in small claims court, if all the requirements of the small claims court, including any limitations on jurisdiction and the amount at issue in the Dispute, are satisfied. You agree to bring a Dispute in small claims court in San Mateo County, California, US, or, if you reside in the US, in a small claims court in your county of residence. "Dispute" as used in this Section 19 means any dispute, cause of action, claim or controversy arising out of or in any way related to Facebook in connection with these Terms, the subject matter of these Terms or access to and use of the Oculus Products, including but not limited to contract, personal injury, tort, warranty, statute or regulation, or other legal or equitable basis and disputes that involve third parties (such as developers of Third-party Content), except any dispute, cause of action, claim or controversy relating to Facebook's intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and/or patents). You and Facebook empower the arbitrator with the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability or enforceability of these terms or formation of this contract, including the arbitrability of any dispute and any claim that all or any part of these terms are void or voidable.

19.2 No Class Arbitrations, Class Actions or Representative Actions. You and Facebook agree that any Dispute is personal to you and Facebook, and that any Dispute shall only be resolved by an individual arbitration and shall not be brought as a class arbitration, a class action or any other representative proceeding. Neither party agrees to class arbitration, or an arbitration where a person brings a Dispute as a representative of any other person or persons. Neither you nor Facebook agree that a Dispute can be brought as a class or representative action whether inside or outside of arbitration, or on behalf of any other person or persons.

19.3 Federal Arbitration Act. You and Facebook agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the enforceability of Section 19 shall be governed by, construed and enforced, both substantively and procedurally, by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. ("FAA") to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

19.4 Confidentiality. The arbitrator, Facebook and you shall maintain the confidentiality of any proceedings, including but not limited to any and all information gathered, prepared and presented for purposes of the arbitration or related to the Dispute(s) therein. The arbitrator shall have the authority to make appropriate rulings to safeguard that confidentiality, unless the law provides to the contrary.

19.5 Process. Our goal is to resolve claims fairly and quickly. Accordingly, for any Dispute that you have against Facebook, you agree to first contact Facebook and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending a written notice of your claim ("Notice") to Facebook. The Notice to Facebook must be sent by registered post addressed to: General Counsel, Oculus, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, US. The Notice must (a) include your name, residence address and the email address and/or mobile telephone number associated with your Oculus account; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. If you and Facebook cannot reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after such Notice is received, then either party may, as appropriate in accordance with this Section 19, commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in court. You and Facebook agree that any Dispute must be commenced or filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, the Dispute is permanently barred.

In the event that you and Facebook cannot resolve a Dispute and you do not pursue your claims through small claims court, you or Facebook shall promptly submit the Dispute to binding arbitration at the office of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"). In the event that the AAA declines or is not able to administer the arbitration, you and Facebook agree to use an arbitration forum or arbitrator that you and Facebook mutually agree upon. If, after making a reasonable effort, you and Facebook are not able to agree upon an arbitration forum or arbitrator, AAA or a court having proper jurisdiction will appoint an arbitration forum or arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Rules") then in effect. The AAA Rules and other information about AAA and arbitration are readily available at https://www.adr.org, by calling 1-800-778-7879, or by mail at 120 Broadway, Floor 21, New York, NY 10271. By entering into these Terms, you either (1) acknowledge that you have read and understand the AAA Rules or (2) waive reading the AAA Rules and waive any claim that the AAA Rules are unfair in any way. You and Facebook agree that these Terms govern the arbitration, and that the applicable AAA Rules shall be subject to changes in procedures that AAA may make from time to time.

As limited by the FAA, these Terms and the applicable AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the exclusive power and jurisdiction to make all procedural and substantive decisions concerning the Dispute; provided, however, that this power does not include the power to conduct a class arbitration or a representative action, which is prohibited by these Terms (as stated above). The arbitrator may only conduct an individual arbitration, and may not consolidate more than one person's claims and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding, or any proceeding on behalf of or involving more than one person or persons.

Unless the arbitrator finds that the arbitration was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, Facebook will pay all filing, AAA, and arbitrator's fees and expenses. If the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of our last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or if we did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected), then we will pay you the amount of the award or USD 5,000, whichever is greater, and pay your legal adviser, if any, the amount of legal fees incurred, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that you or your legal adviser reasonably accrue for investigating, preparing and pursuing your claim in arbitration. We waive any right to seek an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses in connection with any non-frivolous arbitration between you and us.

19.6 Right to Opt Out. You may opt out of this agreement to arbitrate. If you do so, neither you nor Facebook can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify us in writing within 30 days of the date when you first became subject to this arbitration provision, and must include your name and residence address, the email address you use for your Oculus account (if you have one) and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement. Any requests to opt out must be sent to: General Counsel, Oculus, 1601 Willow Rd., Menlo Park, CA 94025, US.

If a court or arbitrator decides that any of this section's limitations cannot be enforced as to a particular claim for relief or request for a remedy (such as public injunctive relief), then that claim or request for a remedy (and only that claim or request) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court. Unless you choose to opt out, this dispute resolution provision in Section 19 shall survive termination of these Terms.

The courts in some countries may not permit you to consent to arbitration. If you reside in one of those countries, your country’s laws will apply.

20. Governing law

20.1 The laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern your access to and use of the Oculus Products. Your access to and use of the Oculus Products may also be subject to other local, state, national or international laws.

20.2 To the extent that the provisions in Section 19 do not apply, you further agree that all disputes, causes of action, claims or controversies arising under these Terms that cannot be settled through informal negotiation will be resolved exclusively in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating all such claims to the extent allowed by law. The courts in some countries may not apply the law of California to some types of disputes or allow you to consent to jurisdiction in California. If you reside in one of these countries, your country's laws will apply to such disputes related to the Oculus Products. In particular, if you are a consumer and habitually reside in a Member State of the European Union, the laws of that Member State will apply to any claim, cause of action or dispute between us that arises out of or relates to these Terms or the Oculus Products and the claim, cause of action or dispute may be resolved in any competent court in that country that has jurisdiction over the claim. In all other cases, you agree that the claim must be resolved as described in these Terms.

21. Modifications to the Oculus Products

We reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, discontinue or disable access to the Oculus Products or particular portions thereof, at any time and without notice. In no event will Facebook be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any portion or feature of the Oculus Products.

22. Termination

We reserve the right to terminate your right to access and use the Oculus Products if you breach these Terms or any other terms or policies referenced herein, or if you otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us.

23. Severability

If any provision of these Terms is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

24. Assignment

You may not assign these Terms or any of the rights granted hereunder without the prior written consent of Facebook and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be void. Subject to the foregoing restriction, these Terms will be fully binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by us and our respective successors and assigns.

25. Non-waiver

Any failure by Facebook to insist upon or enforce performance by you of any of the provisions of these Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under these Terms or otherwise by law will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any right to assert or rely upon the provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance; rather, the provision, right or remedy will be and remain in full force and effect.

26. Contact us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms or our Oculus Products, please contact us through the support portal at https://support.oculus.com, email at contact@oculus.com.

27. Special provisions applicable to users outside the United States

Certain specific terms that apply only for German users are available at https://store.facebook.com/legal/quest/terms-applicable-to-germany/. Please review these terms carefully if you reside in Germany.

If you are a business established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom and publish content on the Oculus Platform offered to end users located in the European Union or the United Kingdom, you can learn more about your commercial relationship with us by reviewing the Platform to Business Notice, which supplements these Terms.
Available at: https://www.paypal.com/it/webapps/mpp/ua/useragreement-full?locale.x=en_IT


PayPal
PAYPAL USER AGREEMENT
About Your Account

This User Agreement will be effective September 14, 2020.
Welcome to PayPal!

These are the terms and conditions of the contract between you and PayPal (Europe) S.a r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. (“PayPal”) governing your use of your PayPal account and the PayPal services, which we call our user agreement. It applies only to PayPal accounts of residents of Italy. If you are an individual, you must be at least 18 years old and have full legal capacity to enter into a contract to open a PayPal account and use the PayPal services. If you are a business, the business must be registered in Italy.

To use the PayPal services you need to open a PayPal account. By opening and using a PayPal account, you agree to comply with all of the terms and conditions in this User Agreement. You also agree to comply with the following additional documents and each of the other documents on the Legal Agreements page that apply to you: Fees page; Privacy Statement; Acceptable Use Policy; Alternative Payment Methods Agreement; All future changes notified in the Policy Update already published on the “Legal Agreements” page.

Please read carefully all of the terms and conditions of this User Agreement and each of the other documents that apply to you.

We may revise this User Agreement and any of the documents listed above from time to time. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it, unless otherwise noted. If our changes reduce your rights or increase your responsibilities we will post a notice on the Policy Updates page of our website and provide notice to you of at least two months. By continuing to use our services after any changes to this User Agreement take effect, you agree to be bound by those changes. If you do not agree with any changes, you may close your account before the changes take effect.

Information about us and our service

PayPal’s main business is the issuance of electronic money and the provision of payment services using that electronic money.

For more information about us and our service, you can read our Key Payment and Service Information.

this User Agreement, together with other legal terms and legally required disclosures relating to your use of our service will be made available to you at all times on the PayPal website (typically located on the “Legal Agreements” page). We may also send this information to you.

You may request a copy of any legally required disclosures (including this User Agreement and the Key Payment and Service Information) from us and we will provide this to you in a form which allows you to store and reproduce the information (for example, by e-mail).

Opening an account

We offer two types of accounts: personal accounts and business accounts.

Personal accounts

With a personal account you can send and request money from friends and family and pay online for purchases.

Holders of certain existing personal accounts may be required to upgrade their accounts (which may include providing further information to PayPal) in order to be able to use all of the current functionality available in a personal account.

To use your PayPal account primarily to sell things, you must open a business account or convert your personal account to a business account.

Business accounts

Business accounts are for people and organisations (whether incorporated or not) that primarily use PayPal to receive online payments for sales or donations.

Business accounts may be subject to fees that differ from the fees applicable to personal accounts. See our Fees for further details.

By opening a business account or converting a personal account to a business account, you certify to us that you are using it primarily for a business or commercial purpose.

Commercial Entity Status

If the activity through your business account reaches certain thresholds or involves certain business segments or activities, you are required by the card networks to agree to Commercial Entity Agreements directly with our processing partners to allow you to continue accepting card-funded payments. In this case, these Commercial Entity Agreements will apply to any payment processed by PayPal on your behalf in addition to this User Agreement.

Safe use of your PayPal account

You should take reasonable steps to stop your PayPal account being misused. You must maintain adequate security and control of any and all devices, items, IDs, passwords and personal identification numbers / codes that you use to access your PayPal account and the PayPal services. Please see our Key Payment and Service Information for guidelines.

You must comply with all reasonable instructions we may issue regarding how you can keep your Payment Instrument safe.

We may require you to authenticate any instruction relating to your account (i.e. give us the information that we need to be sure that it’s you giving us the instruction, such as submitting your correct log-in information – this could include your e-mail address and password) and otherwise successfully log into your PayPal account to provide to us your instruction.

You must keep your postal address, email address and other contact information current in your PayPal account profile.

You may expressly grant, remove and manage permissions for some third parties to take certain actions on your behalf. In some cases you can do this when logged into your account – in other cases you can do this directly with the third party. You acknowledge that if you grant permission for a third party to take actions on your behalf, we may disclose certain information about your Account to this third party.

You may permit third party service providers licensed by applicable law to:

    provide account information services to access information about your account on your behalf;
    confirm whether an amount necessary for the execution of a card-based payment transaction is available on your account; or
    provide payment initiation services to initiate payments from your account on your behalf.

Granting permission to any third party to access your account in any way does not relieve you of any of your responsibilities under this User Agreement. You are liable to us for the actions that you authorise the third parties to carry out. You will not hold us responsible for, and you will indemnify us from, any liability arising from the actions or inactions of such third parties in connection with the permissions you granted, subject to your mandatory legal rights.

Closing Your PayPal Account

You can close your account at any time. See the PayPal Help Centre for how to do this.

We may close your account at our convenience by providing you with two months’ prior notice. We may also close your account at any time if: you are in breach of this User Agreement and/or we are otherwise entitled to close your account under this User Agreement; you do not access your account for three years; or we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorisation.

Where we decide to close your account we will provide you with notice of account closure and where practicable, the reasons for closing your account, together with the ability to withdraw any undisputed funds that we are holding.

When your account is closed: this User Agreement terminates immediately, except that this User Agreement survives termination to the extent and for so long as we require to deal with the closure of your account and to comply with applicable laws and regulations; we may cancel any pending transactions and you will forfeit any balances associated with special funding arrangements; we may suspend, limit or terminate your access to or use of our services, websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the services) operated by us or on our behalf or some or all of the services; you will remain liable for all outstanding obligations under this User Agreement related to your account prior to closure; we may keep your account information in our database for the purpose of fulfilling our legal obligations; and we may retain your electronic money after closure to the extent and for the time we reasonably require to protect us and/or any third party against the risk of reversals, fees, fines, penalties and other liabilities of whatever nature. After this time you will be able to withdraw any undisputed funds that we are holding. Please Contact Us if you have any questions about funds held in your account on closure.
    If you are the legal representative of an incapacitated or deceased account holder, please Contact Us for assistance.

In the event that we decide to discontinue any of our services or any portion or feature of our services for any reason, we will give you at least two months’ prior notice before discontinuing the service or feature, unless we determine in good faith that: the service or feature must be discontinued sooner as required by law or a third-party relationship; or doing so could create a security risk or substantial economic or material technical burden.

Linking and Unlinking a Funding Source

All money in your account is legally termed “electronic money”, which is recognised throughout the European Economic Area as a form of money suitable for use online.

You can use a funding source as a way to pay us to obtain electronic money in your account or to receive withdrawals from your account, as further outlined in this User Agreement (see in particular Adding or Withdrawing Money and Funding your Payment.

You can link or unlink a credit card, debit card, a prepaid card (where available) a bank account or PayPal Credit (where available) to your PayPal account as a funding source.

We may limit the availability of your funding sources to manage our risk.

Please keep your funding source information current (e.g. credit card number and expiration date). If this information changes, we may update it using information and third-party sources available to us without any action on your part. If you do not want us to update your card information, you may contact your issuer to request this or remove your funding source from your PayPal account. If we update your funding source, we will keep any preference setting attached to that funding source. You may choose to confirm your card or bank account, so that we can verify that the card or bank account is valid and that you are its owner. We may allow you to do this by following the Link and Confirm Card process (for cards) or the Bank Confirmation process (for bank accounts) or other processes which we may notify to you or which we may publish from time to time.

Your continuous permission for us to charge your funding sources

By linking a funding source to your PayPal account, you give us continuous permission to automatically charge that funding source (subject to this User Agreement and the terms of any mandate (e.g. bank direct debit) used by the provider of that funding source to set up and maintain that authority) for the required value of the electronic money:

    to cover the payment amount (plus all transaction fees payable to us) when you use your account to send a payment to another user and
    to top up your account when you use the Add Funds functionality account interface.

We may charge the funding source again if the previous attempt failed. If you cancel any continuous permission from your funding source, you will reimburse us for the value of any electronic money we’ve already issued for which a charge from that funding source remains outstanding.

You can stop the permission by unlinking the funding source from your PayPal account.

SEPA is an initiative of the European Commission and European banking sector, aimed at making transactions more efficient within the European Union. Whenever you register a bank account with PayPal or use a new bank account for the first time as a Funding Source, you grant PayPal a SEPA Direct Debit mandate. If you use a SEPA Direct Debit mandate for the continuous authority:

    you can access the mandate and the mandate reference number (MRN) in your PayPal account profile at any time and cancel or change the mandate for future transactions.
    PayPal will inform you of the amount of the SEPA Direct Debit payment and the time frame in which PayPal will collect the amount from the bank account together with the purchase confirmation. If PayPal resubmits any SEPA Direct Debit payment request due to reversal of the original payment, there will be no (additional) information given on the amount and the time frame ahead of the resubmission.
    you can claim a refund from your bank at any time up to 8 weeks after the date on which the SEPA Direct Debit payment took place in accordance with your bank’s terms and conditions.

Risk of reversals to your funding source and when eCheques may arise

When we receive a payment from your funding source we may store the resulting electronic money in your reserve account for as long as we have reason to believe that there is risk of reversal by the funding source provider. This is because we do not have all the information necessary to place the funds from your payment at your disposal in your PayPal balance while there is such a risk of reversal.

When you instruct us to make a payment from your account to another user funded by a payment from your bank account and we store the resulting electronic money in this way, we call this type of payment from your bank account an “eCheque” payment. See Funding payments you send from your account below for how we use eCheques.
Holding and using a PayPal balance

You will not receive interest or any other earnings on the money in your account. This is because the money in your account is electronic money and European law forbids paying interest on electronic money. Also, electronic money is not a deposit or an investment under Luxembourg law, so the Luxembourg deposit guarantee or investor indemnity schemes administered by the Conseil des Protection des Deposants et des Investisseurs cannot protect you.

We may store and move the money in your account in and between:

    the PayPal balance; and
    the reserve account,

at any given time subject further to this User Agreement.

PayPal balance

The operational part of your account contains your PayPal balance, which is the balance of money available for payments or withdrawals.

When you use our payment service to pay another user, you instruct us to transfer the money from your PayPal balance to the recipient’s account.

You need to have enough PayPal balance in cleared funds to cover the amount of any payment you make and the transaction fees you owe us at the time of the payment. Other requirements also apply – see the section Making a Payment below. If you have insufficient PayPal balance or have chosen a preferred funding source you are also requesting us to obtain funds on your behalf from your applicable funding source and issue electronic money to your PayPal balance for your payment to be made.

When you withdraw your money you need to have enough PayPal balance to cover the value of any withdrawal at the time of the withdrawal.

See Adding or Withdrawing Money to know how to get a PayPal balance and how to withdraw it.

If your PayPal balance shows a negative amount, this is the net amount you owe to us at the given time.
Reserve account

Money marked in your account overview as “pending”, “uncleared”, “held” or otherwise restricted or limited at any given time is held in the part of your account which acts as a reserve account. You cannot access and use money stored in the reserve account.

Adding or Withdrawing Money

Adding money

To get electronic money into your account you can, subject further to this User Agreement:

    accept a payment in your account from someone else. We may charge you fees for this; or
    obtain electronic money from us by paying us an equivalent amount.

You can obtain electronic money from us by:

    automatically using your applicable funding source(s) to cover the amount of the payments that you instruct us to send to other users (and the transaction fees payable by you to us); or
    manually using the “Add Funds” function available from your account interface to pay us or instructing us to charge your funding source for the electronic money.

The execution of any payment to us from your funding source provider is your funding source provider’s legal responsibility. We have no control over how long the payment to us will take.

Withdrawing money

If you have a PayPal balance, you may withdraw any amount by transferring it to your nominated funding source linked to your PayPal account, as we may allow from time to time. This could include your bank account or debit or credit card, depending on the country in which your PayPal account is registered.

When you instruct us to withdraw any amount of your PayPal balance, subject further to this User Agreement we will:

    convert the electronic money to money that we can transfer to your nominated funding source; and
    instruct our own bank to transfer that money to your nominated funding source. 

We aim to send the withdrawal payment instruction to our bank by the end of the next Business Day (
“Business Day” means a day on which banks in Luxembourg are open to the general public). if there are no other delays subject to this User Agreement. Once our bank receives our payment instruction, we have no control over how long the payment to you will take to complete. At this point, our bank, your funding source provider and the payment systems that they rely on take over responsibility for getting the money to your nominated funding source and this can affect the time it takes for you to receive your money. We may allow you to withdraw the money by transferring the money to:

    an eligible bank account (where we make this available) through:
        a standard transfer to your bank account linked to your account (this withdrawal/redemption functionality is sometimes known as “transfer to bank”); or
        an Instant Transfer to your bank account linked to your account.

        We may allow the above transfers to be made through the debit card attached to that bank account.
    your branded MasterCard or Visa card (where we make this available).

Fees apply to withdrawals. We will also disclose to you the fees in advance each time you initiate such a withdrawal.

The funding source (for example, bank account or card) into which you request the withdrawal must be denominated in the original opening currency of your account or another currency that PayPal supports for withdrawals in your country of residence.

You may only withdraw PayPal balance in the opening currency of your account, unless we agree otherwise. In order to withdraw PayPal balance held in another currency you will have to convert the currency to the opening currency of your account, or it will be converted for you at the time of your withdrawal. Our transaction exchange rate will be used.

This means that if you withdraw:

    a PayPal balance held in a currency other than the original opening currency of your account, you will be charged a fee for the conversion into your original opening currency; and
    to a funding source (for example, bank account or card) denominated in a currency other than the original opening currency of your account, you will be charged a fee for the conversion into the currency in which the funding source is denominated.

To protect you, our other users and us from loss and to allow us to comply with our anti-money laundering and other legal obligations, we may delay a withdrawal, in certain situations, including if we need to confirm that you have authorised the withdrawal or if payments to your PayPal account have been subject to a reversal (for example, as a result of a chargeback, bank reversal or dispute by a buyer). If we place a limitation on your PayPal account, a payment is subject to a hold, or your account or an associated account has a negative balance in any currency while a withdrawal from your PayPal account is pending, you will have to reinitiate the withdrawal once the limitation or hold has been lifted, or negative balance is fully paid off.

We may set limits on your withdrawals, and you can view any withdrawal limit by logging into your PayPal account. You must follow the steps that we will notify to you or publish from time to time (which we may set out in your account overview) to lift your withdrawal limit.

Managing Your Money in Multiple Currencies

When you open your account, it is configured for use with the opening currency of your account.

The opening currency of your account is Euro.

We may configure your account further so that you can use it to store money and send and receive payments in currencies other than the opening currency of your account. If you hold a PayPal balance, we may allow you to convert it to balance in another currency.

If your PayPal balance is not enough to cover the amount of a payment you instruct us to make in a particular currency, we may perform a currency conversion from any PayPal balance in another currency to cover the shortfall. There may be some restrictions on where you can send payments in certain currencies.

We may allow you to choose the way in which your account treats and/or converts payments received in currencies other than the opening currency of your account. To receive money in a currency other than the opening currency of your account, it may be necessary to create a balance in that currency or convert the money into another currency that we allow you to hold.

Payments in certain currencies can only be received by automatic conversion of the money into another currency that we allow you to hold.

If you receive a payment from anyone who doesn’t have a PayPal account and that payment is in a currency which your account is not currently configured to use, we may automatically convert the amount received into a currency that your account is configured to use at the time the payment is made.

Please see the Withdrawing Money section above to see how withdrawals in different currencies can be made.

If one of the currency balances in your account shows that you owe us an amount of funds for any reason, we may set off the amount you owe us by using funds you maintain in a different currency balance or by deducting amounts you owe us from money you receive into your account, or money you attempt to withdraw or send from your account, or in a different account, and by deducting funds from any withdrawals you attempt to make. If, for a period of 21 Days, you have a PayPal balance that reflects an amount owing to us that is not in Euros, we may convert the amount you owe us to Euros.

We may, at our discretion, impose limits on the amount of money you can convert or the number of conversions you can perform. You are responsible for all risks associated with maintaining multiple currencies in a PayPal account. You may not manage or convert currencies for speculative trading purposes, conversion arbitrage, conversion options, or any other activity that we determine is primarily for the purpose of gaining or making money based on currency conversion rates. We may hold, cancel, or reverse any transaction we determine to violate this policy.

How we convert currency

If PayPal converts currency, it will be completed at the transaction exchange rate we set for the relevant currency exchange.

The transaction exchange rate is adjusted regularly and includes a currency conversion fee applied and retained by us on a base exchange rate to form the rate applicable to your conversion. The base exchange rate is based on rates within the wholesale currency markets on the conversion day or the prior Business Day; or, if required by law or regulation, set at the relevant government reference rate(s).

We may make a transaction exchange rate (including our currency conversion fee) available for your review during your transaction. If you complete the transaction, that transaction exchange rate may apply to the payment for the transaction whenever it is processed; or that rate may be valid only if the payment for that transaction is processed within a limited time, as stated during the transaction. After that limited time, we may use the transaction exchange rate in effect at the time the transaction is processed, or not perform the currency conversion.

If you have authorised a payment under a billing agreement, and we perform currency conversion for that payment, we will use the transaction exchange rate in effect at the time the payment transaction is processed. The transaction exchange rate for each payment under a billing agreement may vary.

We may provide you access to a “Currency Converter” tool to see what transaction exchange rate (including our currency conversion fee) may apply for certain currency conversions. Any rates shown using the Currency Converter tool only apply at the time you use the tool and are subject to change.

Currency conversion choices

When your payment is funded by a debit or credit card and PayPal determines currency conversion is necessary, you consent to and authorise us to convert the currency in place of your debit or credit card issuer.

You may have the right to have your card issuer convert the currency of the card payment into the currency in which you send the payment from your PayPal account, if applicable for that card issuer and network. This selection may be presented to you in various forms, including a choice of which currency is used for the transaction, whether we or your card issuer performs the conversion, or which conversion rate is used for the transaction, among others. If your card issuer converts the currency, your card issuer will determine the currency conversion rate and what fees they may charge.

PayPal will always perform the conversion for transactions where you use existing balance or your linked bank account is the funding source.

If PayPal determines currency conversion is necessary for a transaction that also requires a backup funding source to be chosen, you may not be able to separately choose whether PayPal or your card issuer performs the currency conversion on the payment from your backup funding source.

Where a currency conversion is offered at the point of sale by the merchant, not by PayPal, and you choose to authorise the payment transaction on the basis of the merchant's exchange rate and charges, PayPal has no liability to you for that currency conversion.

Account Statements and Requesting Account Records

Unless your Account is restricted you may view and download your PayPal account statement by logging into your PayPal account. You agree to review your transactions through your PayPal account history instead of receiving periodic statements by email.

Key information relating to your payments will be provided to you via e-mail and your transaction history will also be updated and made available to you at any time by logging into your account. You can also access a downloadable report from your PayPal account. This will show all fees incurred and any other amounts charged to your PayPal account in the relevant period. The report will only be updated and made available if there has been any activity on your PayPal account or any fees have been incurred in the relevant period. The way in which we provide the transaction information will allow you to store and reproduce the information unchanged, for example by printing a copy.

We reserve the right to charge a fee for providing you with additional information or for providing the transaction history and other information about fees in a different way but we won’t charge you for records requested in connection with your good-faith assertion of an error in your PayPal account.

Fees

We charge fees for our services as set out on the fees page.

Quoted fees are inclusive of all applicable taxes; however, other taxes or costs may exist that are not paid through or imposed by us.

You are liable for telephone charges and any charges made by your internet service provider or similar or associated charges as a result of the use by you of our services.

We may deduct our fees from your PayPal balance. We may deduct our transaction-related fees from the amounts we transfer before those funds are credited to your PayPal balance.

We will provide you with the details of the amounts you receive and our fees charged either by e-mail or in your transaction history (which you can access by logging into your account).

If your payment requires you to pay a fee to us, we may disclose that fee to you when you provide your payment instruction to us.

You cannot set off or deduct any amounts from our fees.

We may make a charge for any additional services we provide outside this User Agreement. We will tell you of those charges when you ask for the service.

If you are a merchant and you wish to apply for (and retain) our volume-based tiered merchant rate, the terms of the merchant rate in the Receiving Payments section below apply.

Making A Payment
General provisions for making a payment
Your payment instruction

We may allow you to provide your payment instruction to us in any way which we may notify to you from time to time. The way in which you provide your payment instruction can depend on the type of payment you are making – for example:

    If you are paying for a purchase or making a donation, many sellers and/or fund collectors allow you to provide your payment instruction to us in a dedicated PayPal checkout or other PayPal payment collection integration on their site.
    You can use the “Send Money” feature when you log into your PayPal account to send a payment to someone.

We may require you to authenticate your instruction (i.e. give us the information that we need to be sure that it’s you giving us the instruction, such as submitting your correct log-in information – this could include your e-mail address and password) and otherwise successfully log into your PayPal account to provide to us your payment instruction.

Cancelling your payment instruction

Once you provide you payment instruction to us, you may not cancel it, except if it is a payment instruction under a billing agreement (see below for more details).
How long will my payment take?

Your payment to another user will leave your account within the Business Day after we receive your complete payment instruction.

The payment will leave your account within two Business Days if we receive your complete payment instruction:

    on a day which is not a Business Day; or
    after 4 pm on a Business Day

We may allow you to ask us to make your payment on a specific later date, in which case your payment will leave your account on that later date.

Other provisions in this User Agreement may cause the above timeframes to be extended.
When we may refuse to make your payment

We may treat your payment instruction as not complete and we may refuse to make your payment if:

    you do not have enough money in your PayPal balance;
    we have reason to believe that your linked funding sources do not have sufficient funds to cover the money required to make your payment;
    you do not provide us with all mandatory information requested in the relevant payment or checkout flows which we use to obtain your payment instructions (for instance, sufficient details of the recipient as we may request and authentication of your payment instruction);
    the payment exceeds the sending limit we tell you about when you try to make the payment; or
    we have reason to believe that a restricted activity has happened in relation to your account or you are otherwise in breach of this User Agreement.

When your payment is not accepted by the recipient

If we allow you to send a payment to someone who does not have a PayPal account, the recipient can claim the money by opening a PayPal account.

If the recipient already has a PayPal account, they can refuse to accept the money.

If the recipient refuses to accept the money or doesn’t open a PayPal account and claim the money within 30 days after the date it is sent, the money (including any fees you were charged) will be refunded to your PayPal account. See Refunds to your account for what can happen when your PayPal account receives a refund.
Sending limits

We may, at our discretion, impose limits on the amount and value of payments you can make, including money you send for purchases. You can view any sending limit by logging into your PayPal account. To lift your sending limit, you must follow the steps that we will notify to you or publish from time to time (which we may set out in your account overview).

Setting up automatic charges from your account
Seller delayed payments

When you pay certain sellers or pay for certain purchases (for instance, purchases which have to be shipped to you or may be updated and finalised by the seller), you are providing:

    an authorisation to the seller to collect your payment at a later time; and
    an instruction to us to automatically pay that seller when the seller requests payment.

Your authorisation will typically remain valid for up to 30 days, but may remain valid for longer. If you have balance, we may hold the payment amount as pending until the seller collects your payment. If your payment requires a currency conversion by us, the transaction exchange rate will be determined and applied (as described in the Currency Conversion section) at the time the payment is processed.

Your authorisation allows the seller to update the payment amount before the seller collects the payment (to account for any changes to the purchase that you may agree with the seller, such as additional taxes, shipping or postage charges or discounts). We are not required to verify any changes at any time (including at the time the payment is transferred). We may transfer any amount on the basis of your authorisation and upon receiving instructions from the seller of the final payment amount.
Billing agreement payments

You can use a billing agreement to manage payments to the same recipient(s) on an ongoing automatic basis. When you enter into a billing agreement:

    a. you authorise the named recipient(s) to collect payments from your account as the recipient determines (this could be for payments of amounts you owe the recipient for a purchase of goods or services under a separate contract that you have with the recipient); and

    b. you instruct PayPal to pay the named recipient(s) (or other recipient(s) that the named recipient(s) direct(s)) when the named recipient(s) request(s) PayPal to make your payment.

This makes the recipient a “trusted beneficiary” (the legal term for someone you tell us is a trusted recipient) of all your payments made under that billing agreement, so we will not normally ask you to authenticate (e.g. log in) or approve these payments when they are made.

Payments made under the billing agreement may be in variable amounts and may be made on various dates. We are only a payment service provider so we can’t (and please don’t expect us to) know what you have or haven’t agreed with the recipient or to know why the recipient decided to collect your payment. We are not obliged to verify or confirm the amount the recipient presents to us for the purpose of processing payments made under the billing agreement.

We use several names for payments that can be managed by a billing agreement – these include “automatic payments,” "subscription payments" "recurring payments” “reference transactions” "preauthorised transfers" or "preapproved payment."

You can cancel your billing agreement at any time with immediate effect in your account interface or by contacting us. Where a payment under that billing agreement is scheduled to be made before the end of the next Business Day after you tell us to cancel it, we may cancel your billing agreement after that payment has been made. If you cancel a billing agreement, you may still owe the recipient money for goods or services that you have received but have not paid for.

If we determine currency conversion is necessary for a billing agreement payment, and we perform the conversion, we will use the transaction exchange rate (including our currency conversion fee) in effect at the time the payment is processed. The transaction exchange rate for each payment transaction may vary.

Refunds to your account
How refunds can happen

We may allow the recipient of your payment to:

    refuse to accept it; or
    decide to accept it and then use our service to send you a refund of all or any part of the amount of the payment later.

We will return the amount of any refused payment or refunded payment to your Balance. We will return the amount of an unclaimed payment to your balance within 30 days after the date you initiated the payment.

If any amount of any payment is returned to you in any of the ways outlined above, we may convert the returned amount for you into either:

    the currency of the balance you used for the original payment (before any conversion into the currency received by the recipient happened);
    the opening currency of your account; or
    US dollars (opening a balance in that currency for you, if you don’t have one already).

If the original payment you sent involved a currency conversion we will convert the returned amount from the currency received by the recipient as follows:

    if the amount is returned within 1 day of the date of the original payment we will use the transaction exchange rate applicable on the date of the original payment, so that you receive the original amount (including the currency conversion fee you paid) in the original currency you converted for the original payment; and
    if the amount is returned after 1 day of the date of the original payment we will use the transaction exchange rate applicable at the time of the conversion of the returned amount. You agree to bear the currency conversion fee for amounts returned to you as refunds or refused payments.

Unless otherwise outlined above in this section, you agree to bear the currency conversion fee for amounts returned to you as refunds or refused payments when you convert any amount returned to you in the ways outlined above. The transaction exchange rate may be applied immediately and without notice to you.

We may also automatically withdraw the returned amount from your Balance and transfer the funds back to the funding source you used for the original payment. Withdrawals can also involve a currency conversion – see the section on Withdrawing money above.

Risks when receiving refunds

The returned amount could be lower in value than your original payment amount. This can happen as a result of:

    the recipient sending you a refund lower in value than your original payment amount. As we are only a payment service provider, we cannot know what you are entitled to from the original payment recipient as a refund or why the recipient sent the refund in a particular amount; or
    transaction exchange rate fluctuations.

PayPal is not responsible for any loss resulting from the recipient's decision to refuse or refund your payment, except to the extent that a refund sent by the recipient is a payment executed incorrectly by PayPal.

We are not liable to you for the difference between the value of your original payment and the value of the resulting refund, except to the extent that the refund is an incorrect payment (see the section on Resolving Problems).

Funding Your Payment
Selecting a preferred funding source

You may select a preferred funding source when logged into your account. Subject to this User Agreement, the preferred funding source will be used as the default funding source for payments you send from your account.

You can set separate preferred funding sources for some billing agreement payments.

Special Funding Arrangements

Some payments can be funded by special funding arrangements linked to your PayPal account, such as merchant/transaction specific balance, gift vouchers or other promotional funding arrangements. The use and priority of these special funding arrangements are subject to further terms and conditions between you and us. Your account overview may show the notional amount available in your special funding arrangements to fund qualifying payments at any given time. This amount does not constitute electronic money, is not deemed part of your PayPal balance and is not redeemable in cash - it only represents the amount of electronic money which we offer to issue and credit to your account at the time of (and only to immediately fund) a qualifying payment, subject to (and only for the period outlined in) the further terms and conditions of use of that special funding arrangement. If your payment funded by a special funding arrangement is reversed at a later time for any reason, we will keep the amount that represents the portion of that payment that was funded by your special funding arrangement and (provided that the special funding arrangement has not already expired) reinstate the special funding arrangement.
Funding payments you send from your account

We will obtain electronic money for the payment you send from your account from the following sources in the following order to the extent they are available:

    Special Funding Arrangements (if available for the given transaction)
    Preferred funding source (if selected and available)
    Pre-existing PayPal balance
    Bank account (instant transfer via bank mandate)
    PayPal Credit (where available)
    PayPal-branded debit card (where available)
    PayPal-branded credit card (where available)
    Debit card
    Credit card
    Bank account (eCheque–where available)

PayPal Buyer Protection

When you buy something from a seller who accepts PayPal, you may be eligible for a refund under PayPal Buyer Protection. When applicable, PayPal Buyer Protection program entitles you to reimbursement for the full purchase price of the item plus the original shipping costs you paid, if any.

PayPal Buyer Protection is neither a product warranty nor a service warranty. No guarantees are given.

PayPal Buyer Protection is an additional service and does not replace the statutory rights of the consumer under the applicable consumer protection regulations. Regardless of the application of the Buyer Protection, consumers are always allowed to enforce their rights under the legal guarantee of conformity of goods provided by the seller.

PayPal determines, in its sole discretion, whether your claim qualifies for PayPal Buyer Protection. PayPal’s original determination is considered final, but you may be able to file an appeal of the decision with PayPal if you have new or compelling information not available at the time of the original determination or you believe there was an error in the decision-making process.

IMPORTANT: You may be required to return the item to the seller or other party we specify as part of the settlement of your claim. PayPal Buyer Protection does not entitle you to reimbursement for the return shipping costs that you may incur.

PayPal Buyer Protection may apply when you encounter these specific problems with a transaction:

    You didn’t receive your item from a seller (referred to as an “Item Not Received” claim), or
    You received an item, but the item isn’t what you ordered (referred to as a “Significantly Not as Described” claim).

If you believe that a transaction made through your PayPal account was not authorized by you, this type of claim is different from the PayPal Buyer Protection, and is described below under Liability for Unauthorized Transactions and Other Errors.

QR Code Transactions

If you buy something from a seller in-person by using a PayPal goods and services QR, your transaction may be eligible for PayPal Buyer Protection.

Item Not Received claims

Your claim will not qualify for a refund under PayPal Buyer Protection for an Item Not Received claim, if:

    You collect the item in person, or arrange for it to be collected on your behalf, including if you use PayPal in a seller’s retail point of sale, except for in-person PayPal QR code goods and services transactions or
    The seller has provided proof of shipment or proof of delivery.

If the seller presents evidence that they delivered the goods to your address, PayPal may find in favor of the seller for an Item Not Received claim even if you, in the absence of conclusive evidence, claim you did not receive the goods.

Significantly Not as Described claims

An item may be considered Significantly Not as Described if it is substantially different from the last description of it that you received from the payment recipient before you paid for it. Here are some non-exhaustive examples:

    The item is materially different from the seller’s description of it.
    You received a completely different item.
    The condition of the item was misrepresented. For example, the item was described as “new” but the item was used.
    The item was advertised as authentic but is not authentic (i.e. counterfeit).
    The item is missing major parts or features and those facts were not disclosed in the description of the item when you bought it.
    You purchased a certain number of items but didn’t receive them all.
    The item was damaged during shipment.
    The item is unusable in its received state and was not disclosed as such.

Without prejudice to the right of withdrawal for consumer distance contracts, below are several non-exhaustive examples when an item does not significantly differ from the description (i.e. the item is not “SNAD” – Significantly Not As Described) and is not covered by PayPal Buyer Protection if:

    The defect in the item was correctly described by the seller in its description of the item.
    The item was properly described but you didn't want it after you received it.
    The item was properly described but did not meet your expectations.
    The item has minor scratches and was described as “used."

Ineligible items and transactions under PayPal Buyer Protection

Purchases of most goods and services are eligible (including travel tickets, intangible items such as rights of access to digital content and other licenses), except for the following transactions:

    Real estate, including residential property.
    Financial products or investments of any kind.
    Businesses (when you buy or invest in a business).
    Crowdlending platforms.
    Vehicles, including, but not limited to, motor vehicles, motorcycles, recreational vehicles, aircraft and boats, except for personally portable light vehicles used for recreational purposes like bicycles and wheeled hoverboards.
    Significantly Not as Described claims for wholly or partly custom-made items.
    Donations including payments on crowdfunding platforms as well as payments made on crowdlending platforms.
    Items prohibited by the PayPal Acceptable Use Policy.
    For Item Not Received claims, items which you collect in person or arrange to be collected on your behalf, including items bought in a retail point of sale location, except for in-person PayPal QR code goods and services transactions.
    Industrial machinery used in manufacturing.
    Payments to state-run bodies (except for state-owned enterprises) or traders acting on mandates received from state-run bodies.
    Payment equivalent to cash, including stored value item such as gift cards and prepaid cards.
    Gambling, gaming and/or any other activity with an entry fee and a prize.
    Personal Payments.
    Payments sent using PayPal to any bill payment service.
    Payments made using PayPal Payouts and Mass Pay or not sent using your PayPal account.
    Items intended for resale, including single item transactions or transaction that include multiple items.
    Payments made in respect of gold (whether in physical form or in exchange-traded form).

Transaction eligibility for PayPal Buyer Protection

To be eligible for PayPal Buyer Protection you must meet all of the following requirements:

    Have a PayPal account in good standing.
    Pay for the eligible item from your PayPal account.
    Attempt to contact the seller to resolve your issue directly before filing a claim under PayPal’s Buyer Protection through the Resolution Centre.
    Respond to PayPal's request for documentation and other information within the time requested.
    Open a dispute in the Resolution Center within 180 days of the date you sent the payment, then follow our online dispute resolution process.
    Not have received a recovery or agreed to an alternative resolution related to your purchase from another source

Our online dispute resolution process

If you’re unable to resolve a transaction related issue directly with a seller, you must follow our online dispute resolution process through the Resolution Centre to pursue a claim under PayPal Buyer Protection. You may also file a claim (Step 2 below) by calling us and speaking to an agent. The steps you must follow are described below, and if you do not follow these steps your claim may be denied:

Step 1: Open a dispute within 180 days of the date you made the payment. This might allow you to start a direct conversation with the seller regarding your issue with the transaction that may help resolve the dispute. If you are unable to resolve the dispute directly with the seller, proceed to Step 2. We will place a hold on all funds related to the transaction in the seller's PayPal account until the dispute is resolved or closed.

Step 2: Escalate the dispute to a claim for reimbursement within 20 days after opening the dispute, if you and the seller are unable to come to an agreement, or we will automatically close the dispute. You can escalate the dispute to a claim for reimbursement through the Resolution Centre. The seller or PayPal may also escalate the dispute to a claim at this point. If you are making an Item Not Received claim, PayPal may ask you to wait at least 7 days from the dispute filing date to escalate the dispute.

Step 3: Respond to PayPal’s requests for documentation or other information, after you, the seller or PayPal escalates your dispute to a claim for reimbursement. PayPal may require you to provide receipts, third party evaluations, police reports or other documents that PayPal specifies. You must respond to these requests in a timely manner as requested in our correspondence with you.

Step 4: Comply with PayPal’s shipping requests in a timely manner, if you’re filing a Significantly Not as Described claim. PayPal may require you, at your expense, to ship the item back to the seller, to PayPal or to a third party (which will be specified by PayPal) and to provide Proof of Delivery.

Step 5: PayPal will make a final decision (including automatically closing any dispute or claim), in its sole discretion, based on the coverage and eligibility requirements set forth above, any additional information provided during the online dispute resolution process or any other information PayPal deems relevant and appropriate under the circumstances.

Event tickets

In certain cases, if you purchase a ticket or pay for the right to attend an event from a payment recipient who is a UK registered PayPal account holder (“Event”), all monies paid by you may be held by PayPal on trust for you, so that the beneficial interest in such monies remains with you until the performance of the Event in question.

Dispute with us or your card issuer

If you used a debit or credit card as the payment method for a transaction through your PayPal account and you are dissatisfied with the transaction, you may be entitled to dispute the transaction with your card issuer. Applicable card chargeback rights may be broader than those available to you under PayPal Buyer Protection. For example, if you dispute a transaction with your card issuer, you may be able to recover amounts you paid for unsatisfactory items even if they don’t qualify for protection under a Significantly Not as Described claim with us.

You must choose whether to pursue a dispute with PayPal under PayPal Buyer Protection, or to pursue the dispute with your card issuer. You can’t do both at the same time or seek a double recovery. If you pursue a dispute/claim with us and you also pursue a dispute for the same transaction with your card issuer, we’ll close your dispute/claim with us. This won’t affect the dispute process with your card issuer. In addition, if you pursue a dispute with your card issuer, you cannot pursue a dispute/claim with us later.

If you choose to dispute a transaction with PayPal and we decide against you, you can seek to pursue the dispute with your card issuer later. If PayPal does not make a final decision on your claim until after your card issuer's deadline for filing a dispute, and because of our delay you recover less than the full amount you would have been entitled to recover from the card issuer, we will reimburse you for the remainder of your loss (minus any amount you have already recovered from the seller or your card issuer).

Before contacting your card issuer or filing a dispute with PayPal, you should contact the seller to attempt to resolve your issue in accordance with the seller’s return policy.

Receiving Payments 
General provisions for receiving payments

PayPal may allow anybody (with or without an account) to make a payment resulting in the issuance or transfer of electronic money to your account.

By integrating (including by having already integrated) into your online checkout/platform any functionality intended to enable a payer without a PayPal account to send a payment to your PayPal account, you agree to all further terms of use of that functionality which PayPal will make available to you on any page on the PayPal or Braintree website (including any page for developers and our Legal Agreements page) or online platform. Such further terms include the PayPal Alternative Payment Methods Agreement.

The receipt of a payment into your account does not equate to the receipt of cleared funds. A notification that a payment has been sent to you does not amount to a receipt of electronic money in your account unless you have accepted the payment.

We may allow you to accept payments in any currency supported by our Service from time to time.

Where you (instead of PayPal) offer the payer at the point of sale a currency conversion of an amount you receive through PayPal, you will inform the buyer of the exchange rate and any charges that will be applied to the payment transaction. PayPal has no liability to any buyer if you fail to inform the buyer of the exchange rate and charges.You acknowledge that if you fail to disclose the exchange rate and charges to the buyer this may constitute a criminal offence by you.

Any payment sent to you may be subject to a reversal, payment review, limitation, reserve or hold as allowed under this User Agreement.
Receiving limits

We may, at our discretion, impose limits on the amount and value of payments you can receive, including money you receive for purchases. To lift your receiving limit, you must follow the steps that we will notify to you or publish from time to time (which we may set out in your account overview).
New checkout solution

Our new checkout solution consists of:

    Our dedicated bundled checkout capability in your online checkout/platform to enable a buyer with or without an account to send a payment to your account; and
    Our supporting Fraud Tool.

We may offer you all, any part or any combination of parts of the new checkout solution as our new checkout solution service. If we offer you the new checkout solution service and you choose to use it, in addition to this User Agreement, you agree to the following further terms relating to the following capabilities: when you use our APM functionality as part of the new checkout solution, the PayPal Alternative Payment Methods Agreement; and when you use: our Advanced Credit and Debit Card Payments service as part of the new checkout solution; and our Fraud Protection as part of the new checkout solution; Our Fees for using the new checkout solution apply.

Rules about surcharging

PayPal complies with the law and does not encourage in any way surcharging because it is, also, a commercial practice that can penalise the consumer and create unnecessary confusion, friction and abandonment at checkout.

You shall not surcharge for the use of our services.

If your account has “Merchant rate” status and, at any of your points of sale (in whatever form), you:

    dissuade or inhibit your customers from using our services;
    fail to treat the PayPal payment mark at least at par with other payment methods offered; or
    apply a surcharge for the use of our services,

we may permanently downgrade your account to the standard rate (and this does not limit any other rights and remedies we may have).

Presentation of PayPal

You must treat PayPal as a payment method or mark at least on par with any other payment methods offered at your points of sale, including your websites or mobile applications. This includes at least equal or substantially similar:

· logo placement,

· position within any point of sale,

· treatment in terms of payment flow, terms, conditions, restrictions, or fees, in each case as compared to other marks and payment methods at your points of sale.

In representations to your customers or in public communications, you must not mischaracterise PayPal as a payment method or exhibit a preference for other payment methods over PayPal.

Taxes and information reporting

It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the payments you make or receive, and it is solely your responsibility to assess, collect, report and remit the correct taxes to the appropriate authority. We are not responsible for determining whether any taxes apply to your transaction, or for calculating, collecting, reporting or remitting taxes arising from any transaction. As a bank service provider no sales tax applies to the PayPal services in the EU.

Your refund policy and privacy policy

You must publish a refunds and return policy, as well as a privacy policy.
In-store payments and QR code transactions

If you accept PayPal payments at your physical store, you must communicate the total amount of the transaction to the customer before it takes place. You may charge your customer's account only for transactions that they have authorized. You must also provide customers with a physical receipt if they request one. You agree that any transaction that you make shall have an accurate and true description of the goods and services being purchased.

If you use a QR code to accept payments in your physical store, you must use a QR code intended for goods and services transactions. You must also not use QR codes for in-person transactions as a method of accepting payment for goods and services transactions occurring online. For any buyer claims related to QR code transactions you may be required to provide us with alternative evidence of delivery, or such additional documentation or information relating to the transaction.
Marketplace sellers

If you’re a seller on a marketplace or through a third-party application where PayPal is offered, you must comply with any rules that apply to the marketplace’s or the third party application’s buyer protection program for sales you make through that forum. Any such protections may require you to take certain actions and may impact how claims are processed.

We may allow you to authorise certain marketplaces to use your account to pay amounts you owe to the marketplace or to the buyer (as the case may be) arising from a claim under the terms of the marketplace’s own resolution process (“Marketplace Due Amounts”). If you give such an authorisation and the marketplace has notifies us of the claim, you instruct us to process payments of all and any Marketplace Due Amounts relating to that claim from your PayPal account to that marketplace or to the buyer (as the case may be) according to the marketplace’s instructions to us. We may treat your instruction for the payment of any given Marketplace Due Amount as cancelled if we decide that the claim would have been determined in your favour had it been filed as a claim with us. You can also cancel this instruction by contacting us. All claims filed directly with the marketplace are governed by the marketplace’s policy only. The terms of the PayPal Seller Protection Programme do not cover you for claims filed by your buyers directly with the marketplace.
Accepting billing agreement payments

If we allow you to accept payments from a payer under a billing agreement, when you present to us a payment request under that billing agreement, you:

    warrant to us that the amounts you present have been agreed and consented to by the payer whose account will be deducted (including changes to those amounts) and that you will give prior notice of the deduction to the payer; and
    agree that you will notify the payer at least 4 weeks in advance of the amount they will collect if that amount has increased in such a manner that the payer could not have reasonably expected to pay such an amount, taking into account the payer’s previous spending patterns and the circumstances of the payment and that you are liable to us for any refunds of that payment in accordance with the terms of this User Agreement.

Refunds and reversals of payments

When you receive a payment, it could be refunded or reversed. We may allow you to send to the payer a refund of the payment. We may carry out a reversal of your payment in certain circumstances. See the rest of this section for more details.
Refunds

You alone are (and PayPal is not) responsible for:

    your legal and contractual obligations towards the payer for any amount you return to the payer; and
    any difference between the cost to the payer of making the original payment and the value of the amount returned to the payer (for instance, as a result of transaction exchange rate fluctuations) except to the extent that the refund is an incorrect payment (see the section on Resolving Problems).

    See our fees for details of the fees you paid to us as the recipient of the original payment which we retain when you use the special commercial transaction refund functionality in your PayPal account, as we may allow from time to time. except to the extent that the refund is an incorrect payment (see the section on Resolving Problems).

Reversals

If you receive a payment in your account, you owe us the full amount of the payment and our losses arising from processing the payment. This can include our liability (including any fees, charges and penalties) towards any third party (including the payer and the payer’s funding source provider).

A reversal happens when we exercise our right to set off the above amounts from your account under the section Reimbursement for your liability in this User Agreement. If your PayPal balance for a particular currency is insufficient to cover the amount you owe us in that currency, we may perform a currency conversion from any PayPal balance in another currency to cover the shortfall and you will be charged for the currency conversion. This means that, for example, if you are a seller, amounts of payments received in your account may be removed from your account after you have delivered any goods or services sold.

A reversal can happen when:

    we reimburse the payer in respect of a PayPal Buyer Protection claim the payer made against you.
    we compensate the payer or the payer’s funding source provider (or both) because we receive a claim from the payer or their funding source provider for the payment amount under the reversal process used by that funding source provider.

For instance:

    if the payer used a card to fund the payment to you the payer could pursue a “chargeback” with the card issuer. The card issuer, not us, determines whether the payer is successful when they pursue a chargeback. You can find out more about chargebacks by reviewing our Chargeback Guide, accessible via the PayPal Security Centre and the section called: “Selling Safely”. The PayPal Security Centre is accessed via the PayPal website. We charge you a fee for receiving a chargeback claim.

    If the payer used a bank account to fund the payment the payer or the bank could pursue a bank reversal.

The amount claimed may be greater than the original amount you received due to currency exchange rate fluctuations between the time of payment and the time of the claim.

    we may have to compensate your payer when they claimed that there was a problem with their payment (including that their payment was unauthorised or incorrect or that their billing agreement payment was not expected) – see Resolving Problems.

    we are entitled to carry out the reversal for any other reason under this User Agreement, including the provision Actions We May Take if You Engage in Any Restricted Activities.

Impact of PayPal Buyer Protection on sellers

You should read our Buyer Protection Policy and if you sell goods and services to buyers with PayPal accounts in countries other than your own, you also should be familiar with the purchase protection made available by PayPal to buyers in each of those countries as buyers’ rights under these programs may impact you as a seller. You can find information about the PayPal Buyer Protection on the Legal Agreements page by selecting your buyer’s location at the top of the page and referring to the corresponding PayPal Buyer Protection policy listed on that page or in the corresponding user agreement.

If you lose a claim under PayPal Buyer Protection in any country:

    You must forfeit the full purchase price of the item plus the original shipping cost. In some cases you may not receive the item back.
    You will not receive a refund of the PayPal fees that you paid in connection with the sale.
    If the claim was that the item received was Significantly Not as Described, you will generally may not receive the item back, or you may be required to accept the item back and pay for return shipping costs.
    If the claim was that the item received was Significantly Not as Described and related to an item you sold that is counterfeit, you will be required to provide a full refund to the buyer and you may not receive the item back.

If you accept PayPal payments from buyers for goods or services you sell through eBay, then you need to read and understand the eBay Money Back Guarantee program. Unless you opt out by calling eBay, PayPal will treat eBay’s decisions in favor of your buyers under that program as a basis for reversing a PayPal payment made to you. If the balance in your cash account or business PayPal account is insufficient to cover the amount, we may:

    place a hold on your PayPal account until sufficient funds become available in your PayPal account to cover the amount; or
    create a negative balance in your PayPal account.

PayPal Seller Protection
What’s eligible

If you have received more than €100,000 per month at least once over a consecutive period of 6 months on your PayPal Account and/or if you are applying surcharge for the use of PayPal (when the law applicable to you allows you to apply surcharge), you are not eligible for PayPal seller protection and this section applies to you unless otherwise agreed between you and PayPal. PayPal will review your eligibility for seller protection in October and April of each calendar year.

If you sell something to a buyer and the transaction is later disputed or reversed under Reversals, Claims or Chargebacks, you may be eligible for reimbursement under PayPal Seller Protection. When it applies, PayPal Seller Protection entitles you to retain the full purchase amount. There is no limit on the number of payments for which you can receive coverage. By accessing the transaction details page in your PayPal account you can determine whether or not your transaction is eligible for protection under this program

PayPal Seller Protection may apply when a buyer claims that:

    They did not authorize, or benefit from, funds sent from their PayPal account (referred to as an “Unauthorized Transaction” claim), and the Unauthorized Transaction occurs in an environment hosted by Paypal; or
    They didn’t receive the item from you (referred to as an “Item Not Received” claim) and files a chargeback with their issuer.

PayPal Seller Protection may also apply when a transaction is reversed because of a successful chargeback by a buyer or when a bank funded payment is reversed by the buyer’s bank.

This section describes PayPal Seller Protection as it applies to you, but you should also be familiar with the Impact of various PayPal Buyer Protection policies on sellers.

Basic requirements

To be eligible for PayPal Seller Protection, all of the following basic requirements must be met, as well as any applicable additional requirements:

    The primary address for your PayPal account must be in Italy
    The item must be a physical, tangible good that can be shipped, except for items subject to the Intangible Goods Additional Requirements. Transactions involving items that you deliver in person in connection with payment made in your physical store, may also be eligible for PayPal Seller Protection so long as the buyer paid for the transaction in-person by using a PayPal goods and services QR code.
    You must ship the item to the shipping address on the transaction details page in your PayPal account for the transaction. If you originally ship the item to the recipient's shipping address on the transaction details page but the item is later redirected to a different address, you will not be eligible for PayPal Seller Protection. We therefore recommend not using a shipping service that is arranged by the buyer, so that you will be able to provide valid proof of shipping and delivery.
        The shipping requirement does not apply to eligible transactions involving items that you deliver in person, provided, however, that you agree to provide us with alternative evidence of delivery, or such additional documentation or information relating to the transaction that we may request.
    You must respond to PayPal's requests for documentation and other information in a timely manner as requested in our email correspondence with you or in our correspondence with you through the Resolution Centre. If you do not respond to PayPal’s request for documentation and other information in the time requested, you may not be eligible for PayPal Seller Protection.
    If the sale involves pre-ordered or made-to-order goods, you must ship within the timeframe you specified in the listing. Otherwise, it is recommended that you ship all items within 7 days after receipt of payment.
    Provide proof of shipment or delivery.
    The payment must be marked “eligible” or “partially eligible” in the case of Unauthorized Transaction claims, or “eligible” in the case of Item Not Received claims, for PayPal Seller Protection on the Transaction Details page.
    You must accept a single payment from one PayPal Account for the purchase (partial payment and/or payment in installments are excluded).

PayPal determines, in its sole discretion, whether your claim qualifies for the Seller Protection program. PayPal will make a decision, in its sole discretion, based on the coverage and eligibility requirements, any information or documentation provided during the resolution process or any other information PayPal deems relevant and appropriate under the circumstances.

Item Not Received additional requirements

To be eligible for PayPal Seller Protection program for a buyer’s Item Not Received claim, you must meet both the basic requirements listed above and the additional requirements listed below:

    Where a buyer files a chargeback with the issuer for a card-funded transaction, the payment must be marked “eligible” for PayPal’s Seller Protection on the Transaction Details page.
    You must provide proof of delivery as described below.

Intangible Goods additional requirements

For the sale of intangible goods and services to be eligible for PayPal’s Seller Protection, the sale must meet the basic requirements and the following additional requirements:

    Integration requirements
    Where you have integrated a PayPal checkout product, you must be using the current version of that product if you are accepting payments directly via a website or mobile optimized website; or
    Ensure you are passing session information to PayPal at checkout if you are integrated with PayPal via a third party or if you have a native app integration.
    Other integration requirements may apply depending on your business model. We will let you know those requirements ahead of time, if needed.
    If the transaction is a payment for digital goods or licenses for digital content, you must have paid Standard Transaction Fees on the sale (this does not apply to payments for other Intangible Goods).
    Delivered the item and provide Proof of shipment or delivery for Intangible Goods.

Establishing proof of delivery or proof of shipment

Physical Goods

The following is required as:

Proof of shipment
	

Proof of delivery

Online or physical documentation from a shipping company that includes:

    Date of shipment
    An address for the recipient that matches the shipping address on the Transaction Details page, or
    An address for the recipient showing at least the city/state, city/country, or zip/postal code (or international equivalent).

	

Online or physical documentation from a shipping company that includes:

    Date of delivery and ‘delivered’ status
    An address for the recipient that matches the shipping address on the Transaction Details page
    An address for the recipient showing at least the city/state, city/country, or zip/postal code (or international equivalent).
    Signature confirmation when the full amount of the payment (including shipping and taxes) exceeds the amount (based on the currency of the payment) listed in the signature confirmation threshold table. Signature confirmation is online documentation, viewable at the shipping company’s website, indicating that the item was signed for.

IMPORTANT: Your choice of carrier and shipment options with that carrier can have a big impact on your ability to meet the proof of delivery requirements. Please ensure, especially when shipping goods internationally, that your carrier can provide ‘delivered’ status at the correct address, or your Seller Protection claim may be denied.

Intangible Goods

The following is required as proof of delivery for intangible goods:
	

QR Code Transactions

The following is required as proof of shipment or proof of delivery:

For intangible or digital goods, proof of delivery means compelling evidence to show the item was delivered or the purchase order was fulfilled. Compelling evidence could include a system of record showing the date the item was sent and that it was either:

    Electronically sent to the recipient, including the recipient’s address (email, IP, etc.), where applicable; or
    Received or accessed by the recipient

	

For QR code transactions you may be required to provide us with alternative evidence of delivery, or such additional documentation or information to the transaction.
Ineligible items and transactions

Your sale is not eligible for coverage under PayPal’s Seller Protection program if:

    The buyer claims (either with us or their card issuer) that the item you sent isn’t what was ordered (referred to as a “Significantly Not as Described” claim).
    It involves an item that PayPal determines, in its sole discretion, is a counterfeit item.
    It involves an item that you deliver in person, including in connection with a payment made in your physical store unless the buyer paid for the transaction in-person by using a PayPal goods and services QR code.
    It involves sales that are not processed either through a buyer’s PayPal account or a PayPal guest checkout transaction. For example, if the payment was received as a direct card payment (including through Zong or eTerminal (if available)), then it is not eligible for coverage.
    It involves items equivalent to cash including gift cards.
    It involves a donation.
    It relates to the purchase of a financial product or investment of any kind.
    It involves a Personal Payment.
    It involves a payment made using PayPal Payouts and Mass Pay.
    The item is a vehicle, including, but not limited to a motor vehicle, motorcycle, recreational vehicle, aircraft or boat.
    Payments made in respect of gold (whether in physical form or in exchange-traded form).

Merchant rate

Merchant rate status is subject to eligibility, application and approval by us. We may evaluate applications on a case-by-case basis, including, without limitation, on the following criteria: qualifying monthly sales volume, size of average shopping cart and an account in good standing.

To be eligible to apply for (and retain) our volume-based tiered merchant rate status your account must:

    at all times be in good standing and not under investigation; and
    have received more than the Tier 1 ceiling amount (in the original opening currency of your account) in commercial transaction payments in the previous calendar month.

We may downgrade your account to the standard rate at any time if:

    the above conditions are not met;
    there are unresolved chargebacks against the PayPal Account; or
    you breach any of our Rules about surcharging.

If we downgrade your account you will need to apply to us again for your account to get merchant rate status.

You may apply to receive the merchant rate using the dedicated online application form when logged into your account. If your application is rejected, you may only submit another application after thirty days.

Merchant rates do not apply to commercial transaction payments received through functionality provided under the terms of the PayPal Online Card Payment Services Agreement applicable to your country.

RESTRICTED ACTIVITIES AND HOLDS
Restricted Activities

In connection with your use of our websites, your PayPal account, the PayPal services, or in the course of your interactions with PayPal, other PayPal customers, or third parties, you must not:

    Breach this User Agreement, the PayPal Acceptable Use Policy, the Commercial Entity Agreements (if they apply to you), or any other agreement between you and us;
    Violate any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (for example, those governing financial services, consumer protections, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
    Infringe PayPal’s or any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy;
    Sell counterfeit goods;
    Act in a manner that is defamatory, trade libelous, threatening or harassing;
    Provide false, inaccurate or misleading information;
    Send or receive what we reasonably believe to be potentially fraudulent or unauthorized funds;
    Refuse to cooperate in an investigation or provide confirmation of your identity or any information you provide to us;
    Attempt to “double dip” during the course of a dispute by receiving or attempting to receive funds from both PayPal and the seller, bank or card issuer for the same transaction;
    Control an account that is linked to another account that has engaged in any of these restricted activities;
    Conduct your business or use the PayPal services in a manner that results in or may result in;
        complaints;
        requests by buyers (either filed with us or card issuers) to invalidate payments made to you;
        fees, fines, penalties or other liability or losses to PayPal, other PayPal customers, third parties or you;
    Use your PayPal account or the PayPal services in a manner that PayPal, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover or any other electronic funds transfer network reasonably believes to be an abuse of the card system or a violation of card association or network rules;
    Allow your PayPal account to have a balance reflecting an amount owing to us;
    Provide yourself a cash advance from your credit card (or help others to do so);
    Access the PayPal services from a country that is not included on our permitted countries list;
    Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf or the PayPal services;
    Facilitate any viruses, trojan horses, malware, worms or other computer programming routines that attempts to or may damage, disrupt, corrupt, misuse, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate, or gain unauthorized access to any system, data, information or PayPal services;
    Use an anonymizing proxy; use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our websites without our prior written permission; or use any device, software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers;
    Interfere or disrupt or attempt to interfere with or disrupt our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf, any of the PayPal services or other users’ use of any of the PayPal services;
    Take any action that may cause us to lose any of the services from our Internet service providers, payment processors, or other suppliers or service providers;
    Use the PayPal services to test credit card behaviors;
    Circumvent any PayPal policy or determinations about your PayPal account such as temporary or indefinite suspensions or other account holds, limitations or restrictions, including, but not limited to, engaging in the following actions: attempting to open new or additional PayPal account(s) when an account has a negative balance or has been restricted, suspended or otherwise limited; opening new or additional PayPal accounts using information that is not your own (e.g. name, address, email address, etc.); or using someone else’s PayPal account; or
    Harass and/or threaten our employees, agents, or other users.
    Abuse (as either a buyer or seller) of our online dispute resolution process and/or PayPal Buyer Protection;
    Cause us to receive a disproportionate number of claims that have been closed in favour of the claimant regarding your PayPal account or business;
    Have a credit score from a credit reporting agency that indicates a high level of risk associated with your use of the PayPal services;
    Use a credit card with your PayPal account to provide yourself with a cash advance (or help others to do so);
    Disclose or distribute another user’s information to a third party, or use such information for marketing purposes unless you receive the user’s express consent to do so;
    Send unsolicited email to a user or use the PayPal services to collect payments for sending, or assisting in sending, unsolicited email to third parties;
    Copy, reproduce, communicate to any third party, alter, modify, create derivative works, publicly display or frame any content from the PayPal website(s) without our or any applicable third party’s written consent;
    Reveal your account password(s) to anyone else, nor may you use anyone else's password. We are not responsible for losses incurred by you including, without limitation, the use of your account by any person other than you, arising as the result of misuse of passwords;
    Do, or omit to do, or attempt to do or omit to do, any other act or thing which may interfere with the proper operation of the PayPal service or activities carried out as part of PayPal services or otherwise than in accordance with the terms of this User Agreement;
    Request or send a personal transaction payment for a commercial transaction;
    Allow your use of the PayPal service to present to PayPal a risk of non-compliance with PayPal’s anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing and similar regulatory obligations (including, without limitation, where we cannot verify your identity or you fail to complete the steps to lift your sending, receiving or withdrawal limit or where you expose PayPal to the risk of any regulatory fines by European, US or other authorities for processing your transactions);
    Integrate or use any of the PayPal services without fully complying with all mandatory requirements communicated to you by way of any integration or programmers’ guide or other documentation issued by PayPal from time to time;
    Advertise, promote, introduce or describe PayPal Credit or any PayPal co-branded credit based payment instrument to your customers without: (1) obtaining the necessary regulatory permission to do so in advance; and (2) the prior written permission of PayPal and (if not PayPal) the issuer of the credit to do so;
    Suffer (or cause us to determine that there is a reasonable likelihood of) a security breach of your website or systems that could result in the unauthorized disclosure of customer information.

You agree that engaging in the above restricted activities diminishes your or our other customers’ safe access and/or use of your account and our services generally.

Actions We May Take if You Engage in Any Restricted Activities

If we believe that you’ve engaged in any of these activities, we may take a number of actions to protect PayPal, its customers and others at any time in our sole discretion. The actions we may take include, but are not limited to, the following: Terminate this User Agreement, limit your account, and/or close or suspend your account, immediately and without penalty to us; Refuse to provide the PayPal services to you in the future; At any time and without liability, suspend, limit or terminate your access to our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf, your PayPal account or any of the PayPal services, including limiting your ability to pay or send money with any of the payment methods linked to your PayPal account, restricting your ability to send money or make withdrawals; Hold your money to the extent and for so long as reasonably needed to protect against the risk of liability. You acknowledge that, as a non-exhaustive guide:

    PayPal’s risk of liability in respect of card-funded payments that you receive can last until the risk of a chargeback closing in favour of the payer/buyer (as determined by card scheme rules) has passed. This depends on certain factors, including, without limitation:
        The type of goods or services for which you receive payment; or
        The timeframe for delivery of the goods or performance of the services for which you receive payment (e.g. sales of event tickets months in advance of the event date can present a higher and more enduring risk of chargebacks than sales of most other items or services);
    PayPal’s risk of liability in respect of a claim or dispute arising from a payment that you receive can last for the time that it takes for the parties to close the claim or dispute and all appeals associated with that claim or dispute in accordance with PayPal Buyer Protection
    PayPal’s risk of liability in respect of any event of insolvency that you suffer can last for as long as and to the extent that laws applicable to your insolvency restrict PayPal from taking legal action against you; and
    If you allow your PayPal account to have a balance reflecting an amount owing to PayPal, PayPal’s risk of liability can last for the time and to the extent that you owe that amount to PayPal.

    Block your PayPal account and/or hold any funds in the reserve account (including, without limitation, for more than 180 days if so required by PayPal, where PayPal’s rights arise from your engagement in the restricted activity);
    Refuse any particular payment transaction at any time for any reason and will only be required to make available the fact of the refusal and the reasons for the refusal and how you may resolve the problem, where possible, upon request and provided it is not prohibited by law;
    Reverse a payment (including, if appropriate, to the sender’s funding source);
    Take legal action against you.
    Suspend your eligibility for Buyer Protection and/or Seller Protection (including in retrospect);
    Contact third parties and disclose details of the restricted activities in the manner set out in our Privacy Statement;
    Request or update inaccurate information you provided us;
    Request information or documents from you in order to verify your identity and/or with regard to the goods or services you provided based on a transaction;
    If you’ve violated our Acceptable Use Policy, then you’re also responsible for damages to PayPal caused by your violation of this policy.

If you use your PayPal account primarily for the purposes of your trade, business, craft or profession and you violate the Acceptable Use Policy, then:

    in addition to being subject to the above actions you will be liable to PayPal for the amount of PayPal's damages caused by your violation of the Acceptable Use Policy;

    you acknowledge and agree that USD 2,500.00 (or the prevailing equivalent in the currency of the country in which you reside) per violation of the Acceptable Use Policy is:
        a reasonable minimum estimate of PayPal's actual damages considering all currently existing circumstances, including the relationship of the sum to the range of harm to PayPal that reasonably could be anticipated;
        reasonable and proportionate in its application to the provision of the Services to you; and
        necessary, but no more than sufficient, to protect PayPal’s legitimate interest in your compliance with the Acceptable Use Policy; and
    PayPal may deduct such damages directly from any existing balance in any PayPal account you control.

Please also see the section below on Your liability.

Unless otherwise directed by us, you must not use or attempt to use your account while it is suspended or has been closed. You must ensure that all agreements with sellers or other third parties that involve third party initiated payments (including billing agreement payments) set up from your account are cancelled immediately upon the termination, suspension or closure of your account. You remain liable under this user agreement in respect of all charges and other amounts incurred through the use of your account at any time, irrespective of termination, suspension or closure.

Holds, Limitations, and Reserves
What are holds, limitations and reserves?

Under certain circumstances, in order to protect PayPal and the security and integrity of the network of buyers and sellers that use the PayPal services, PayPal may take account-level or transaction-level actions. If we take any of the actions described here, we will normally notify you of our actions, but we may, if it is reasonable to do so (for example if you are in breach of this User Agreement or we consider it advisable for security reasons), take any of these actions without prior notice to you.

To request information in connection with an account limitation, hold or reserve, you should visit the Resolution Centre or follow the instructions in our email notice with respect to the limitation, hold or reserve.

You acknowledge and agree that any funds held under this User Agreement may be placed in your reserve account and that you will provide to us any information as we may reasonably request to allow us to determine whether the risk has passed.

Holds

A hold is an action that PayPal may take under certain circumstances either at the transaction level or the account level. When PayPal places a hold on a payment amount, the money is not available to either the sender or the recipient. PayPal reviews many factors before placing a hold on a payment, including: account tenure, transaction activity, business type, past customer disputes, and overall customer satisfaction. Some common situations where PayPal will hold payments include where we have reason to believe that:

    Transactions are higher risk, this can be where the transaction involves the sale of goods or services in a high risk category, or other facts known to us typically resulting in an increased number of chargebacks, other claims or disputes or to be often involved in fraud or illegal activity;
    There is a sudden and abnormal change in a PayPal account holder’s selling activity including an increase in the number of chargebacks, reversals, or buyer complaints received in relation to such PayPal account;
    Any PayPal account is being used in relation to restricted activities;
    A PayPal account involved in the transaction may have been compromised, or that stolen financial details (bank or credit card) are used for the payment, or otherwise a transaction has not been properly authorised;
    A user is trying to send or withdraw funds they received fraudulently;
    A user has not provided sufficient Information to us to enable us to verify their identity or the identity of their business and/or the user has a limited trading history with PayPal;
    A payment sent to you as a seller is challenged as a payment that should be invalidated and reversed.
    Your buyer files a chargeback, reversal or PayPal Buyer Protection claim on a payment you received.
    Your buyer files a claim under a marketplace's resolution process.
    There is a risk of reversal of funds in your account to your funding source.
    There is a risk of liability (a non-exhaustive list of examples of such risk is set out in the section Actions We May Take If You Engage In Any Restricted Activities above).

Payment review

When we identify a potentially high-risk transaction, we review the transaction more closely before allowing it to proceed. This may be because we have the reasonable suspicion that the payer’s PayPal account is being used in relation to restricted activities or for other reasons as determined by us in our reasonable discretion. This may include where there is a risk of liability (a non-exhaustive list of examples of such risk is set out in the section Actions We May Take If You Engage In Any Restricted Activities above).

If a payment is subject to payment review, we may:

    execute the payment order initiated by the buyer;
    in our discretion, immediately upon such execution restrict the payer’s account;
    place a hold on the payment [in the payer’s account]; and/or
    notify the recipient to delay the delivery of the purchase paid for by the payment.

As a buyer, this may delay your receipt of the item you purchased. If we clear the transaction, we will notify the seller and direct them to ship the item.

If we don’t clear the transaction, we will cancel it and return the funds to you, unless we are legally required to take other action.

All payments that complete payment review are still subject to being reversed under the terms of this User Agreement but will be Seller Protection eligible if they meet the Seller Protection requirements. PayPal will provide notices to you by email and/or in the transaction history tab of your PayPal account. A payment subject to payment review is a review of the payment only and is implemented to reduce the risk of PayPal users receiving high risk transactions. A payment subject to payment review is neither a review nor a representation by PayPal as to the commercial dealings, character or reputation of a party to the payment transaction and should not be considered as a lessening of the respect of any person.

Holds related to your instructions

Certain PayPal functionality may allow you (whether directly or via someone you permit to act on your behalf, like an online marketplace platform on which you transact as a seller) to instruct us to hold your funds (including the proceeds of payments you receive using PayPal) in your reserve account.

In such a case we will show you the availability status of those funds in your balance – the status descriptions may differ according to the functionality you used to instruct us to place the hold. We will release the hold on the funds according to the instruction that you (or the entity that you have permitted to act on your behalf) give to us, subject to the rest of this User Agreement.

Account Limitations

Limitations are implemented to help protect PayPal, buyers and sellers when we notice restricted activities, an increased financial risk, or activity that appears to us as unusual or suspicious. Limitations also help us collect information necessary for keeping your PayPal account open.

There are several reasons why your PayPal account could be limited, including where we have reason to believe that: Someone could be using your PayPal account without your knowledge, then we’ll limit it for your protection and look into the fraudulent activity.
    Someone has used your card or bank account without your permission, for example if your debit or credit card issuer or bank alerts us to this.
    You have breached this User Agreement or violated the Acceptable Use Policy.
    Your performance as a seller indicate your PayPal account is high risk. Examples include: indications of poor selling performance because you’ve received an unusually high number of claims and chargebacks, selling an entirely new or high-cost product type, or if your typical sales volume increases rapidly.
    There is a risk of liability (a non-exhaustive list of examples of such risk is set out in the section Actions We May Take If You Engage In Any Restricted Activities above).

We may also limit your PayPal account in order to comply with applicable law.

You will need to resolve any issues with your account before a limitation can be removed. Normally, this is done after you provide us with the information we request. However, if we reasonably believe a risk still exists after you have provided us that information, we may take action to protect PayPal, our users, a third party, or you from reversals, fees, fines, penalties, legal and/or regulatory risks and any other liability.

Reserves

We may place a reserve on your PayPal account at any time if we believe there may be a high level of risk associated with you, your PayPal account, your business model, or your transactions. When we place a reserve on your PayPal account, it means that all or some portion of the funds in your PayPal account is reserved as unavailable for withdrawal in order to protect against the risk of transactions made by you being reversed or invalidated or any other risk related to your PayPal account or use of the PayPal services. We make decisions about whether to place a reserve based on a number of factors, including information available to us from both internal sources and from third parties.

PayPal considers a list of non-exclusive factors and whether and how these factors have changed over time, including:

    How long you have been in business.
    Whether your industry has a higher likelihood of chargebacks.
    Your payment processing history with PayPal and other providers.
    Your business and/or personal credit history.
    Your delivery time frames.
    Whether you have higher than average number of returns, chargebacks, claims or disputes.

There are two types of reserves that may be placed on your PayPal account, and one or both may be applied at the same time:

    A “rolling reserve” is a reserve where a percentage of each transaction you receive each day is held and then released later on a scheduled basis. For example, your reserve could be set at 10% and held for a 90-day rolling period – meaning 10% of the money you receive on day 1 is held and then released on day 91, 10% of the money you receive on day 2 is held until day 92, etc. Rolling reserves are the most common type of reserve.
    A “minimum reserve” is a specific minimum amount of funds that you’re required to keep available in your balance at all times. The minimum reserve is either taken as an upfront amount deposited all at once or is established on a rolling basis from percentages of sales until the minimum reserve is achieved, much like a rolling reserve.

If we place a reserve on funds in your PayPal account, the money will be moved to your reserve account and shown as “pending” and we’ll notify you about it.

If we change the reserve due to a change in our risk assessment, we’ll notify you about it as well.

You will undertake, at your own expense, any further action required to establish a reserve or other form of security in a manner reasonably determined by us. This can involve executing any necessary documents and registering any form of document reasonably required by us to allow us to perfect any form of security interest.

RESOLVING PROBLEMS

We strongly recommend that you monitor your account closely on a regular basis.
If you find a problem…

If you have any reason to believe that there is a problem with your account or our service, follow these steps:
Step 1: Take a few moments to identify the type of problem:

    Unexpected billing agreement payment

    This is where you entered into a billing agreement but a payment was sent from your account to another PayPal account under that billing agreement where:
        you didn’t agree with the recipient in advance the exact payment amount; and
        the payment amount ended up being more than you could reasonably have expected to pay based on previous charges and the other circumstances.

    Incorrect payment

    This is where a payment sent from your account to another PayPal account was not sent as you specified when you asked us to make it (e.g. for the wrong amount, delayed, wrong recipient) or you received such a payment.

    Security / Fraud problem
        Unauthorised payment

        This is where a payment sent from your account wasn’t authorised by you (or anyone who’s authorised to make payments for you).
        Another type of security / fraud problem

        This is where there was another security or fraud problem, such as:
            there was some other unauthorised access to your account.
            your password or PIN was compromised.
            a device you have used to access our services was lost, stolen or deactivated.

        Follow the steps in the section “What to do in case of a security problem” in the Key Payment and Service Information as soon as possible before contacting us.

    Another type of problem

    This is where there was another type of problem with your account or with our service which is not mentioned above. For instance, we may have made a factual, computational or mathematical error related to your PayPal when you added money to or withdrew money from your PayPal account.

    If a purchase that you paid for with PayPal was not as described or you have not received the purchase, the PayPal Buyer Protection Policy, not this section, may apply. Please see the PayPal Buyer Protection Policy for how to deal with these particular problems.

Step 2: Tell us about the problem

Contact us as soon as possible to tell us about the problem (including the type of problem you are contacting us about so that we can help you as quickly as we can).

You must give us all the information we reasonably request as to the circumstances of the problem and take all reasonable steps we request to assist us in our investigation.

If you tell us about your problem orally, we may require that you report your problem in writing within 10 Business Days after that.

We may provide third parties with information we consider relevant in such circumstances in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

How we will help...

Subject to the rest of this User Agreement, we aim to investigate the problem and work with you to resolve it within 60 days. In addition, if your problem is:

    an unexpected billing agreement payment, within 10 Business Days after telling us about it we will either:
        reimburse you for the payment amount; or
        explain why we cannot reimburse you.

    an incorrect payment to another Paypal account, we will:
        make immediate efforts to trace the payment and notify you of the outcome without charge to you;
        compensate you as soon as possible (and in any event no later than the end of the Business Day after you tell us about the problem) by putting your account in the state it would have been in had the incorrect payment been sent as actually specified by the sender. This means:
            If the incorrect payment resulted in you having less money than you would have had if the payment had been made as actually specified, we will credit your account for the difference.
            If the incorrect payment resulted in you having more money than you would have had if the payment had been made as actually specified, we may debit the extra funds from your account.
        reimburse you in your account for your losses or damages directly and reasonably foreseeably caused by the incorrect payment.

    an unauthorised payment to another PayPal account, as soon as possible (and in any event no later than the end of the Business Day after you tell us about the problem) we will put your account back to where it would have been had the payment never happened. This can include a reimbursement of your payment.

When we can’t compensate you...

You are not entitled to any financial compensation from us as outlined above and you will owe to us (and we may reverse from your account) any compensation you have already received from us if:

    You do not give us all the information we reasonably requested as to the circumstances of the problem (including, if you tell us about your problem orally, you fail to comply with our request that you tell us about your problem in writing within 10 Business Days);
    You do not take all reasonable steps that we request to assist us in our investigation;
    We can show that you acted fraudulently;
    We can show that circumstances beyond our control (such as fire or flood or loss of internet connection) caused the problem, despite our reasonable precautions;
    We have reason to believe otherwise that there is no problem which entitles you to compensation; or
    In respect of the following specific problems:

Unexpected billing agreement payment
	

Incorrect payment
	

Unauthorised payment

It takes you longer than 8 weeks after the payment was made to tell us about the problem; or

You agreed for us to make your payment and the details were made available to you by us or the merchant at least 4 weeks before the payment was made.
	

It takes you longer than 13 months after the payment was made to tell us about the problem; or

We can show that you gave us the wrong payment details; or

We can show that the payment was sent as the payer specified when the payer asked us to make it; or

Through no fault of ours, you did not have enough PayPal balance to complete the payment; or

We can show our system was not working properly and you knew about the breakdown when you started the transaction; or

A delay which you claimed caused the incorrect payment actually resulted from PayPal applying a hold, limitation or reserve under this User Agreement
	

It takes you longer than 13 months after the payment was made to tell us about the problem; or

We can show that the payment was made because you did not keep your account safe either intentionally or with gross negligence (for instance, you very carelessly chose to share your PayPal ID and/or password/PIN with someone else); or

There was another security /fraud problem and you didn’t tell us about it. We will not pay you compensation for any unauthorised payments made from your account before you told us about that problem.

Sometimes we might spot the problem first. If we need to notify you about the problem, we will ordinarily do so through the Secure Messaging Centre, which you need to log into your account to access. If you should take action urgently, we may also use other means such as email to request action.

If a payment was made from us to your funding source by way of mistake, we may correct the mistake by debiting or crediting (as the case may be) your appropriate funding source(s).

Complaints
Reporting disputes between you and PayPal regarding our services

Contact us to report disputes between you and PayPal regarding our services.

If a dispute arises between you and PayPal, our goal is to learn about and address your concerns and, if we are unable to do so to your satisfaction, to provide you with a neutral and cost-effective means of resolving the dispute quickly.
If you’re not happy with the outcome of the complaint process...

If the outcome of any complaint about our services, after completing the complaint escalation process, is not to your satisfaction, you can escalate it by contacting one of the following:

    European Consumer Centre (ECC-Net). You may obtain further information regarding the ECC-Net and how to contact them at (https://ec.europa.eu/info/live-work-travel-eu/consumers/resolve-your-consumer-complaint/european-consumer-centres-network_en).
    Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF). The CSSF is the authority responsible for the prudential supervision of companies in the financial sector in Luxembourg, like us. You can contact the CSSF at 283 Route d’Arlon, L-1150 Luxembourg. You may obtain further information regarding the CSSF and how to contact them at: https://www.cssf.lu or by visiting the EU’s Online Dispute Resolution site at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.

Other Legal Terms
Communications Between You and Us
Contact us

You can contact us by:

    writing to us by post at our head office: PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. Attention: Legal Department, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg; or
    visiting our Contact Us page where you can:
        click the "Email Us" link to contact us online; or
        click the “Call Us” link for our telephone number if you want to call us.

You must send legal notices in connection with this User Agreement to us by postal mail.

Notices to you

You agree that we may provide notice or other information to you by posting it on the PayPal website(s) (including the posting of information which is only accessed by you by logging into your account), emailing it to the email address listed in your account, mailing it to the street address listed in your account, calling you by phone, or sending you a “text” / SMS message. You must have internet access and an e-mail account to receive communications and information relating to our services. With the exception of amendments to this User Agreement, such notice shall be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time it is posted to the PayPal website(s) or emailed to you. If the notice is sent by mail, we will consider it to have been received by you three Business Days after it is sent. We reserve the right to close your PayPal account if you withdraw your consent to receive electronic communications.
Disclosure of reasons for our actions

Our decision about holds, limitations, reserves and any other actions we take under this User Agreement whether they restrict or extend your access to our service, our infrastructure, our websites, our software or our systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of our services) whether operated by us or on our behalf (including, without limitation, any blockages, limitations, suspensions, terminations, holds and reserves) may be based on confidential criteria that are essential to our management of risk and the protection of PayPal, our customers and/or service providers. We may use proprietary fraud and risk modeling when assessing the risk associated with your PayPal account. In addition, we may be restricted by regulation or a governmental authority from disclosing certain information to you about such decisions. We have no obligation to disclose the details of our risk management or security procedures to you.

Our Rights
Security interest

To secure your performance of this User Agreement, you grant to us a legal claim against the funds in your PayPal account as security for any amount you may owe to us. This is known in legal terms as a “lien” on and “security interest” in your PayPal account.

Your liability

You are responsible for all reversals, chargebacks, claims, fees, fines, penalties and other liability incurred by PayPal, any PayPal user, or any third party caused by or arising out of your breach of this User Agreement and/or your use of PayPal services irrespective of termination, suspension or closure You agree to reimburse PayPal, a user, or a third party for any and all such liability.

Reimbursement for your liability

You agree that we may set off any of the amounts held in accounts held or controlled by you with any fees, charges or other amounts you owe us and any such amounts you owe to our affiliates as defined in the Indemnification and Limitation of Liability section below (including, without limitation, in respect of any services provided by any such affiliate). In simple terms, our right to set off means that we may deduct such fees, charges or other amounts mentioned in this section from a balance in a PayPal account held or controlled by you.

If there are insufficient funds in your balance to cover your liability, we reserve the right to collect the amount you owe us by deducting the amount (or any part of it) from any payments received in or money you add to your PayPal account. Otherwise you agree to reimburse us through other means. We may also recover amounts you owe us through legal means, including, without limitation, through the use of a debt collection agency.

Assumption of rights

If PayPal invalidates and reverses a payment that you made to a recipient (either at your initiative or otherwise), you agree that PayPal assumes your rights against the recipient and third parties related to the payment, and may pursue those rights directly or on your behalf, in PayPal’s discretion. This is known in legal terms as your “subrogation” or “assignment” to PayPal of your rights against the recipient and third parties related to the payment.

No waiver

Our failure to act with respect to a breach of any of your obligations under this User Agreement by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.

Information about you

We may request information from you as we reasonably require to facilitate our actions described in this user agreement, enable us to reduce the risk of fraud or comply with our regulatory (including anti-money laundering) obligations. You must comply with these requests in a timely fashion. This may involve you faxing, emailing or otherwise providing to us at your own expense identification documents and information about your finance and operations (such as your most recent financial statements and merchant processing statements).

Indemnification and Limitation of Liability

In this section and the Intellectual Property section, we use the term “PayPal” to refer to us (PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.), our parent PayPal Holdings, Inc., our affiliates, and anybody who works for us or them or who is authorised to act on our or their behalf. Our affiliates include each entity that we control, we are controlled by or we are under common control with. Anybody who works for us or our affiliates or who is authorised to act on our or their behalf includes each of our or their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, joint venturers, service providers and suppliers.

Indemnification

You must indemnify PayPal for actions related to your PayPal account and your use of the PayPal services.

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold PayPal harmless from any claim or demand (including reasonable legal fees) made or incurred by any third party due to or arising out of:

    your breach of this User Agreement;
    your improper use of the PayPal services;
    your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; and/or
    the actions or inactions of any third party to whom you grant permissions to use your PayPal account or access our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf, or any of the PayPal services on your behalf.

Limitation of liability

PayPal’s liability is limited with respect to your PayPal account and your use of the PayPal services. In no event shall PayPal be liable for: direct or indirect lost profits; or any special, incidental or consequential damages (including without limitation damages for loss of data or loss of business), arising out of or in connection with our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf, any of the PayPal services, or this User Agreement (however arising, including negligence), unless and to the extent prohibited by law.

Our liability to: you; or any third parties, in any circumstance is limited to the actual amount of direct damages (excluding direct loss of profits), unless and to the extent prohibited by law.

In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, PayPal is not liable, and you agree not to hold PayPal responsible, for any damages or losses (including, but not limited to, loss of money, goodwill, or reputation, profits, or other intangible losses or any special, indirect, or consequential damages) resulting directly or indirectly from: your use of, or your inability to use, our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf, or any of the PayPal services; delays or disruptions in our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf and any of the PayPal services; viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf or any of the PayPal services or any website or service linked to our websites, software or any of the PayPal services; glitches, bugs, errors, or inaccuracies of any kind in our websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf or any of the PayPal services or in the information and graphics obtained from them; the content, actions, or inactions of third parties; a suspension or other action taken with respect to your PayPal account; and/or your need to modify your practices, content, or behavior, or your loss of or inability to do business, as a result of changes to this User Agreement or PayPal’s policies.

No warranty

The PayPal services are provided “as-is” and without any representation or warranty, whether express, implied or statutory. PayPal specifically disclaims any implied warranties of:

    title;
    merchantability;
    fitness for a particular purpose; and
    non-infringement.

PayPal does not have any control over the products or services provided by sellers who accept PayPal as a payment method, and PayPal cannot ensure that a buyer or a seller you are dealing with will actually complete the transaction or is authorised to do so.

PayPal does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to any part of the PayPal services.

Operation of our websites, software, or systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any of the PayPal services) operated by us or on our behalf may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control.

PayPal will make reasonable efforts to ensure that requests for electronic debits and credits involving bank accounts, debit cards, credit cards, and cheque issuances are processed in a timely manner but PayPal makes no representations or warranties regarding the amount of time needed to complete processing because the PayPal services are dependent upon many factors outside of our control, such as delays in the banking system or international mail service.

Some countries do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you.

We cannot guarantee the accuracy of information contained in our correspondence, reports, on the website(s) and given verbally by our directors, officers and staff in all circumstances and contexts, and no reliance should be placed on such information by you.

You must check all correspondence between us carefully and tell us as soon as possible if it includes something which appears to you to be wrong or not made in accordance with your instructions.

Release of PayPal

If you have a dispute with any other PayPal account holder, you release PayPal from any and all:

    claims;
    demands; and
    damages (actual and consequential),

of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.

In entering into this release you expressly waive any protections that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favour at the time of agreeing to this release.

You alone (not PayPal) are responsible for understanding and complying with any and all laws, rules and regulations of your specific jurisdiction that may be applicable to you in connection with your use of our services (for example, in relation to regulated activity, licensed activity, export or import activity, taxes or foreign currency transactions).

Intellectual Property

PayPal’s trademarks

"PayPal.com," "PayPal," and all logos related to the PayPal services are either trademarks or registered trademarks of PayPal or PayPal’s licensors. You may not copy, imitate, modify or use them without PayPal’s prior written consent. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of PayPal. You may not copy, imitate, modify or use them without our prior written consent. You may use HTML logos provided by PayPal for the purpose of directing web traffic to the PayPal services. You may not alter, modify or change these HTML logos in any way, use them in a manner that mischaracterises “PayPal” or the PayPal services or display them in any manner that implies PayPal's sponsorship or endorsement. All right, title and interest in and to the PayPal websites, any content thereon, the PayPal services, the technology related to the PayPal services, and any and all technology and any content created or derived from any of the foregoing is the exclusive property of PayPal and its licensors.
License grants, generally

If you are using PayPal software such as an API, developer's toolkit or other software application, which may include software provided by or integrated with software, systems or services of our service providers, that you have downloaded or otherwise accessed through a web or mobile platform, then PayPal grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free limited license to access and/or use PayPal’s software in accordance with the documentation accompanying such software. This license grant applies to the software and all updates, upgrades, new versions and replacement software. You may not rent, lease or otherwise transfer your rights in the software to a third party. You must comply with the implementation, access and use requirements contained in all documentation accompanying the PayPal services. If you do not comply with implementation, access and use requirements you will be liable for all resulting damages suffered by you, PayPal and third parties. PayPal may update or discontinue any software upon notice to you. While PayPal may have (1) integrated certain third party materials and technology into any web or other application, including its software, and/or (2) accessed and used certain third party materials and technology to facilitate providing you with the PayPal Services, you have not been granted and do not otherwise retain any rights in or to any such third party materials. You agree not to modify, alter, tamper with, repair, copy, reproduce, adapt, distribute, display, publish, reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to create any source code that is derived from the software or any third party materials or technology, or otherwise create any derivative works from any of the software or third party materials or technology. You acknowledge that all rights, title and interest to PayPal’s software are owned by PayPal and any third-party materials integrated therein are owned PayPal’s third party service providers. Any other third-party software application you use on PayPal’s websites is subject to the license you agreed to with the third party that provides you with this software. You acknowledge that PayPal does not own, control nor have any responsibility or liability for any such third party software application you elect to use on any of our websites, software and/or in connection with the PayPal services.

License grant from you to PayPal; intellectual property warranties

PayPal does not claim ownership of the content that you provide, upload, submit or send to PayPal. Nor does PayPal claim ownership of the content you host on third-party websites or applications that use PayPal services to provide payments services related to your content. Subject to the next paragraph, when you provide content to the PayPal companies or post content using PayPal services, you grant PayPal (and parties that we work with) a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, and worldwide license to use your content and associated intellectual property and publicity rights to help us improve, operate and promote our current services and develop new ones. PayPal will not compensate you for any of your content. You acknowledge that PayPal’s use of your content will not infringe any intellectual property or publicity rights. Further, you acknowledge and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights of the content you provide, and you agree to waive your moral rights and promise not to assert such rights against PayPal.

License grant from sellers to PayPal

Notwithstanding the provisions of the prior paragraph, if you are a seller using the PayPal services to accept payments for goods and services, you hereby grant PayPal a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), and royalty-free, fully paid-up, right to use and display publicly, during the term of this User Agreement, your trademark(s) (including but not limited to registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, domain names and other designations owned, licensed to or used by you) for the purpose of (1) identifying you as a merchant that accepts a PayPal service as a payment form, and (2) any other use to which you specifically consent.

Miscellaneous

Assignment

You may not transfer or assign any rights or obligations you have under this User Agreement without PayPal’s prior written consent. PayPal may transfer or assign this User Agreement or any right or obligation under this User Agreement at any time.

Governing law

This User Agreement and the relationship between us is governed by the laws of England and Wales.

However, if you are a consumer, nothing in this Agreement shall deprive you of the protection granted by the provisions of Italian law which are mandatory (in particular those defining consumer rights).

For complaints that cannot be resolved otherwise between us and merchants, the latter submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the provision of our Services without prejudice to the right of the merchant to also initiate a proceeding against PayPal in that context before the competent courts of and in Luxembourg.

The above is written without prejudice to PayPal's right to bring a claim or file for interim measures before the competent Italian Court for the recovery of the fees due by merchants.

In respect of any and all disputes with consumers, the mandatory rules on jurisdiction and applicable law shall apply. The court of the place or residence or domicile of the consumer shall have jurisdiction for any claim concerning consumers.

Privacy

Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Please review our Privacy Statement in order to better understand our commitment to maintaining your privacy, as well as our use and disclosure of your information.
Languages and translation of agreement

We will communicate with you in Italian only.

This User Agreement is concluded in Italian only. Any translation of this User Agreement is provided solely for your convenience and is not intended to modify the terms of this User Agreement.
Your use of information; Data protection laws

If you receive information about another PayPal customer, you must keep the information confidential and only use it in connection with the PayPal services. You may not disclose or distribute any information about PayPal users to a third party or use the information for marketing purposes unless you receive that user’s express consent to do so. You may not send unsolicited emails to a PayPal customer or use the PayPal services to collect payments for sending, or assist in sending, unsolicited emails to third parties.

To the extent that you (as a seller) process any personal data about a PayPal customer pursuant to this User Agreement, you agree to comply with the requirements of any applicable privacy and data protection laws. You have your own, independently determined privacy policy, notices and procedures for any such personal data that you hold as a data controller, including a record of your activities related to processing of personal data under this User Agreement.

The privacy and data protection laws that may apply include any associated regulations, regulatory requirements and codes of practice applicable to the provision of the services described in this User Agreement. If you process personal data from Europe pursuant to this User Agreement, you must comply with the EU Directive 95/46 EC or the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR).

In complying with such laws, you will:

    implement and maintain all appropriate security measures for the processing of personal data;
    maintain a record of all processing activities carried out under this User Agreement; and
    not knowingly do anything or permit anything to be done which might lead to a breach of any privacy data protection laws by PayPal.

Complete agreement and third party rights

This User Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and us with respect to our service.

If any provision of this User Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.

A person who is not a party to this User Agreement has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to rely upon or enforce any term of this User Agreement (except for the third parties falling under the definition of “PayPal” in the Indemnification and Limitation of Liability section above, in respect of their rights as specified in this User Agreement) but this does not affect any right or remedy of third parties which exists or is available apart from that act.
PayPal as Login Method

We may allow you to authenticate with PayPal when you log into certain external websites or mobile apps. If we do so, we may share your login status with any third party enabling you to log in in this way, as well as the personal and other account information that you consent to being shared so that the third party can recognise you. PayPal will not give the third party access to your account and will only make payments from your account to that third party with your specific authorisation and instruction.

If you enable visitors to authenticate with PayPal when they log into your website, app, or your customer accounts, you must agree to any specific terms applicable when this functionality is made available to you, and comply with any specifications in any integration manual or guideline. We do not guarantee or otherwise represent the identity of any user of this login method. We will not share with you the personal and other account information of the user (including login status) held by PayPal unless the user has consented to our disclosure of that information to you.
Corporate customers

When we refer to “PSD2” in this section we mean the Second EU Payment Services Directive ((EU)2015/2366).

We consider you to be a “Corporate Customer” if, on the date you entered into this User Agreement, you are not:

    a consumer, (being an individual acting for purposes other than a trade, business or profession); and
    a micro-enterprise (being an enterprise which employs fewer than 10 persons and has an annual balance sheet that does not exceed 2 million EUR).

We may disapply certain provisions of PSD2 for your use of our service if you are a Corporate Customer.

If you are a Corporate Customer:

    you are not entitled to a refund for billing agreement payments;
    where you identify a problem you have up to 60 (sixty) days from the date on which the problem happened to notify us about it, after which time we have no obligation to investigate and refund you;
    we are not obliged to comply with the information requirements set out in Title III of PSD2 and their equivalents in any implementation of PSD2 in member states of the European Economic Area that may apply to you (“PSD2 transpositions”); and
    articles 72 and 89 of PSD2 and equivalent provisions in PSD2 transpositions do not apply to your use of our service, meaning that, even where we may say so otherwise in this User Agreement, we are not liable to you for the losses or damage you may suffer under those articles and provisions.

    © 1999–2020
    Privacy
    Accordi legali


Terms of service
Thank you for using Pinterest!
These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use of the Pinterest website, apps, APIs, and widgets (“Pinterest” or the “Service”). Please read these Terms carefully, and contact us if you have any questions. By accessing or using Pinterest, you agree to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy Policy, our Cookies Policy and our Community Guidelines.

More simply put
Every company has its terms. These are ours.

1. Our service
Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love. To do that, we show you things we think will be relevant, interesting and personal to you based on your onsite and offsite activity. To provide our Service, we need to be able to identify you and your interests. Some of the things we show you are promoted by advertisers. As part of our service we try to ensure that even promoted content is relevant and interesting to you. You can identify promoted content because it will be clearly labelled.

More simply put
Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love. It’s customized to you. We need to know what you like to make everything on Pinterest relevant to you.

2. Using Pinterest
a. Who can use Pinterest
You may use Pinterest only if you can legally form a binding contract with Pinterest, and only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws. When you create your Pinterest account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information. Any use or access by anyone under the age of 13 is not allowed. If you’re based in the EEA, you may only use Pinterest if you are over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing under the laws of your country or if verifiable parental consent for your use of Pinterest has been provided to us. Using Pinterest may include downloading software to your computer, phone, tablet, or other device. You agree that we may automatically update that software, and these Terms will apply to any updates.

b. Our license to you
Subject to these Terms and our policies (including our Community Guidelines), we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our Service.

c. Commercial use of Pinterest
If you want to use Pinterest for commercial purposes you must create a business account and agree to our Business Terms of Service. If you do open an account for a company, organization, or other entity, then "you" includes you and that entity, and you promise that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms and bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity's behalf.

More simply put
You cannot use Pinterest if you're under 13 (or older in some countries). Also, if you are using Pinterest for work, you need to set up a business account.

3. Your content
a. Posting content
Pinterest allows you to post content, including photos, comments, links, and other materials. Anything that you post or otherwise make available on Pinterest is referred to as "User Content." You retain all rights in, and are solely responsible for, the User Content you post to Pinterest.

More simply put
If you post your content on Pinterest, it still belongs to you.

b. How Pinterest and other users can use your content
You grant Pinterest and our users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your User Content on Pinterest solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using Pinterest. Nothing in these Terms restricts other legal rights Pinterest may have to User Content, for example under other licenses. We reserve the right to remove or modify User Content, or change the way it’s used in Pinterest, for any reason. This includes User Content that we believe violates these Terms, our Community Guidelines, or any other policies.

More simply put
If you post your content on Pinterest, we can show it to people and others can save it. Don't post porn or spam or be a jerk to other people on Pinterest. 

c. How long we keep your content
Following termination or deactivation of your account, or if you remove any User Content from Pinterest, we may keep your User Content for a reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes. Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, re-pin, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute any of your User Content that other users have stored or shared on Pinterest.

More simply put
If you choose to post content, you give us permission to use it to provide and improve Pinterest. Copies of content shared with others may remain even after you delete the content from your account.
 

d. Feedback you provide
We value hearing from our users, and are always interested in learning about ways we can make Pinterest more awesome. If you choose to submit comments, ideas or feedback, you agree that we are free to use them without any restriction or compensation to you. By accepting your submission, Pinterest doesn’t waive any rights to use similar or related feedback previously known to Pinterest, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

More simply put
We can use your suggestions to make Pinterest better.

4. Copyright policy
Pinterest has adopted and implemented the Pinterest Copyright Policy in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable copyright laws. For more information, please read our Copyright Policy. 

More simply put
We respect copyrights. You should, too.

5. Security
We care about the security of our users. While we work to protect the security of your content and account, Pinterest can’t guarantee that unauthorized third parties won’t be able to defeat our security measures. We ask that you keep your password secure. Please notify us immediately of any compromise or unauthorized use of your account.

More simply put
You can help us fight spammers by keeping these security tips in mind.

6. Third party links, sites, and services
Pinterest may contain links to third party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Pinterest. We don’t endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third party sites, information, materials, products, or services. If you access any third party website, service, or content from Pinterest, you do so at your own risk and you agree that Pinterest has no liability arising from your use of or access to any third party website, service, or content.

More simply put
Pinterest has links to content off of Pinterest. Most of that stuff is awesome, but we're not responsible when it's not.

7. Termination
Pinterest may terminate or suspend your right to access or use Pinterest for any reason on appropriate notice. We may terminate or suspend your access immediately and without notice if we have a good reason, including any violation of our Community Guidelines. Upon termination, you continue to be bound by Sections 3 and 8 of these Terms.

More simply put
Pinterest is provided to you for free. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, but we will provide appropriate notice.

8. Indemnity
If you use Pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e., you are not a consumer) without agreeing to our Business Terms as required by Section 2(c) of these Terms, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Pinterest Inc, Pinterest Europe Ltd, their affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, suits, proceedings, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including costs of defense of claims, suits or proceedings brought by third parties), in any way related to your access to or use of our Service, your User Content, or your breach of any of these Terms.

More simply put
If we are sued because of something your business does on Pinterest, you have to pay our costs. Also, you should have created a business account and agreed to our Business Terms in the first place.

9. Disclaimers
Our Service and all content on Pinterest is provided on an "as is" basis without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied.

Pinterest specifically disclaims any and all warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, and any warranties arising out of course of dealing or usage of trade.

Pinterest takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other person or third party posts or sends using our Service. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that’s inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose.

If you're a consumer in the EEA, we don’t exclude or limit any liability for gross negligence, intent, or death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct. 
 

More simply put
Unfortunately, people post bad stuff on services like Pinterest. We take that kind of thing seriously but you still might run into it before we have a chance to take it down. If you see bad stuff, please report it to us here. 

10. Limitation of liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PINTEREST SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE; (B) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; OR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL PINTEREST'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00).

If we cause damage to you and you're a consumer in the EEA, the above doesn’t apply. Instead, Pinterest’s liability will be limited to foreseeable damages arising due to a breach of material contractual obligations typical for this type of contract. Pinterest isn’t liable for damages that result from a non-material breach of any other applicable duty of care. This limitation of liability won’t apply to any statutory liability that cannot be limited, to liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or if and to exclude our responsibility for something we have specifically promised to you.
 

More simply put
We are building the best service we can for you but we can't promise it will be perfect. We're not liable for various things. If you think we are, let's try to work it out like adults.

11. Arbitration
For any dispute you have with Pinterest, you agree to first contact us and try to resolve the dispute with us informally. If we need to contact you, we will do so at the email address on your Pinterest account. If Pinterest hasn’t been able to resolve the dispute with you informally, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with or relating to these Terms through binding arbitration or (for qualifying claims) in small claims court.

Arbitration is a more informal way to resolve our disagreements than a lawsuit in court. For instance, arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, involves more limited discovery, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Although the process is more informal, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. You agree that, by agreeing to these Terms of Service, the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and Pinterest are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and the termination of your Pinterest account.

Any arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Consumer Arbitration Rules then in effect for the AAA, except as provided herein. You can find their forms at www.adr.org. Unless you and Pinterest agree otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in the county (or parish) where you reside. Each party will be responsible for paying any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with AAA Rules, except that Pinterest will pay for your reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000 and is non-frivolous (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.If your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts, including for matters related to data security, intellectual property or unauthorized access to the Service. ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND PINTEREST ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL AFFECT ANY NON-WAIVABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT APPLY TO YOU. To the extent any claim, dispute or controversy regarding Pinterest or our Service isn’t arbitrable under applicable laws or otherwise: you and Pinterest both agree that any claim or dispute regarding Pinterest will be resolved exclusively in accordance with Section 12 of these Terms.

If you're a consumer in the EEA, Section 11 doesn't apply to you. 
 

12. Governing law and jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If you are not a consumer in the EEA, the exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from or in connection with this agreement is San Francisco County, California, or the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and our dispute will be determined under California law.

If you are a consumer in the EEA, this won’t deprive you of any protection you have under the law of the country where you live and access to the courts in that country. 
 

More simply put
The Bay Area is beautiful this time of year. It doesn't matter what time of year it is, that's what's so great! Anyway, you'll have to sue us here. 

In the EEA, this applies if you're a merchant, but not if you're a consumer. If you are a consumer in the EEA, you can sue us in your home courts.
 

13. General terms
Notification procedures and changes to these Terms
We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, and you agree to receive legal notices electronically if that’s what we decide. We may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website. If a revision, in our discretion, is material, we’ll notify you. By continuing to access or use Pinterest after revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the new Terms. If you don’t agree to the new terms, please stop using Pinterest.

More simply put
If we're making a big change to the terms, we'll let you know. If you don’t like the new terms, please stop using Pinterest.

Assignment
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Pinterest without restriction. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.

If you’re a consumer in the EEA, either you or Pinterest may assign this agreement, and any rights and licences granted under it, to a third party. In case of such an assignment by Pinterest, you are entitled to terminate the agreement with immediate effect by deactivating your account. Pinterest will provide you with reasonable notice of any such assignment.

Entire agreement/severability
These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with Pinterest shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Pinterest concerning the Service. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.

No waiver
No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Pinterest's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

Parties
If you live in the United States, these Terms are a contract between you and Pinterest Inc., 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103. If you live outside the United States, these Terms are a contract between you and Pinterest Europe Ltd., an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.

More simply put
Who you deal with depends on where you live.

Effective May 1, 2018
Terms of Service
An Introduction to Quora’s Terms of Service

Welcome to Quora! Here is a quick summary of the highlights of our Terms of Service:

Our mission is to share and grow the world’s knowledge. The Quora platform offers a place to ask questions and connect with people who contribute unique insights and quality answers. This empowers people to learn from each other and to better understand the world.
You own the content that you post; you also grant us and other users of the Quora platform certain rights and license to use it. The details of these licenses are described in section 3(c) below.
You are responsible for the content that you post. This includes ensuring that you have the rights needed for you to post that content and that your content does not violate the legal rights of another party (for example, defamation) or any applicable laws.
You can repost content from Quora elsewhere, provided that you attribute the content back to the Quora platform and respect the rights of the original poster, including any “not for reproduction” designation.
We do not endorse or verify content posted by users. Our content and materials are provided to you “as is,” without any guarantees. You are solely responsible for your own use of the Quora platform. Posts from lawyers, doctors, and other professionals should not be treated as a substitute for professional advice for your specific situation.
You agree to follow the rules of our platform. When you use the Quora platform, you also agree to our Terms of Service, acknowledge our Privacy Policy, and agree to follow our Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy.
We offer tools for you to give feedback and report complaints. If you think someone has violated your intellectual property rights, other laws, or Quora's policies, you can initiate a report at the contact us portal or by using our in-product reporting tool.
We are pleased that you want to join the Quora platform and encourage you to read the full Terms of Service.

Quora Terms of Service

Last Updated: October 23, 2018

Welcome to Quora! Quora is a platform to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world.

These terms of service (“Terms of Service”) sets forth the agreement (“Agreement”) between you and Quora, Inc. (“Quora” “we” or “us”). It governs your use of the products and services we offer through our web and applications (collectively the “Quora Platform”).

Please make sure to read it, because, by using the Quora Platform, you consent to these terms.

The Mission of the Quora Platform

Quora's mission is to share and grow the world’s knowledge. The Quora Platform is a place to ask questions and connect with people who contribute unique insights and quality answers. This empowers people to learn from each other and to better understand the world.
Using the Quora Platform
Who Can Use It. Use of the Quora Platform by anyone under 13 years of age is prohibited. You represent that you are at least the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you live or, if you are not, your parent or legal guardian must consent to this Terms of Service and affirm that they accept this Agreement on your behalf and bear responsibility for your use.
Registration. When you set up a profile on the Quora Platform, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself. You agree to provide us accurate information, including your real name, when you create your account on the Quora Platform. We will treat information you provide as part of registration in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You should take care in maintaining the confidentiality of your password.
Privacy Policy. Our privacy practices are set forth in our Privacy Policy. Your use of the Quora Platform is subject to our Privacy Policy.
Acceptable Use Policy. In your interaction with others on the Quora Platform, you agree to follow the Acceptable Use Policy at all times.
Termination. You may close your account at any time by going to account settings and disabling your account. We may terminate or suspend your Quora account if you violate any Quora policy or for any other reason.
Changes to the Quora Platform. We are always trying to improve your experience on the Quora Platform. We may need to add or change features and may do so without notice to you.
Feedback. We welcome your feedback and suggestions about how to improve the Quora Platform. Feel free to submit feedback at quora.com/contact. By submitting feedback, you agree to grant us the right, at our discretion, to use, disclose and otherwise exploit the feedback, in whole or part, freely and without compensation to you.
Your Content
Definition of Your Content. The Quora Platform enables you to add posts, texts, photos, videos, links, and files to share with others. All material that you upload, publish or display to others via the Quora Platform will be referred to collectively as “Your Content.” You acknowledge and agree that, as part of using the Quora Platform, Your Content may be viewed by the general public.
Ownership. You, or your licensors, as applicable, retain ownership of the copyright and other intellectual property in Your Content, subject to the non-exclusive rights granted to us below.
License and Permission to Use Your Content.
By submitting, posting, or displaying Your Content on the Quora Platform, you grant Quora and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, store, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make available to the public, and otherwise use Your Content in connection with the operation or use of the Quora Platform or the promotion, advertising or marketing of the Quora Platform or our business partners, in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). You agree that this license includes the right for Quora to make Your Content available to other companies, organizations, business partners, or individuals who collaborate with Quora for the syndication, broadcast, communication and making available to the public, distribution or publication of Your Content on the Quora Platform or through other media or distribution methods. This license also includes the right for other users of the Quora Platform to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, display, and distribute, translate, communicate and make available to the public Your Content, subject to our Terms of Service. If you do not wish to allow your answers to be translated by other users, you can globally opt-out of translation in your profile settings or you can designate certain answers not for translation.
Once you post an answer to a question, you may edit or delete your answer at any time from public display on http://www.quora.com, except in the case of anonymously posted answers. However, we may not be able to control removal of the answer from display on syndicated channels or other previously distributed methods outside of www.quora.com. Quora may remove suspected spam from your answers. Once you post a question, it may be edited or deleted by other users or by Quora at any time. Any edits and changes made by you may be visible to other users. The right for Quora to copy, display, transmit, publish, perform, distribute, store, modify, and otherwise use any question you post, and sublicense those rights to others, is perpetual and irrevocable, to the maximum extent permitted by law, except as otherwise specified in this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora may preserve Your Content and may also disclose Your Content and related information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any of Your Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Quora, its users, or the public.
You understand that we may modify, adapt, or create derivative works from Your Content in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks, devices, service providers, and in various media. We also may remove or refuse to publish Your Content, in whole or part, at any time.
You further give us the permission and authority to act as your nonexclusive agent to take enforcement action against any unauthorized use by third-parties of any of Your Content outside of the Quora Platform or in violation of our Terms of Service.
Your Responsibilities for Your Content. By posting Your Content on the Quora Platform, you represent and warrant to us that: i) you have the ownership rights, or you have obtained all needed licenses or permissions from any necessary parties, to use Your Content and grant us the rights to use Your Content as provided for under this Agreement, and ii) that posting Your Content violates no intellectual property or personal right of others or any applicable law or regulation. You accept full responsibility for avoiding infringement of the intellectual property or personal rights of others or violation of laws and regulations in connection with Your Content. You are responsible for ensuring that Your Content does not violate Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, Trademark Policy, other published Quora policy, or any applicable law or regulation. You agree to pay all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed to any person by reason of Your Content.
Our Content and Materials
Definition of Our Content and Materials. All intellectual property in or related to the Quora Platform (specifically including, but not limited to our software, the Quora marks, the Quora logo, but excluding Your Content) is the property of Quora Inc., or its subsidiaries and affiliates, or content posted by other Quora users licensed to us (collectively “Our Content and Materials”).
Data. All data Quora collects (“Data”) about use of the Quora Platform by you or others is the property of Quora Inc., its subsidiaries, and affiliates. For clarity, Data does not include Your Content and is separate from Our Content and Materials.
Our License to You.
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use and access Our Content and Materials and Data as made available to you on the Quora Platform in connection with your use of the Quora Platform, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Quora gives you a worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to re-post Our Content and Materials anywhere on the web provided that: (a) the content in question was added to the Quora Platform after April 22, 2010; (b) the user who created the content has not explicitly marked the content as not for reproduction on the Quora Platform; (c) you do not modify the content; (d) you attribute Quora by name in readable text and with a human and machine-followable link (an HTML <a> anchor tag) linking back to the page displaying the original source of the content on http://quora.com on every page that contains Our Content and Materials; (e) upon request, either by Quora or a user, you remove the user's name from content which the user has subsequently made anonymous; (f) upon request, either by Quora or by a user who contributed to the content, you make a reasonable effort to update a particular piece of content to the latest version on the Quora Platform; and (g) upon request, either by Quora or by a user who contributed to the content, you make a reasonable attempt to delete content that has been deleted or marked as not for reproduction on the Quora Platform; (h) you don’t republish more than a small portion of Our Content and Materials. In exercising these rights, you may not implicitly or explicitly assert any connection with, sponsorship or endorsement by Quora, or any Quora user, without separate, express prior written permission from us.
We may terminate our license to you at any time for any reason. We have the right but not the obligation to refuse to distribute any content on the Quora Platform or to remove content. Except for the rights and license granted in these terms, we reserve all other rights and grant no other rights or licenses, implied or otherwise.
Permitted uses. If you operate a search engine, web crawler, bot, scraping tool, data mining tool, bulk downloading tool, wget utility, or similar data gathering or extraction tool, you may access the Quora Platform, subject to the following additional rules: i) you must use a descriptive user agent header; ii) you must follow robots.txt at all times; iii) your access must not adversely affect any aspect of the Quora Platform’s functioning; and iv) you must make it clear how to contact you, either in your user agent string, or on your website if you have one.
No Endorsement or Verification. Please note that the Quora Platform contains access to third-party content, products and services, and it offers interactions with third parties. Participation or availability on the Quora Platform does not amount to endorsement or verification by us. We make no warranties or representations about the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any content posted on the Quora Platform by anyone.
Ownership. You acknowledge and agree that Our Content and Materials remain the property of Quora's users or Quora. The content, information and services made available on the Quora Platform are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable.
Integrated Service Provider

You may enable another online service provider, such as a social networking service (“Integrated Service Provider”), to be directly integrated into your account on the Quora Platform. By enabling an integrated service, you are allowing us to pass to, and receive from, the Integrated Service Provider your log-in information and other user data. For more information about Quora’s use, storage, and disclosure of information related to you and your use of integrated services within Quora, please see our Privacy Policy. Note that your use of any Integrated Service Provider and its own handling of your data and information is governed solely by their terms of use, privacy policies, and other policies.
More About Certain Offerings on the Quora Platform
Digests. When you sign up for the Quora Platform, the service includes receipt of a digest of questions and answers that may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of receipt of the digest, and adjust other communication settings, by going to “Email and Notification” settings in your account profile, as further described in our Privacy Policy.
Advertisements. The Quora Platform may include advertisements, which may be targeted to content or information on the Quora Platform, queries made through the Quora Platform, or other information, in an effort to make them relevant to you. The types and extent of advertising by Quora are subject to change. In consideration for Quora granting you access to and use of the Quora Platform, you agree that Quora and its third party providers and partners may place such advertising on the Quora Platform. If you wish to become an advertiser, you will be required to enter into separate and supplemental terms with us about providing advertising services on the Quora Platform.
Legal, Medical & Other Professional Contributors. Some users who post content are members of legal, medical, and other licensed professions (collectively, “Professional Contributors”). Content posted by Professional Contributors should be not be relied on as a substitute for advice from a professional that is appropriate for your specific situation. Quora has provided certain disclaimer template language that Professional Contributors may edit and incorporate in their answers. Ethics rules differ by state or location, and it is the responsibility of Professional Contributors to determine and provide disclaimers appropriate for their profession and the content provided.
Buttons, Links and Widgets. You have permission to use Quora's buttons, links, and widgets, subject to these Terms of Service (including the disclaimers and limitations of liability) and provided that: (a) your use of such buttons, links and widgets link only to the Quora Platform; (b) you will not modify such buttons, links, or widgets or associated code in any manner; (c) you will not use any such buttons, links, or widgets in any manner which implies or suggests that Quora endorses, sponsors, or recommends the website on which such buttons, links and widgets are used; and (d) the use of such buttons, links and widgets, and the website on which such buttons, links and widgets are used do not violate Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy.
Web resources and third-party services. The Quora Platform may also offer you the opportunity to visit links to other websites or to engage with third-party products or services. You assume all risk arising out of your use of such websites or resources.
Services that Require Separate Agreement. Certain features or services may require that you enter into a separate and supplemental written agreement prior to use.
Reporting Violations of Your Intellectual Property Rights, Quora Policies, or Applicable Laws
We have a special process for reporting violations of your intellectual property rights or other violations of Quora policies or applicable laws.
Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy. We have adopted and implemented a Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy. For more information, including detailed information about how to submit a request for takedown if you believe content on the Quora Platform infringes your intellectual property rights, please read our Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy. For your convenience, we provide you the following Copyright Infringement Claim Form and Trademark Infringement Claim Form, which you should use, as applicable, for fastest processing.
Reports of Other Violations. If you believe content on the Quora Platform violates Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy or otherwise violates applicable law (apart from copyright or trademark violations) or other Quora policies, you may submit the following Other Infringement Claim Form.

We have no obligation to delete content that you personally may find objectionable or offensive. We endeavor to respond promptly to requests for content removal, consistent with our policies and applicable law.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY SINCE IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF QUORA ENTITIES TO YOU.

“QUORA ENTITIES” MEANS QUORA INC., AND ANY SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, RELATED COMPANIES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND PARTNERS, AND THE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THEM. EACH PROVISION BELOW APPLIES TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
WE ARE PROVIDING YOU THE QUORA PLATFORM, ALONG WITH OUR CONTENT AND MATERIALS AND THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONNECT WITH OTHERS, ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA ENTITIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USEAGE.
QUORA MAKES NO PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR: (i) CONTENT POSTED BY ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY; (ii) ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE, THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT, OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE LISTED ON OR ACCESSIBLE TO YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM, INCLUDING AN INTEGRATED SERVICE PROVIDER OR PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTOR; (iii) THE QUALITY OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY YOU ENCOUNTER IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT. QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (a) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS OR INFORMATION THAT YOU MAY OBTAIN FROM THE USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM, A PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY OTHER USER WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED OR PURCHASED BY YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL BE SATISFACTORY.
YOU AGREE THAT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, QUORA ENTITIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, QUORA ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, REPUTATIONAL HARM, OR LOSS OF DATA (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE QUORA PLATFORM.
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IS TO STOP USING THE QUORA PLATFORM.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT YOU SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM OR THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID TO QUORA IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES. AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN WHOLE OR IN PART, AND THE FOREGOING SECTIONS 8(c), 8(d), AND 8(e) WILL NOT APPLY TO A RESIDENT OF NEW JERSEY, TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT ARE THE RESULT OF QUORA’S NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, RECKLESS, OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
Indemnification

You agree to release, indemnify, and defend Quora Entities from all third-party claims and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to: i) your use of the Quora Platform, ii) Your Content, iii) your conduct or interactions with other users of the Quora Platform, or iv) your breach of any part of this Agreement. We will promptly notify you of any such claim and will provide you (at your expense) with reasonable assistance in defending the claim. You will allow us to participate in the defense and will not settle any such claim without our prior written consent. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. In that event, you will have no further obligation to defend us in that matter.
Dispute Resolution

This Agreement and any action arising out of your use of the Quora Platform will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. Unless submitted to arbitration as set forth in the following paragraph, all claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with your use of the Quora Platform will be brought solely in Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.

For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) under this Agreement where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000 USD, the party requesting relief may elect to resolve the dispute through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. The party electing such arbitration will initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, as selected by the party initiating the arbitration; b) the arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
General Terms
Changes to these Terms. We may amend this Agreement (including any policies, such as the Privacy Policy , Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy that are incorporated into this Agreement) at any time, in our sole discretion. If we amend material terms to this Agreement, such amendment will be effective after we send you notice of the amended agreement. Such notice will be in our sole discretion, and the manner of notification could include, for example, via email, posted notice on the Quora Platform, or other manner. You can view the Agreement and our main policies at any time here. Your failure to cancel your account, or cease use of the Quora Platform, after receiving notification of the amendment, will constitute your acceptance of the amended terms. If you do not agree to the amendments or to any of the terms in this Agreement, your only remedy is to cancel your account or to cease use of the Quora Platform.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. You agree that Quora is operated in the United States and will be deemed to be solely based in California and a passive service for purposes of jurisdictional analysis. For any claims for which arbitration is inapplicable, you agree that such claims will be brought in federal or state court in Santa Clara County, California and governed by laws of the state of California and federal law, without regard to any conflict of law provisions.
Use Outside of the United States. Quora expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that the Quora Platform complies with all applicable laws and regulations outside of the United States. If you use the Quora Platform outside of the United States, you expressly understand and agree that you are responsible for determining compliance with different laws, regulations, or customs that may apply in connection with your use of the Quora Platform.
Export. The Quora Platform is controlled and operated from our United States offices in California. Quora software is subject to United States export controls. No software for Quora may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of any applicable laws or regulations. You represent that you are not (1) located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (2) listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Applications and Mobile Devices. If you access the Quora Platform through a Quora application, you acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Quora only, and not with another application service provider or application platform provider (such as Apple Inc. or Google Inc.), which may provide you the application subject to its own terms. To the extent you access the Quora Platform through a mobile device, your wireless carrier’s standard charges, data rates, and other fees may apply.
Survival. The following provisions will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 2(e)(Termination), 2(g)(Feedback), Section 3(Your Content), Section 4(a)-(b) and (d)-(f)(Our Content and Materials), Section 8 (Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (Indemnification), Sections 10 (Dispute Resolution), and Section 11 (General Terms).
Notice for California Users. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California web users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Quora Platform is provided by Quora, Inc., located in Mountain View, California. If you have a question or complaint regarding the Quora Platform, please contact Quora at support@quora.com. California residents may reach the Department of Consumer Affairs Consumer Information Division at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 or Hearing Impaired at TDD (800) 326-2297 or TDD (916) 322-1700.
Government End Users. Any Quora software and related documentation are “Commercial Items,” as that term is deﬁned at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202 (as applicable). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (as applicable), the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. government end users: (i) only as Commercial Items; and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to this Agreement.
Assignment. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement) without our prior written consent; any attempted assignment or transfer without complying with the foregoing will be void. We may freely assign or transfer this Agreement. This Agreement inures to the benefit of and is binding upon the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors, and assigns.
Electronic Communications. You consent to receive communications from us by email in accordance with this Agreement and applicable law. You acknowledge and agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Entire Agreement/ Severability. This Agreement supersedes all prior terms, agreements, discussions and writings regarding the Quora Platform and constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Quora Platform (except as to services that require separate written agreement with us, in addition to this Agreement). If any provision in this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, then that provision will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.
Interpretation. In construing or interpreting the terms of this Agreement: (i) the headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, and are not to be considered, and (ii) no presumption is to operate in either party’s favor as a result of its counsel’s role in drafting this Agreement.
Notices. All notices permitted or required under this Agreement, unless specified otherwise in this Agreement, must be sent in writing as follows in order to be valid: (i) if to you, by us via email to the address associated with your account, and (ii) if to us, by you via Legal@Quora.com. Notices will be deemed given (a) if to you, when emailed, and (b) if to us, on receipt by us.
Relationship. This Agreement does not create a joint venture, agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between you and us. Except as expressly provided herein, neither party has the right, power, or authority to create any obligation or duty, express or implied, on behalf of the other.
Waiver. No waiver of any terms will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Our failure to assert a right or provision under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Further Assurances. You agree to execute a hard copy of this Agreement and any other documents, and to take any actions at our expense that we may request to confirm and effect the intent of this Agreement and any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement.
Contact. Feel free to contact us through quora.com/contact with any questions about these terms. Quora is a Delaware corporation, located at 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041.
Prior Versions

Revolut Payments UAB Personal Terms and Supplement
Download as a PDF qui. Per visualizzare i termini precedenti qui.

Italy
These Personal terms apply from 31 October 2021. Please click here to see the previous Personal terms that apply until 31 October 2021.

My Revolut account

1. Why this information is important

This document sets out the terms and conditions for your Revolut personal account (your account) and its related services. It also sets out other important things that you need to know.

These terms and conditions, along with the Fees page, Privacy Policy and any other terms and conditions that apply to our services, form a legal agreement (the agreement) between:

you, the account holder; and
us, Revolut Payments UAB (a company incorporated in the Republic of Lithuania with company number 304940980 and whose registered office and head office is at Konstitucijos ave. 21B, 08130 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania).
This agreement is indefinite. It means that it is valid until you or we end it.

We are authorised to issue e-money by the Bank of Lithuania under the Law on Electronic Money and Electronic Money Institutions of the Republic of Lithuania (Electronic Money Institution license number 42). The Bank of Lithuania is the central bank and the financial supervisory authority of the Republic of Lithuania whose address is Gedimino ave. 6, 01103 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, registry number 188607684 (further information on the Bank of Lithuania can be obtained on its website at www.lb.lt, the Bank of Lithuania can be contacted at on telephone number +370 800 50 500).

We are also subject to the Law on Payments of the Republic of Lithuania which regulates our activities and liability, provision of payment services, rights and obligations of our customers and applicable fees.

We note that we operate and provide services on business days of the Republic of Lithuania and only when such business days in the Republic of Lithuania coincide with business days of the United Kingdom (UK).

It's important for you to understand how your account works. You can ask for a copy of these terms and conditions through the Revolut app at any time.

If you'd like more information you might find it helpful to read our FAQs. (but these FAQs don't form part of our agreement with you).

2. What type of account is my Revolut Account?

Your account is a payment account that holds your e-money. It may hold e-money in different currencies at the same time.

E-money is an electronic alternative to cash. If you or someone else gives us money, we'll issue an equivalent value of e-money in the currency you or the other person chooses. We'll store the e-money in your account and other people will accept it as payment. When you make payments to external accounts the e-money is redeemed at its nominal value.

In these terms and conditions, we use ‘money’ to refer to e-money.

3. Using money in your account

Once you have e-money in your account you'll be able to use our services. For example, you can do the following:
send money to and receive money from other Revolut accounts and non-Revolut accounts;
change money from one currency to another (we call this a currency exchange). The currencies available might change occasionally; make payments and withdraw cash using your Revolut Card; and view information about and manage your account.
We add new features and services all the time. We’ll let you know about these through the Revolut app.

The main way we provide our services is through the Revolut mobile app. However, we provide our services in other ways too, like through web pages, other apps, APIs and other means. These terms apply whenever and however you access our services. This means they apply to all the ways you can access a particular service, even if we refer to the service being accessed through a specific means in these terms. For example, when we talk about Revolut Card payments, we mean payments using a physical card, but also a virtual card or a card added to Apple Pay or Google Pay.

4. Can I open a Revolut account?

Normally you must be 18 or over to open a Revolut account. If you are under 18 and we let you have a Revolut account or any other service, we'll let you know any special terms and conditions that apply.

When you ask us to open an account, we or someone acting for us will ask for information about you and where the money you will put in your account comes from. We do this for a number of reasons, including to check your credit score and identity, and to meet our legal and regulatory requirements. Our Privacy Policy explains more about how we use your information for these and other purposes. When we have the information we need, we will open your account.

You can’t:

open more than one Revolut personal account; or
use a Revolut personal account for business purposes.
If you want to use a Revolut account for business purposes, you will need to apply for a business account under our Business Terms.

5. How do I get information on payments into and out of my account?

You can check all payments into and out of your account through the Revolut app. We will not make any changes to your account information and it will be available to you through the Revolut app while you are a customer. If you need to keep a copy of the information after your account is closed, you can to download it while your account is still active. If you close your account and want to get this information you can email us at feedback@revolut.com. You can also download information from the app at any time.

We will send a notification to your mobile device each time a payment goes into or out of your account. You can turn off these notifications, through the Revolut app but if you do, you should regularly check your payments on the Revolut app. It's important that you know what payments go into and out of your account, so we recommend that you do not turn off notifications.

COMMUNICATING WITH YOU

We'll usually communicate with you through the Revolut app and it’s free of charge. Other Revolut group entities may also communicate with you via the Revolut app if this is agreed with you and that entity.

This is how we will provide account information and tell you about any fraud, or suspected fraud, relating to your account. It is also how we will tell you if there is a security threat to your account. Make sure you regularly check the Revolut app for this information.

To help keep your account safe, download the latest software for your mobile device and the latest version of the Revolut app as soon as they are available.

We may also communicate with you by text message or email, so you should regularly check your text messages and email account.

Your consents, approvals, acceptances and other statements given using the Revolut app shall have the same legal validity as your signature on a written document. Your agreements concluded with us via the Revolut app shall be deemed to be written agreements concluded between you and us. Any instructions to Revolut for conducting operations and other actions submitted/executed from you through the Revolut app will be treated as submitted/executed by you and valid as actions performed by you.

We will usually communicate with you in English.

Keep us in the loop

Please keep your details up to date and let us know immediately if any information you've given us changes. If we discover that any of your information is incorrect we will update it.

To meet our legal and regulatory requirements we might sometimes need to ask for more information about you (for example, if your spending increases). Please provide this information quickly so that there is no disruption to your account or our services.

6. How do I close my account?

You can close your account, and so end the agreement, at any time by letting us know. You can do this through the Revolut app, by writing to us at our head office or by emailing us at feedback@revolut.com.

You will still have to pay any charges you've run up (for example, if you've asked for an extra Revolut Card). We may also charge you any cancellation fees that apply to other agreements you've entered into with us(for example, if you cancel your Plus, Premium or Metal subscription. Plus, Premium & Metal terms and conditions can be found here).

If you, or we, close your account, we will give you the opportunity to withdraw the money we hold for you (we call this redemption of e-money). If you want us to send you money in a different currency than the currency we're holding for you, we will convert the currency using the rate that applies at the time, and take our usual fee, before sending the money to you.

Cancelling your Revolut Card

If you change your mind and don't want a Revolut Card any more, that's not a problem. Just let us know and we'll cancel it.

How can I withdraw from the agreement?

You can withdraw from this agreement and so end it within the first 14 days of opening a Revolut account by letting us know through the Revolut app or by emailing us at feedback@revolut.com. You have a right to withdraw without paying any penalties and without having to indicate any reason. In case of withdrawal from the agreement we will return any remaining balance to you.

7. What happens after my account is closed?

We'll hold back enough money to cover any payments that you approved before your account was closed. You'll also still owe us any money that you owed us while your account was open.

How do I get access to my money after my account has closed?

For eight years after your account has closed or your Revolut Card has expired you'll be able to contact customer services (at feedback@revolut.com) and ask them to send you the money we still hold for you.

Once your account is closed you can only withdraw your money in the currency of the country you live in.

Keeping my account safe

8. How is my money protected?

We don't lend your money to others. When we become aware of a payment for your account, or you add money to it, we place the equivalent value of e-money in your account. We quickly either:

place the money into our ring-fenced accounts that we hold with large global banks in the EEA (ring-fenced accounts are separate from our own money); or
invest the payment in low-risk assets held in a separate account with financial institutions.
We call this safeguarding.

Safeguarding helps protect you if we were to become insolvent. In such a case an administrator will repay you from our ring-fenced accounts.

Unfortunately, the law doesn't allow us to pay you interest, and the money in your account isn't covered by any deposit insurance scheme.

9. Keeping your security details and Revolut Card safe

We do everything we can to keep your money safe. We ask you to do the same by keeping your security details and Revolut Card safe. This means you shouldn't keep your security details near your Revolut Card, and you should disguise or protect them if you write them down or store them. Don’t share your security details with anyone other than an open-banking provider or third-party provider who is acting in line with regulatory requirements. We've explained more about open-banking providers and third-party providers in section 10 of these terms and conditions.

Sometimes it's easy to forget to take the steps you must take to keep your money safe. Here are a couple of tips:

make sure you close down the Revolut app when you're not using it; and
keep your mobile phone and your email account secure and don't let other people use them.
Contact us through the Revolut app, as soon as possible, if your Revolut Card is lost or stolen, or if your Revolut Card or security details could be used without your permission.

If you can, you should, without undue delay, also freeze your Revolut Card using the Revolut app or by calling the automated number below. If you later realise there’s not a risk to your Revolut Card's security, you can unfreeze it.

How you can contact us

Write to us:

Konstitucijos ave. 21B, 08130 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania.
Freeze your Revolut Card:

+370 5 214 3608 (your telecommunication service provider’s standard rates apply).
Tell us about a lost or stolen Revolut Card or security details:

Send us a message through the Revolut app on someone else's device.
Send us a message on social media.
Email us at feedback@revolut.com.
Call us:

+370 5 214 3608 (your telecommunication service provider’s standard rates apply).
10. Making payments and accessing accounts using ‘open banking’

You can use ‘open banking’ to access the accounts you have with other providers via the Revolut app and to allow other providers to have access to your Revolut account.

Allowing other providers to have access to your Revolut account

You can allow other providers to have access to your account information or make payments on your behalf. These providers are often referred to as “open banking providers” or “third-party providers”.

These providers will often need to be authorised by a regulator such as the Bank of Lithuania or by the regulator of any other relevant country. If you are thinking of using an open-banking provider or third-party provider, you should ask them for details of their authorisation (if they have any) and check this yourself. (You can do this by checking the Bank of Lithuania's online register of authorised companies).

When you access your Revolut account via an open banking provider or third-party provider, our terms and conditions still apply to your use of your Revolut account.

We might have to block an open-banking provider’s or third-party provider’s access to your account (for example, if we're concerned about fraud, or if they don’t have the authorisation they need, or if there are legal or regulatory reasons for doing so). If we do this, we'll try to let you know beforehand or as soon as possible afterwards. We'll do this through the Revolut app or by email, unless it would be unlawful to do so or there are valid security reasons why we can’t. We’ll also unblock the third-party provider's access as soon as the reasons for denying them access no longer exist.

You also have the right to block an open banking provider’s or third-party provider’s access to your Revolut account. You should contact us if you think a third-party provider is acting without your consent.

When you use an open banking provider or a third-party provider, you authorise them and give consent to them to have access to your Revolut account information or make payments from your Revolut account on your behalf. How we share your information for these and other purposes is set out in our Privacy Policy.

Using the Revolut app to access accounts with other providers

You can also access your accounts with other providers, and initiate payments from those accounts, via the Revolut app. We call these our “Open Banking Services”. Revolut is authorised to provide these services.

When you use our Open Banking Services to view information about an account you hold with another provider, you must authorise us to access that account. We won’t store any of the sensitive payment data you provide to give that authorisation.

Once you’ve authorised us to access the account for the account information purposes:

We will access your account information on your behalf (meaning information like your account details, transaction history and the features of your account).
We will analyse this information to provide spending insights to you (like suggesting how you might be able to save money).
You can revoke your consent at any time via the Revolut app.
How we use your information for these and other purposes is set out in our Privacy Policy.

When you use our Open Banking Services to initiate a payment from an account you hold with another provider, you must authorise us to make that payment as well. We won’t store any of the sensitive payment data you provide to give that authorisation. We will consider that you gave us consent and authorised us to initiate payments from those accounts when you choose in Revolut app to use a certain payment service and after you fill in all necessary and requested information you submit it on Revolut app.

11. Are there any restrictions on using the Revolut app or Revolut Card?

Please act reasonably and responsibly when using the Revolut app or Revolut Card.

The Revolut app or Revolut Card must not be used (directly or indirectly) as follows:

for illegal purposes (for example, committing fraud);
in a way that might harm our ability to provide our services;
only to send money to and receive money from a credit card account;
for any transactions to receive cash other than making a withdrawal from an ATM (cash machine);
to control or use a Revolut account that’s not yours;
to give Revolut Card to any other person;
to allow anyone else to have access to or use your account or the Revolut app;
to abuse, exploit or get around any usage restrictions set by a service provider your Revolut Card is registered with. For example, you must only use one Revolut Card for any particular service provider that offers a free subscription or trial period; or
to trade in foreign currencies for speculative purposes (that is, to take advantage of any expected rise or fall in the value of a currency) or to take advantage of discrepancies in the foreign exchange market.
Please also act in a respectful way towards us and our support staff – we're here to help you.

Moving money in and out

12. Adding money to my account

You can add money to your account using a debit card or credit card registered with us (we call this your stored card) or by bank transfer. Your stored card must be in your name.

When you add money by bank transfer, you must use the account details stated in the Revolut app. When we receive the money we will add the equivalent value of e-money to your account. Make sure you follow the prompts from the app carefully to avoid any delays.

The account details you must use to add money to your account will depend on the currency of the money you are adding. For example, if you want to add money to your account in euro (€), you must use the ‘Euro account’ details stated in the Revolut app.

If you use a stored card or a bank account that is in one currency to add money to your account in another currency, your bank or card provider may charge a fee.

We will consider that you gave us consent and authorized us to execute the transaction once you submit your payment order on the Revolut app.

There is more information on adding money to your account in our FAQs.

Holding money in your e-money account

Once you have added money to your e-money account, you can transfer it between the various types of sub accounts we offer. For example, you can transfer your e-money between currencies, or hold it in a Personal Vault or Pocket. These are all sub accounts of your e-money account. All the rules that apply to your main account also apply to your sub accounts - for example, they can be accessed by debt collecting agencies.

Never worry about the balance of your Revolut account getting too low

We know that it's important to be able to make payments from your account whenever you want. You can authorise us to add a specific amount of money to your account from your stored card whenever the value of money in your account drops below a certain amount. We call this an auto-add. You can cancel an auto-add at any time through the Revolut app or by contacting your card provider.

Payment limits

Due to the anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing requirements or the limits applied by third parties, we might limit how much you can receive into or pay from your account, or how much you can withdraw or spend using your Revolut Card. We might also limit the value of currency exchange you can carry out at any one time or over a period of time. These limits can change from time to time. Information about these limits is set out here.

Keep your currency consistent

It's important that any payment to your account is made in the currency of your account. Otherwise, the payment will be converted to the currency of your account. This means that your account might be credited with more or less than you expected. We won't be responsible for any losses if this happens.

13. Transferring money between Revolut accounts

You can send money to, and receive money from, other Revolut accounts. We call these sorts of payments Instant Transfers. All Instant Transfers are received immediately.

You can make an Instant Transfer to another Revolut user’s account by choosing them from the contacts list in the Revolut app, by using their username, or by using any other method we provide to identify them, and following the prompts.

Group vaults

If you are a member of a Group Vault, you can send instant transfers to that as well.

A Group Vault is an account set up and controlled by an individual Revolut user. All members of a Group Vault can see their own transactions in the Group Vault and can leave it at any time. Only the Revolut user who set up the Group Vault (the owner) can automatically see all of the Group Vault's transactions, close the Group Vault, add or remove other members, and allow Group Vault members to withdraw funds (or revoke their access). You should only join a Group Vault, or send money to it, if you trust the owner as they own the funds - if the owner at any point stops being a Revolut account holder or their account is locked, then you will not be able to access the funds in the Group Vault.

Making purchases using Pay with Revolut

You can also make an Instant Transfer to a business which uses "Pay with Revolut" to receive payments. This can happen in the following two ways:

You can instruct us to make an Instant Transfer for a set amount from your Revolut Account to a business, either instantly or at a set date or dates in the future (for example, instead of paying by card in a checkout). We call these payments "Customer Initiated Payments".
You can consent to a business being able to collect Instant Transfers from your Revolut account (for example, if you allow a business to collect payments from your account on a regular basis, like for a subscription ). We call these "Merchant Initiated Payments".
Customer Initiated Payments

Customer Initiated Payments must be for a set amount. The set amount will be a one-off payment. You can turn off recurring Customer Initiated Payments to a business at any time (but you’ll need to turn it off the day before its due if you want to cancel it). You will be asked to confirm and authenticate the amount of a Customer Initiated Payment, and any recurrence of it, in the checkout or signup flow. The business will only ever be paid the amount you confirm and the business cannot collect any other payments without your permission.

Merchant Initiated Payments

Merchant Initiated Payments can be for any amount, but you set limits on the frequency and total or individual value of Merchant Initiated Payments a business can collect. You can also turn off Merchant Initiated Payments to a business at any time. However, if a business asks us to collect a Merchant Initiated Payment from your account, and it is within the limits you have set, we will not ask you to approve it before it is made.

We will notify you in the Revolut app whenever a Customer Initiated Payment or Merchant Initiated Payment is made from your Revolut account.

Protection when using Pay With Revolut

Pay with Revolut is a service we offer businesses to allow you to pay them directly from your Revolut account, without any frustrating card details. However, we want Pay with Revolut to work for you as well as for businesses. So we have created a Buyer Protection Policy which applies when you make an eligible purchase using Pay with Revolut.

Refunds for Merchant Initiated Payments

Merchant Initiated Payments are collected from your account based on a consent you have given in the past. We encourage businesses to tell you the amount of any Merchant Initiated Payment before they collect it. However, if you think a Merchant Initiated Payment has been taken from your account in error, you can ask us to refund it within 8 weeks of it being paid. To request a refund, contact us via chat, and we will let you know if your refund is successful within 10 business days.

14. Making other types of payments

It's easy to send money to your or someone else's bank account. You can make a one-off payment or set up a recurring payment. Just enter the sort code and account number (or, for international payments, the BIC and IBAN) of the account you’re sending money to in the Revolut app and follow the prompts. We may need to ask for other information as well.

Using your Revolut Card

You can also make payments or withdraw cash using your Revolut Card. You can do this by entering the details of your Revolut Card (the card number, expiry date and CVC number) or your PIN. We will consider these actions as you giving consent to make payments or withdraw cash from your Revolut account. You also give your consent to make payments from your Revolut Card by:

touching your Revolut Card at the terminal (a ‘contactless’ transaction) and taking other actions on the electronic card reader. No PIN code is required for contactless payments up to a certain amount;
signing for the purchase on the receipt issued by the electronic card reader;
inserting your Revolut Card into the electronic card reader and doing something further that the electronic card reader requests without entering your PIN code (e. g. when paying the toll, car parking lot charges, etc.);
providing your Revolut Card number and other details and consenting to the initiation of payment orders for debiting your account when entering into an agreement with a trader or service provider; or
providing your Revolut Card number and other details to a trade or service provider and authenticating this payment using a 3D Secure method. This is a step you will have to take when buying online using your Revolut Card if a trade or service provider has implemented this method. If they have, a window will pop up on the trade or service provider’s website asking you to verify the payment and you will receive a push notification to your Revolut app. You will have to open your app and confirm the transaction to complete the payment.
When you use your Revolut Card to make a withdrawal from an ATM or make a payment (for example, in a shop or restaurant), we will consider the payment to be authorised by you unless:

you let us know that the money has been stolen from your account; or
you don't think we've carried out your instructions correctly.
We might charge you a fee for making withdrawals. You can read about these fees on our Fees page.

We are not responsible for losses where payments are returned in a different currency.

Sometimes, money you've asked us to transfer to someone is not paid into their account and is returned to us. If we had to carry out a currency exchange when we sent the payment, and can show that we did everything right, when we return the money to you we'll convert it back to the original currency. This means that the amount you receive back into your account might be less than the payment you made (or it could be more!). We would not be responsible for any losses that this causes you.

TAKE CARE ENTERING THE DETAILS OF THE PERSON YOU WANT TO PAY

When you enter the details of the person you want to pay, make sure the details are correct. If they’re not, your payment might be delayed or you might lose your money if it's sent to the wrong account.

Make sure you know the person you are making a payment to. If someone approaches you and asks you to make a payment to them, but you are not sure who they are or what the payment is for, you may be a victim of a scam, and we may not be able to recover the money for you.

If the person you want to pay does not receive the money, we won't be responsible if we processed the payment correctly but you gave us the wrong details. If you ask us to, we'll be happy to try to get your money back, but this might be easier in some countries than in others.

If you contact our customer support team through the Revolut app we can give you information to help you try to recover the money, including details of the person who did receive the money (if we have those details).

The EEA is made up of all the countries in the European Union, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. A ‘business day’ means a day that the banks are open in both the Republic of Lithuania and the UK.

SEPA direct debits

Depending on where you live, you may be able to pay direct debits, in euros, from your account to bank accounts held in the Single European Payments Area (which is all the countries in the EEA plus Switzerland, Monaco and San Marino). These payments are called SEPA direct debits. The bank holding the account the direct debit is to be paid to (the payee’s bank) is responsible for asking us for the payment when it is due.

You can:

limit the amount of a SEPA direct debit or how often it is paid from your account (or both);
cancel SEPA direct debits paid from your account; and
choose to only allow SEPA direct debits to be paid to certain people.
You can do this by contacting us through the Revolut app.

If you have set up a SEPA direct debit, the payee’s bank will ask for it on the business day before it is due and we will pay it to the bank on the due date. If the due date is a non-working day for the payee’s bank (this is normally a weekend or bank holiday), it will reach the bank on the next working day.

Please read our FAQ on SEPA direct debits.

Payments for services provided by other Revolut group companies

The Revolut app is more than just an e-money account. It’s a platform where you can access a whole range of services.

Not all of these services are provided by us (Revolut Payments UAB). Some are provided by other companies within our group. Where this is the case, you must agree to separate terms and conditions with those companies, which will govern those services. For example:

If you use cryptocurrency services, these are provided by Revolut Ltd, and are governed by the Cryptocurrency Terms and Conditions with which you agreed to. We do not provide these services and you do not have rights against us under those Cryptocurrency Terms and Conditions.
If you use precious metal services, these are provided by Revolut Ltd, and are governed by the Precious Metal Terms and Conditions with which you agreed to. We do not provide this service and you do not have rights against us under those Precious Metal Terms and Conditions.
If you use trading services, these are provided by Revolut Trading Ltd, and are governed by the Trading Terms and Conditions with which you agreed to. We do not provide this service and you do not have rights against us under those Trading Terms and Conditions.
If you use Stays services, these are provided by Revolut Ltd, and are governed by the Stays Terms and Conditions with which you agreed to. We do not provide this service and you do not have rights against us under those Stays Terms and Conditions.
Any other services provided by another group company.
Although we do not provide these services, normally they will result in a payment needing to be made to or from your e-money account with us. For example, when you buy or sell cryptocurrency, a payment will be taken from, or made to, your e-money account with us for the cryptocurrency. Where this is the case, we will credit or debit your account with us as requested by other Revolut group companies on the basis of your terms and conditions with them.

Sometimes, we may set up a sub-account in your e-money account if needed for these services. For example, if you use trading services, you will see you have a sub-account which you must fund before you can use the trading services.

15. What happens if a payment was sent to the wrong account, wasn’t sent at all or was delayed?

We'll always try to process your payments correctly and on time, but sometimes things go wrong and a payment might be delayed or not received by the person you wanted to pay.

If something has gone wrong and:

the person paying you;
the bank account you wanted to make the payment into; or
the retailer you were paying;
is in the EEA, let us know through the Revolut app. You need to let us know as soon as possible, and no later than 13 months after the amount was taken from your account.

If the money is not received into the account you sent it to, we'll refund the payment back into your account. If you've had to pay any charges or interest as a result of our mistake, we'll refund those too.

If we received a payment on your behalf, but the money was not paid into your account on time, we'll immediately credit your account with the amount of the payment.

These rules don't apply to currency exchanges.

What to do if you think you have made a mistake?

You should always check that you have entered the correct details for the person you want to pay before you make a payment. It’s always a good idea to make a test payment of a small amount (say, €1) to make sure that you have the account details correct. You should always think about the following:

Always make sure you know the person you are making a payment to. If someone approaches you and asks you to make a payment to them, but you are not sure who they are or what the payment is for, you may be a victim of a scam.
The contacts you see in the Revolut app are taken from the names and phone numbers you have saved to your own phone. These names and numbers are not verified by us or anyone else. This means that if you have saved the wrong number or wrong name to your phone, you will pay the wrong person and may lose your money.
The usernames you see in the Revolut app can look similar to other usernames and are able to be changed by individual users. We take steps to remove any inappropriate usernames, but these usernames are not verified by us or anyone else. This means that if you are not sure that the person is who they say they are, you may pay the wrong person and may lose your money.
We are not responsible if we make a payment to the person you tell us to, even if you gave us the wrong account number, username or phone number by mistake. However, if you ask us to, we’ll try to get your money back for you. We may also try to get you information about the beneficiary so that you can try to get it back yourself (if the law allows us to). While we will try to do these things, we don’t guarantee that we will, and in some cases we won’t be able to.

What we’ll do if we, or someone else, has made a mistake?

On the other hand, if a payment is mistakenly paid into your Revolut account by another person, you will have to pay them back. If the person who mistakenly made the payment makes a legal claim to get it back themselves, we may need to share your information with them.

For these reasons, you should always check your account regularly to make sure everything is correct.

16. Send and receive money using a payment link

You can easily send money to a friend who doesn't have a Revolut account by setting up a ‘payment link’. A payment link allows you to agree to pay a certain amount without entering the account details the payment will be made to. Instead, you choose the amount, share the link, and the recipient enters their account details themselves.

You can do this by going into the payments tab of the Revolut app, entering the amount you want to send, clicking on ‘create payment link’, and sending the link to your friend.

You can also create a payment link to receive payments and send that link to your friend.

Once you've sent the link to your friend, they will need to complete the payment link by entering the relevant details.

If you are sending money using a payment link, your friend will need to enter their bank account details into the link. The payment will then be made to their bank account, as if you had entered those details into the app yourself. Sometimes, because of the size or nature of the payment, your friend will be asked to join Revolut in order to complete the transaction. Once they have, the payment will be made to their Revolut account.
If you are receiving money using a payment link, your friend will need to enter their debit or credit card details into the link within 24 hours. The payment will then be made from their card. We may put limits on the amount you can request using a payment link, which we will show you in the app.
Sometimes we may have to ask your friend to open a Revolut account before they can receive a payment for other reasons too. If they don't, we won't be able to make the payment to them or from them.

All payment links have a time limit. After this, the link will expire, and your friend will not be able to make or receive your payment. We’ll tell you what this time limit is in the app when you create the link.

Remember, when you create a payment link to send money, you are agreeing to make a payment without entering the account details yourself. The payment will be made to whatever details are entered into the link. Make sure you are careful where you share a link, and who you share it with. For example, if you share a “send money” link on your friend’s social media profile, someone else could click on the link and claim the money themselves. If you’re worried about a payment link you have created, you can cancel it (before it is completed) through the transaction history in the app.

17. What exchange rate do you use?

You can find more details of our fee on our Fees page. You can always see our live exchange rate in the Revolut app.

All Standard and Plus users can make a set amount of exchanges at this rate every month. The set amount depends on what your base currency is and is set out on our Fees Page. Standard and Plus users who exchange more than this amount start paying a fair usage fee (but Premium and Metal customers do not).

Once we've converted a currency, your transaction history in the Revolut app will show the exchange rate we used too.

The exchange rate may change between the time you told us you wanted to exchange currency and the time we actually carry out the conversion. This means that if you ask us to exchange currency, you may receive a little more or less back than what you had expected.

We’re not responsible if: you lose any money as a result of converting currency; or you’re charged any fees or lose any money because you're using your Revolut Card in another country and you ask the retailer (or the retailer's bank) to make the conversion. (For example, imagine you're a Lithuanian customer travelling in Japan. When you pay your bill at a restaurant you agree to pay in Euro rather than yen. This means you've asked for the retailer's bank to convert the currency. We can't be responsible if that bank gives you a worse exchange rate or charges you fees).

18. Can I cancel a payment or currency exchange?

You can cancel a payment (including a recurring payment or a SEPA direct debit) at any time up to the end of the business day before the payment is due to be paid from your account.

You can't cancel a payment on the same day it's due to be paid from your account. This means that you cannot cancel transfers between Revolut accounts.

You also can't cancel a currency exchange once we've received your request to carry it out.

It’s easy to cancel a bank transfer.

You can cancel a bank transfer through the Revolut app.

19. How long does it take to make a payment?

We understand that when you make a payment, one of the most important things is that the person the payment is for receives it on time. When their bank will receive the money depends on what time you tell us to make the payment, and the currency you want us to make it in.

The below explains when we'll make payments. Please note all times in these terms and conditions are based on UK time, that is, Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) from October to March, and British Summer Time (BST) from March to October.

Instant transfer to a Revolut account:

You can provide your payment instruction at any time and we'll receive it immediately.
Payment to someone else's bank account:

If you provide your payment instruction before 1pm (or 3pm Vilnius time) on a business day, we'll receive it immediately.
If you provide your payment instruction after 1pm (or 3pm Vilnius time) on a business day, we'll receive it the next business day.
If you provide your payment instruction on a day that is not a business day, we'll receive it the next business day.
Payment link transfer to a bank account:

You can provide your payment instruction at any time and we'll receive it when the person you want to pay enters their bank details (as long as this is within 24 hours of you sending them the payment link).
Payment to a bank account at a future date (such as a recurring payment):

You can provide your payment instruction at any time and we'll receive it the same business day (if the payment is due to come out of your account on a business day) or the next business day (if the payment is due to come out of your account on a non-business day).
The below sets out when we'll make payments in different currencies.

If the currency of your payment is € or £:

once we’ve taken the payment from your account, it will reach the account of the person you are paying the same business day.
If the currency of your payment is any currency other than € or £, to a bank account in the EEA (not the UK):

once we’ve taken the payment from your account, it will reach the account of the person you are paying up to four working days later.
If the currency of your payment is any currency other than € or £ to a bank account outside the EEA:

once we’ve taken the payment from your account, it will reach the account of the person you are paying as soon as we can get the payment there. How long it takes would depend on where the bank of the person you want to pay is.
If you tell us to make a currency exchange you will receive the converted e-money immediately.

20. When we will refuse or delay a payment

We must refuse to make a payment, or delay a payment (including inbound and outbound payments), in the following circumstances:

if legal or regulatory requirements prevent us from making the payment or mean that we need to carry out further checks;
if you have broken these terms and conditions in a way that we reasonably believe justifies us refusing or delaying your payment;
if processing your instruction would break these terms and conditions or that your instruction doesn't contain all the information we need to make the payment properly;
if the amount is over, or would take you over, any limit that applies to your account. We've set out the limits in here;
if there is not enough money available in your account to make the payment and cover any charge;
if a bankruptcy order is made against you or you've entered into an individual voluntary arrangement with your creditors;
if, even after doing everything reasonably possible, we won't be able to make the payment on time;
if a third party prevents us from making the payment (for example, if Mastercard or Visa do not allow a payment or cash withdrawal using your Revolut Card);
if we have asked you for important information we reasonably need and you have not given us that information; or
if we have suspended your account.
We may also refuse to issue a new Revolut Card if you do not have enough money in your account to pay us to issue or deliver the card.

WHEN WE REFUSE TO MAKE A PAYMENT, WE’LL ALWAYS (UNLESS IT WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR TECHNICALLY IMPOSSIBLE FOR US TO DO SO) TRY TO LET YOU KNOW OF THAT REFUSAL, THE REASONS FOR THAT REFUSAL (IF POSSIBLE), AND THE PROCEDURE FOR RECTIFYING ANY FACTUAL ERRORS THAT LEAD TO THAT REFUSAL. SUCH NOTIFICATION SHALL BE GIVEN TO YOU AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE FOLLOWING THE REFUSAL.

If we can, we’ll use the Revolut app to tell you that we have refused to make a payment. If you'd like to find out why we refused the payment, and what you can do to solve any problem, please contact us through the app.

We won't be responsible for any losses you suffer as a result of us refusing or delaying a payment.

21. Third-party fees for making or receiving payments

We don't charge any fees for receiving payments. We don’t charge any fees for sending local payments in your base currency either.

If you make a payment in another currency or to another country, we may charge a cross-border or SWIFT payment fee. These fees are set out in our Fees Page. We will always tell you about them, and tell you how much they cost, in the Revolut app before you make a payment.

Other banks involved, such as the bank of the person you are paying or certain correspondent or intermediary banks (banks that help transfer the money between other banks) might sometimes take their fees from the payment you're sending or receiving. This could mean that you or the person you are paying receives less than expected. For example, you could only receive €90 from someone who has sent you €100 because the other person’s bank has charged a €10 fee.

This might happen if:

the bank of the person you are sending a payment to or receiving a payment from is within the EEA, and the payment is in a currency that is not the currency of an EEA member state; or
you make a payment to or receive a payment from someone whose bank is outside the EEA.
To be clear, we won’t charge you any fees ourselves for making or receiving payments. We will always give you the full amount we receive from another bank. Likewise, we will always send the full amount that you ask us to send, but we can’t guarantee that the full amount will be paid into the other person’s account without a fee being taken by another bank.

What happens if something goes wrong

22. What happens if someone steals from my account?

Let us know as soon as possible through the Revolut app (and no later than within 13 months from the date the money was taken from your account). We'll pay the money back into your account if any of the following apply:

you couldn't have known that your security details or Revolut Card were at risk of being misused;
the payment happened because someone we're responsible for made a mistake;
the payment was taken after you told us that someone knew your security details or your Revolut Card was lost or stolen, or we didn't give you a way to tell us about this;
the law required us to make you follow certain prompts when you instructed us to make the payment and we didn't do this; or
you made a payment to pay for certain goods or services you bought online or through some other method that is not face-to-face (there are some types of contracts this might not apply to, such as contracts for rental accommodation, but we can give you more information about this when you let us know about the problem).
We'll also pay back any charges you had to pay as a result of the payment being taken from your account.

We won't refund any money if you've acted fraudulently, or you intentionally or carelessly failed to keep your security details or Revolut Card safe (unless you told us about this before the payment was taken from your account). For example, we wouldn’t make a refund if you gave someone your Revolut Card PIN and they made a payment using your card without you knowing about it.

23. When we might block your account or Revolut Card

The safety of your money is important to us. We might prevent you from making payments from your account or with your Revolut Card if we're reasonably concerned about its security or that it might be used fraudulently or without your permission.

We might also have to block your account or Revolut Card to meet our legal obligations arising from the laws of the Republic of Lithuania.

We'll tell you through the Revolut app before, or as soon as possible after, we block your Revolut app or Card. We'll also let you know why we've done it (unless it would reduce your or our security or it would be unlawful). We will unblock your account as soon as the reasons for blocking your account no longer exist.

24. When could you suspend or close my account?

We may close or suspend your account immediately (including the access to the services provided by the other Revolut group entities), and end your access to our website, in exceptional circumstances. Exceptional circumstances include the following:

if we have good reason to suspect that you are behaving fraudulently or otherwise criminally;
if you haven't given us (or someone acting on our behalf) any information we need, or we have good reason to believe that information you have provided is incorrect or not true;
if you've broken these terms and conditions in a serious or persistent way and you haven't put the matter right within a reasonable time of us asking you to;
if we have information that your use of the Revolut app is harmful to us or our software, systems or hardware;
if we have good reason to believe that you continuing to use your account could damage our reputation or goodwill;
if we have asked you to repay money you owe us and you have not done so within a reasonable period of time;
if you've been declared bankrupt; or
if we have to do so under any law, regulation, court order or ombudsman’s instructions.
We may also decide to close or suspend your account for other reasons. We would contact you through the Revolut app at least sixty (60) days before we do this.

Closing your account and ending the agreement may also end any other agreements you have with us or through us. You can get more information through the Revolut app or by contacting us.

25. We can change these terms

We'll only change these terms and conditions for the following reasons: if we think it will make them easier to understand or more helpful to you; to reflect the way our business is run, particularly if the change is needed because of a change in the way any financial system or technology is provided; to reflect legal or regulatory requirements that apply to us; to reflect changes in the cost of running our business; or because we are changing or introducing new services or products that affect our existing services or products covered by these terms and conditions.
Telling you about changes

If we add a new product or service that doesn't change the terms and conditions of your account, we may add the product or service immediately and let you know before you use it.

Otherwise, we'll give you at least 60 (sixty) days' notice through the Revolut app and/or email before we make any change. We'll assume you're happy with the change unless you tell us that you want to close your account before the change comes into effect.

26. Your refund rights for Revolut Card payments and SEPA direct debits

Revolut Card payments

You can ask us to refund an amount taken from your account if all of the following apply:

you agreed that a payment could be taken, but didn't agree the actual amount of the payment;
the amount taken is more than you reasonably expected in all the circumstances (including your spending pattern);
the person you paid is in the EEA;
you didn't authorise the payment directly with us;
we and the person you paid did not give you any information about the payment during the four weeks before it was taken; and
you ask us for a refund within eight weeks of the payment being taken from your account.
For example, you could get a refund if you gave a hotel permission to charge your Revolut Card for anything you take from the minibar, but the hotel has charged you more money than you could reasonably have expected at the time you gave them permission to do this.

We may ask you for more information to investigate the matter. We'll provide a refund, or tell you why we couldn't provide one, within 10 business days from the date you give us the information we ask for.

SEPA direct debits

If you have made a SEPA direct debit, the circumstances shown above do not need to apply. You will be entitled to an unconditional refund if you contact us within eight weeks of the date the payment was taken out of your account.

Reversing refunds

If we give you a refund and then find that you weren't entitled to it, you will have to pay us back.

27. Are you responsible if something goes wrong with my account, my Revolut Card or the Revolut app?

We'll do as much as reasonably possible to make sure that our services are not interrupted and are accessible at a reasonable speed. However, we can't promise that this will always be the case or that the services will be free from faults. We also rely on some third parties to provide services to you, which can sometimes disrupt our services. We’ll always do our best to solve any problems with our services, no matter what the cause.

If you have a Revolut Card, we will let you know about any changes to our system that will affect your ability to use the card.

We will not be responsible for losses resulting from us failing to meet our obligations for payments into and out of your account because: of a legal or regulatory requirement; unforeseeable events outside our control, which were unavoidable at the time; of criminal or any other illegal actions of third parties resulting in damage to you or any other person (unless specified in these terms and conditions directly); or of the blocking of your account when implementing legal requirements, including those in relation to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing.
If you can't use your Revolut Card for any reason we will only be responsible to you for replacing the card.

We will only be responsible for foreseeable losses.

If we break the agreement, we will be responsible for any loss that we could have foreseen at the time we entered into the agreement, or for the loss that results from our fraud or gross negligence.

We won't be responsible to you for any of the following, whether direct or indirect, that arises in connection with these terms and conditions: loss of income or profit; loss of goodwill or damage to your reputation; loss of business contracts or opportunities; loss of anticipated savings; or consequential loss.

Nothing in these terms and conditions removes or limits our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or from fraud or fraudulent claims and statements.

28. How you might owe us money

You cannot borrow money on your account (for example, make payments of more than the value of the money in it), although you may be able to benefit from one of our credit products. If your balance becomes negative (for example, because you do not have enough e-money to cover fees you owe us), you must within 7 (seven) days upon our request to top up your account with the required amount to correct the negative balance.

If you owe us money, we can take the amount you owe us from any amount we are due to pay to you. We call this our right of set-off.

Paying fees or other amounts you owe us (other than third-party fees for making or receiving payments)

The fees you may have to pay us are listed on our Fees page.

If you owe us fees (other than third-party fees for making or receiving a payment) or any other amount, we'll take the amount you owe us from your account, in the currency of the country you live in (your base currency).

If not enough money in your account is held in your base currency, we'll take the equivalent value from money you hold in another currency. If you don't have enough money in your account to pay the fees or other amounts you owe us, we might recover the amount in another way, as explained below.

You may be responsible for paying taxes or costs that apply to payments you make or receive through your account and that we are not responsible for collecting from you. Sometimes, for example if you're a legal resident of the Republic of Ireland or you withdraw money through an ATM in the Republic of Ireland, we may collect the appropriate amount of stamp duty up to the legal maximum as required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners. So please make sure you check for yourself!

If you owe us money and you don't top up your account or repay us within seven days, we can recover the amount by:

taking the amount you owe us from your stored card;
exercising our right of set-off; or
taking other legal steps to recover the money you owe us, such as instructing lawyers or debt collectors.
If we take any (or all) of these steps, we might charge you our reasonable costs.

29. When you might be responsible for our losses

You may be responsible to us for certain losses

If you have broken these terms and conditions, and/or this has caused us to suffer a loss, the following will apply:

you will be responsible for any foreseeable losses we suffer as a result of your action (we will try to keep the losses to a minimum); and
you will also be responsible for any reasonable legal costs that arise as a result of our losses.
30. How to make a complaint

If you’re unhappy with our service, we’ll try to put things right

We always do our best, but we realise that things sometimes go wrong. If you have a complaint, please contact us. We will accept and consider any complaint sent by you to us. Our final response to your complaint, or a letter explaining why the final response has not been completed, will be provided to you within 15 business days after your complaint has been made, and in exceptional circumstances, within 35 business days (and we will let you know if this is the case).

Out of court dispute resolution authority for complaints related to financial services

If you are unhappy with how we have dealt with your complaint, you can refer it to the Bank of Lithuania within 1 (one) year of the date you sent us your complaint. In this case the Bank of Lithuania would act as an out of court dispute resolution authority dealing with disputes between consumers and financial service providers.

Their address is: Žalgirio str. 90, 09303 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania.

You can find more information on their website.

Please note that should you wish to have a possibility to apply to the Bank of Lithuania as to the out of court dispute resolution authority, then you shall make your complaint to us within 3 (three) months from the day that you found out or should have found out about the alleged violation of your rights or legitimate interests arising from the agreement with us.

Examination of the complaint at the Bank of Lithuania is free of charge.

The out of court dispute resolution authority for consumer disputes not related to Bank of Lithuania competences is the State Consumer Rights Protection Authority.

Their address is: Vilniaus str. 25, 01402, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania.

You can find more information on their website. You can also rely on the mandatory consumer protection rules of the EEA country where you live. You can also file a complaint to the respective out-of-court dispute resolution authorities that handle consumers’ complaints in your country in relation to the financial services provided by us. The list of such authorities can be found here.

Out of court dispute resolution authority for complaints related to processing of personal data

You have the right to make a complaint to the State Data Protection Inspectorate (SDPI), the Lithuanian supervisory authority for data protection issues.

Their address is: L. Sapiegos str. 17, 10312, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania; e-mail: ada@ada.lt.

You can find more information on their website.

More information

Click here for more information about our complaints handling procedure.

How to make a complaint

If you'd just like to speak to someone about an issue that's concerning you, please contact us through the Revolut app. We can usually settle matters quickly through the app. You’ll probably need to give us the information below.

If you prefer you can make your complaint using this form. Or you can email us at formalcomplaints@revolut.com.

You’ll need to tell us:

your name and surname;
the phone number and email address associated with your account;
what the issue is;
when the problem arose; and
how you'd like us to put the matter right.
We'll look into your complaint and respond to you by email. We will communicate with you in English, unless we tell you otherwise.

Irrespective of the above, you always have the right to approach the out of court dispute resolution authorities mentioned above in relation to any complaint about our service. You also have the right to apply to any competent court if you think we have breached the law.

Legal bits and pieces

31. Permission for us to process your personal information

To provide services under the agreement we need to collect information about you. Under data protection law, we are what is known as the ‘data controller’ of your personal information. For more information about how we use your personal information, see our Privacy Policy.

By entering into the agreement you are giving us permission to gather and store your personal information for the purpose of providing our services to you. This doesn’t affect any rights and obligations you or we have under data protection law.

You can withdraw your permission by closing your account, which will end the agreement between you and us. If you do this, we’ll stop using your information for the purpose of providing our services, but we may need to keep your information for other legal reasons.

Confidentiality

By entering into this agreement you give us permission to disclose to other entities within the Revolut group (including Revolut Bank UAB and Revolut Ltd), the following information:

the fact that you are our client;
the services we provide to you;
the account number;
your account balance(s);
operations performed or being performed on your behalf;
your debt obligations to us;
circumstances of providing the financial services to you;
your financial situation and assets;
other commercial information you have provided to us when opening the account; and
your activities, plans, debt obligations or transactions with other persons.
The above information would be disclosed in case it is necessary for the performance of financial accounting, audit, risk assessment, or when we use common information systems or technical equipment (servers), or when it is necessary for the provision of services.

All of the above we call a “client secret”, which we have to protect as required by the applicable regulations.

By entering into the agreement you understand and confirm that in case you haven‘t changed your preferences in the Revolut app, other Revolut users having you in their contact list will be aware of the fact that you are our client. You can change your preferences at any time.

32. Our intellectual property

All the intellectual property in our products (for example, the content in our app and on our website, our logo and card designs) are owned by our parent company, Revolut Ltd (a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 08804411, whose registered office is at 7 Westferry Circus, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4HD, United Kingdom) and being used by us and other Revolut Group companies. You must not use this intellectual property as your own, except to enjoy our products. You also must not reverse-engineer any of our products (that is, reproduce them after a detailed examination of their construction or composition).

33. Some legal bits and pieces

Our contract with you

Only you and we have any rights under the agreement.

The agreement is personal to you and you cannot transfer any rights or obligations under it to anyone else.

Our right to transfer and assign

You permit us to transfer or assign all of our rights and obligations under these terms and conditions to any third party.

We will only transfer any of your and our rights or obligations under the agreement if it won't have a significant negative effect on your rights under these terms and conditions or we need to do so to keep to any legal or regulatory requirement. When we transfer rights and obligations we call this ‘novation’. When we only transfer rights, we call this ‘assignment’. You will be able to terminate your e-money account upon notification about the assignment.

Lithuanian law applies

The laws of the Republic of Lithuania apply to these terms and conditions and the agreement. Despite this, you can still rely on the mandatory consumer protection rules of the EEA country where you live.

The English version of the agreement applies

If these terms and conditions are translated into another language, the translation is for reference only and the English version will apply. By entering into this agreement and accepting Revolut services, you confirm that you understand English language and agree to communicate with Revolut in English language as far as the legal relations arising under this agreement are concerned including with respect to submitting and resolving any complaints.

Our right to enforce the agreement

If you have broken the agreement between you and us and we don't enforce our rights, or we delay in enforcing them, this will not prevent us from enforcing those or any other rights at a later date.

Taking legal action against us

Legal action under these terms and conditions can only be brought in the courts of the Republic of Lithuania (or in the courts of any EU Member State where you reside).


Supplement to Revolut Payments UAB Personal Terms

1. What this supplement is about

This is a supplement (the Supplement) to the Personal Terms you agreed with us, about your Revolut personal e-money account (your e-money account).

This Supplement applies if you sign up to the Demand Deposit Account of Revolut Bank UAB (Revolut Bank). It sets out how money is sent between your e-money account with us and your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank. Your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank itself is governed separately by the Demand Deposit Terms of Revolut Bank.

Being a “supplement” means it adds to the Personal Terms you agreed with us, but does not change them. This Supplement will start to apply once it is accepted by you. We can’t provide the services described in it to you unless you accept it.

We are Revolut Payments UAB, a company incorporated and licensed in the Republic of Lithuania with company number 304940980 and whose registered office is at Konstitucijos ave. 21B, 08130 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania (Revolut Payments). We are licensed to issue e-money and undertake payments services by the Bank of Lithuania. The Bank of Lithuania is the central bank and the financial supervisory authority of the Republic of Lithuania whose address is Gedimino ave. 6, 01103 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, website is www.lb.lt and phone number is +370 800 50 500.

If you have a credit card, this Supplement does not apply and does not affect any activity in the subaccount of your Revolut e-money account to which a credit card issued under the Credit Card Terms (if any) is linked. In accordance with the Credit Card terms, the balance in such a subaccount of your Revolut e-money account is separated from the balance of your Demand Deposit Account.

2. Moving money in and out, and adding money

This section sets out how your money will be automatically transferred between your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank and your e-money account whenever a payment is made from or received into your e-money account (other than into or from your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank).

What happens to my existing money?

When you accept this Supplement and sign up to Revolut Bank, we will transfer the existing balance of your e-money account with Revolut Payments to your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank.

This means that by accepting this Supplement you instruct us to transfer the existing balance of your e-money account to your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank, as described in this Supplement.

What happens if I receive a payment?

Each time you, or someone else, sends money to your e-money account, we will transfer it to your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank. This includes any time you add money (as described in section 12 of the Personal Terms).

We will make these transfers as soon as possible (and as close to instantly as we can). This means that money will only ever be held in your e-money account temporarily.

This means that by accepting this Supplement you instruct us to set up payments from your e-money account to your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank, as described in this Supplement.

Money sent to your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank will be held by Revolut Bank according to the Demand Deposit Terms you agreed with Revolut Bank. The money won’t be held by us (other than when it passes through your e-money account temporarily).

What happens if I send money or make a payment?

Whenever you send money via the Revolut app (for example, you send it to a third party bank account), pay a fee for a Revolut service (like a monthly fee for Metal or an insurance premium) or make any type of payment using Revolut at all (like a direct debit, payment link, or anything else) you instruct us to immediately send a charge request to Revolut Bank requesting funds from your Demand Deposit Account equal to the amount of money needed to make the payment. Once the requested amount is sent from your Demand Deposit Account to your e-money account, we will immediately issue you e-money and then immediately pay it out to the recipient in accordance with the Personal Terms.

Whenever you make a payment using your Revolut Card, you instruct us to immediately send a charge request to Revolut Bank requesting funds from your Demand Deposit Account equal to the amount of money needed to make the payment. Once the requested amount is sent from your Demand Deposit Account to your e-money account, we will immediately issue you e-money. However, this money will remain in your e-money account for a short time until it is paid out to the card scheme. As you have already spent the money, it will not be available to you to spend again.

As you can see, when you send or spend your money, it will be in your e-money account for a very limited period of time after it leaves your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank until it is paid out.

What happens if I add money?

You can still add money as described in section 12 of the Personal Terms. Each time you do, we will treat it like any other money sent to your account, as described under “What happens if I receive a payment?” above.

You can still use the auto-add function described in section 12 of the Personal Terms as well. Whenever your “remembered” Revolut Bank Demand Deposit Account balance drops below the amount you have set, your auto-add will add money to your account as normal. (What your “remembered” balance means is described in section 3 below.)

What happens if I make a currency conversion?

If you ask us to make a currency conversion using the Revolut app, you instruct us to immediately send a charge request to Revolut Bank requesting funds from your Demand Deposit Account equal to the amount of money needed to make the conversion. Once the requested amount is sent from your Demand Deposit Account to your e-money account, we will immediately issue you e-money and perform the conversion in your e-money account and then send the converted amount back to your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank.

This means that by accepting this Supplement you instruct us to send the converted amount to your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank, as described in this Supplement.

If you make a payment that triggers a currency conversion under the Personal Terms (for example, you buy something from a shop in £ using your Revolut Card, but you only have € in your Demand Deposit Account), we will perform the currency conversion once the money arrives in your e-money account from your Demand Deposit Account and prior to making the payment to the shop.

3. What does my account balance and transaction history show?

We keep track of all the money sent between your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank and your e-money account. Using this information, we “remember” the balance of your Revolut Bank Demand Deposit Account for you.

The balance we show you in the Revolut app is the total of your “remembered” Revolut Bank Demand Deposit Account balance and any available balance in your e-money account. We use this balance because these two amounts together represent the total amount you have available to spend.

This is also the balance we report via our Open Banking API when you use a licensed third-party provider to access your account.

To make sure the information we show you is correct, you agree that we are entitled to receive information about your Demand Deposit Account from Revolut Bank (including any information about any blocks or limitations on your Demand Deposit Account and the reasons for them). You also agree that we can send the same information to Revolut Bank about your e-money account.

The transaction history shown in your Revolut app will include all the payments you have made and received. However, to keep things simple, we do not show the automatic transactions between your Demand Deposit Account and e-money account described in section 2 in your transaction history screen. This information is shown in your transaction statements instead. For example, if you spend €5 on your Revolut Card at a shop, you’ll see the shop purchase in your transaction history screen, but you won’t see the automatic transaction from your Demand Deposit Account to your e-money account to make it happen. You can request a statement of the automatic transactions from us, but in signing up to this Supplement you agree that these transactions won’t be provided through the transaction history screen in the Revolut app or through push notifications.

4. When might this Supplement end?

What happens if I don’t have a Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank?

This Supplement is an agreement about how money is moved between your Revolut Bank Demand Deposit Account and your e-money account with Revolut Payments. If you don’t have a Demand Deposit Account, we can’t provide these services to you. For this reason, if your Demand Deposit Account with Revolut Bank is closed, this Supplement will come to an end, too. The rest of the Personal Terms will continue to apply and we’ll provide our services to you according to them.

What happens if I want to end this Supplement?

If you want to end this Supplement, but would like to keep your e-money account, let us know that via the Revolut app. We’ll need 10 business days’ notice to end it. Once it’s ended, the Personal Terms will continue to apply and we’ll provide our services to you according to them.


Terms of Service (“TOS”)
Effective Date: May 19, 2018.
Welcome.

These terms of service (“TOS”) apply to you and Rovio Entertainment Corporation, address Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland, (“Rovio”) regarding your use of Rovio´s games, websites, discussion forums and related services (“Services“). Use of the Services is also governed by Rovio´s Privacy Notice available at https://www.rovio.com/privacy, which is incorporated by reference.

For United States residents, these TOS contain a binding arbitration clause in Article 8 and a class-action waiver that affects your rights about how to resolve disputes. If you live in the United States, please read it carefully. Except where you opt out, and except for certain types of disputes described in Section 8, you agree that any disputes arising between you and Rovio will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration and you waive your right to participate in any class-action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration.

As a precondition for using the Services, you must agree to these TOS. If you accept these TOS, you represent that you are age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17 or otherwise do not have the authority to enter into agreements such as these TOS, you represent that your legal guardian, or a holder of parental responsibility, has reviewed and agreed to these TOS.

By using or otherwise accessing the Services, you agree to these TOS. If you do not agree to these TOS, you may not use or otherwise access the Services.

Unless otherwise specified by a component of an applicable Service, the Services are free to use or download but may contain features that may allow you to make purchases within the Services.

If you access the Services from a social networking site (“SNS“), such as Facebook, you agree to comply with its terms of service as well as these TOS.

Rovio may issue additional policies related to specific components of the Services (including, but not limited to, forums, contests, sweepstakes or loyalty programs). Your right to use the Services is subject to such relevant policies and these TOS.
1. Right to Use the Services

Subject to these TOS, Rovio hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use. The rights granted to you are subject to your compliance with these TOS.

Except as previously set forth, you do not receive any other license. Rovio retains all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including, but not limited to, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, proprietary rights, patents, titles, computer codes, audiovisual effects, themes, characters, character names, stories, dialog, settings, artwork, sound effects, musical works, gameplay recordings made using the Services, moral rights, whether registered or not and all applications thereof. Unless expressly authorized by law, the Services may not be copied, reproduced or distributed in any manner or medium, in whole or in part, without Rovio’s prior written consent. Rovio reserves all rights not expressly granted to you herein.

The Services and its contents are licensed, not sold. You agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears in the Service, including, but not limited to, the Virtual Items or currency appearing in or originating from the Services, whether earned in the Services or purchased from Rovio or third parties.
2. Purchases in the Services

Rovio may license to you certain virtual goods to be used within the Service and which you may purchase with “real world” money or which you may earn or redeem via gameplay (“Virtual Items“). Virtual Items are licensed to you on a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable basis and are intended solely for non-commercial use.

Rovio may manage, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items at any time, with or without notice.

The transfer of Virtual Items is prohibited except where expressly authorized in the Services, as applicable.

Virtual Items do not have an equivalent value in real world money and are not a substitute for real world money. Neither Rovio nor any other person or entity has any obligation to exchange Virtual Items for anything of value. Rovio is not liable for hacking or loss of your Virtual Items.

Price and availability of Virtual Items are subject to change without notice.

By law, all purchases and redemptions of Virtual Items made through the Services are final and non-refundable. You acknowledge and consent that the provision of Virtual Items for use in the Services is a process that commences immediately upon purchase and that you forfeit your right of cancelation once the process has commenced.

Accordingly, you agree that Rovio is not required to provide a refund for Virtual Items for any reason. You further acknowledge that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused Virtual Items, regardless of whether your loss of license under these TOS was voluntary or involuntary.

If you ask for your personal data to be deleted as described in Rovio’s Privacy Notice, you will permanently forfeit all of your Virtual Items without the right to refund, as Rovio will no longer be able associate such Virtual Items with you.
3. Code of Conduct

You agree that you will not, under any circumstances:

    Use, either directly or indirectly, any cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized third-party software designed to modify or interfere with the Services.
    Use the Services in violation of any applicable law or regulation.
    Use the Services for commercial purposes, including, but not limited to, to advertising, or solicitation, or transmission of any commercial advertisements such as spam emails, chain letters, pyramid or other get-rich-quick schemes.
    Use the Services for fraudulent or abusive purposes including, but not limited to, using the Services to impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person, entity or the Services;
    Disrupt, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect the normal flow of the Services or otherwise act in a manner that may negatively affect other users’ experience when using the Services.
    Disrupt, overburden, or aid or assist in the disruption or overburdening of any computer or servers used to offer or support the Services.
    Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, to accounts registered to others or to the computers, servers, or networks connected to the Services by any means other than the user interface provided by Rovio, including, but not limited to, by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person to circumvent or modify, any security, technology, device, encryption, or software that is part of the Services.
    Post any information, content or other material (or post links to any information or content) that contains nudity, excessive violence or is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously offensive or otherwise objectionable.
    Engage in ongoing toxic behavior, such as repeatedly posting information on an unsolicited basis.
    Attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person, group, including Rovio employees, directors, officers, and customer service representatives.
    Make available through the Services any material or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or other right of any person or entity, or which impersonates any other person, including, but not limited to, a Rovio employee, director or officer.
    Unless specifically authorized by law, attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack any of the Services, or to defeat or overcome any of the encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by Rovio, or to obtain any information from the Services using any method not expressly permitted by Rovio.
    Solicit or attempt to solicit login information or any other login credentials or personal information from other users of the Services.
    Harvest, scrape or collect any information about or regarding other people that use the Services, including, but not limited to, through use of pixel tags, cookies, GIFs or similar items that are sometimes also referred to as spyware.
    Post anyone’s private information, including personally identifiable information/personal data (whether in text, image or video form), identification documents, or financial information through the Services.
    Engage in any act that Rovio deems to conflict with the spirit or intent of the Services or make improper use of Rovio´s support services.

4. Third-Party Services

Services may include links to third-party services (including, but not limited to, advertisements displayed by third parties) and/or the third-party services may be made available to you via Services. These services may include, but are not limited to gameplay recording and sharing, social media connectivity and advertisements. These services are subject to respective third party terms and conditions. Please read these third-party terms and conditions, carefully as they constitute an agreement between you and the relevant third-party service provider to which Rovio is not a party.
5. Accounts and Login Information

Certain elements of the Services may enable you to create an account or otherwise register with the Services (“Account”). You may be required to select a password for your Account or you may also use other credentials to access the Account (“Login Information“). You agree that you will not give your Login Information to anyone else or allow anyone else to use your Login Information or Account. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Information, and you are responsible for all uses thereof, including purchases. Rovio may assume that anyone logging into your Account using your Login Information is either you or someone logging in with your permission.

Rovio reserves the right to delete your Account if Rovio observes no activity by you in relation to the Account for 180 days or more. In such event, you may no longer be able to access and/or use any Virtual Items associated with that Account and no refund will be offered to you.
6. User Contributions

The Services may allow you to create content, including, but not limited to, gameplay maps, characters, screenshots or videos of your gameplay (collectively “User Contributions”).

In exchange for use of the Services, you hereby grant Rovio a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to use your User Contributions in any way and for any purposes including, but not limited to, the right to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the public by any current or future means and to distribute your User Contributions without any further notice or compensation to you of any kind.

Where not expressly prohibited by law, you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution with respect to Rovio’s and other players’ use and enjoyment of your User Contributions in connection with the Services and related goods and services under applicable law. This grant of license to Rovio, and the foregoing waiver of any applicable moral rights, survives any termination of these TOS.

Rovio, its directors, officers and employees do not accept or consider unsolicited idea or product submissions of any kind (e.g. game or other product ideas, stories, screenplays, artwork, musical or audiovisual works, concepts or any other creative materials) in any format, by means of any transmission (“Unsolicited Content”). Please do not submit any Unsolicited Content to Rovio or its directors, officers or employees. However, if you submit Unsolicited Content to us, you agree that such Unsolicited Content will not be treated as confidential, regardless of what you otherwise state in your accompanying message. You further agree that such Unsolicited Content may be used and exploited by Rovio without compensation to you or any third party and you grant Rovio a perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, fully paid, royalty free, sub-licensable and transferable (in whole or in part) worldwide license to use, exploit, reproduce, transmit, amend, display and exhibit Unsolicited Content in all current or future media for any purpose and to create derivative works based upon the Unsolicited Content.
7. Communications between Users of the Services

Rovio assumes no responsibility for the conduct of other users of the Services and assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Services for inappropriate content or conduct. Rovio does not, and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all content or conduct of users. Your use of the Services is at your own risk.

By using the Services, you may be exposed to content or conduct that is offensive, indecent or otherwise not in line with your values. Rovio may utilize technology to monitor and/or record your interactions with the Services or communications (including, but not limited to, chat text) when you are using the Services. You irrevocably consent to such monitoring and recording. Accordingly, you agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of any content within the Services, including, but not limited to, chat text or voice communications.

Rovio reserves the right at its sole discretion to review, monitor, prohibit, edit, delete, disable access to or otherwise make unavailable any content made available by users of the Service without notice for any reason or for no reason at any time. If at any time Rovio chooses, at its sole discretion, to monitor the Services, Rovio nonetheless assumes no responsibility for content made available by users of the Services, and Rovio assumes no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate content.
8. Binding arbitration / Class waiver

If you are a United States resident or otherwise make any claim against Rovio in the United States, you expressly agree that any legal claim, dispute or other controversy between you and Rovio arising out of or otherwise relating in any way to Services, including controversies relating to the applicability, enforceability or validity of any provision of these TOS or Rovio´s Privacy Policy (collectively “Disputes”), shall be resolved in confidential binding arbitration conducted before one commercial arbitrator from the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), rather than in a court, as described herein. The arbitration will be governed by the AAA’s commercial arbitration rules and, if the arbitrator deems them applicable, the supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes (collectively “Rules and Procedures”). You acknowledge that you are voluntarily and knowingly forfeiting your right to a trial by jury and to otherwise proceed in a lawsuit in state or federal court.

Payment of arbitration costs will be governed by the AAA’s fee schedule, unless you are able to show that your portion will be prohibitive as compared to litigation costs, in which case Rovio will pay as much of your arbitration costs as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive as compared to litigation costs. Rovio also reserves the right in its sole and exclusive discretion to assume responsibility for all arbitration costs imposed by the AAA. Each party agrees to pay its own attorneys’ fees and expenses unless there is a governing statutory provision that requires the prevailing party to be paid attorneys’ fees and expenses.

The arbitration may be conducted in Los Angeles, California or, upon your request, in the city closest to you location where AAA maintains an office. The arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding on you and Rovio and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.

For more information on AAA, its Rules and Procedures, and how to file an arbitration claim, you may call AAA at 800-778-7879 or visit the AAA website at www.adr.org.

As an exception to the binding arbitration rule, to the extent the Dispute arises from:

    A violation of Rovio´s intellectual property rights in any manner;
    Any claim related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, unauthorized use or a violation of the United States Computer Fraud and Abuse Act or Section “Code of conduct” of these TOS; and
    Any claim for equitable relief;

then both parties agree that a party may seek injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any court with jurisdiction over the other party. In addition to the foregoing, either party may assert an individual action in small claims court for Claims that are within the scope of such court’s jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration.

To the extent permissible under applicable law, all Disputes shall be resolved by binding confidential arbitration on an individual basis. You expressly agree that no other Disputes shall be consolidated or joined with your Dispute, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.  You and Rovio agree that there is no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures, there is no right or authority for any dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity or as a private attorney general, and no arbitration shall be joined with any other arbitration.

You may opt out of this obligation to arbitrate. If you do so, neither you nor Rovio can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify Rovio in writing within 30 days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision. You must use this address to opt out: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, ATTN: Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland. You must include your name and residence address and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration clause.

To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, ATTN: Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland requesting arbitration and describing your claim.

Rovio will provide 30-days’ notice of any changes to this Section “Binding arbitration/ Class waiver” through the Services or via other similar means. Changes will become effective on the 30th day and will apply prospectively only to any claims arising after the 30th day.
9. Suspension and Termination for your Breach

Without limiting any other remedies available to Rovio, if Rovio believes that you are in breach of these TOS, Rovio reserves the right to take any of the following actions, whether individually or in combination, and either with or without notice to you: (i) delete, suspend and/or modify your Account or parts of your Account; (ii) limit, suspend and/or terminate your access to the Services; (iii) modify and/or remove any of your Virtual Items; (iv) reset and/or modify any game progression or benefits and privileges associated with you, such as any level or score you have reached in the Services.
10. Availability of the Services

Rovio may limit, suspend or terminate the Services, or portions thereof, and take technical and legal steps to prevent users from accessing the Services if Rovio believes they are creating risk or possible legal liabilities, infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, or not acting in accordance with the letter or spirit of these TOS.

Rovio reserves the right to stop offering and/or supporting the Services or a part thereof (e.g. a game or a feature of a game) at any time, at which point your license to use the Services or a part thereof will be terminated automatically. In such an event, unless otherwise required by applicable law, Rovio does not have to provide refunds for Virtual Items or other items in connection with such discontinued Services.
11. Disclaimer

To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, the Services are provided to you “AS IS,” without warranty, assurances or guarantees of any kind. It may have defects, and your use is solely at your risk. Rovio does not make, and hereby disclaims any and all express, implied or statutory warranties, including implied warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, accuracy of data (including, but not limited to, location data), merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights, and warranties (if any) arising in the course of dealing, usage, or trade practices. Rovio does not warrant against interference with your enjoyment of the Services; that the Services will meet your requirements; that operation of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free; that the Services will interoperate or be compatible with any other services; or, that any errors in the Services will be corrected. No oral or written advice provided by Rovio, its employees or other representatives constitute a warranty.

Some jurisdictions do not allow disclaimers such as those set forth above; thus, the above terms may not apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimers shall only apply to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions. Moreover, you may have additional legal rights in your jurisdiction, and nothing in these TOS shall infringe upon the statutory rights that you may have as a consumer of the Services.
12. Limitations of Liability

In no way will Rovio be liable for special, incidental or consequential damages resulting from access, use or malfunction of the Services, including but not limited to, damages to property, loss of goodwill, device failure or malfunction and, to the extent permitted by law, damages for personal injuries, property damage, lost profits or punitive damages from any causes of action arising out of or related to these TOS or the Services, whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, strict liability or otherwise and whether or not Rovio has been advised of the possibility of such damages. For purposes of Article 12 “Limitations of Liability,” Rovio’s licensors and other partners are third-party beneficiaries to the limitations of liability specified herein and may enforce these TOS against you.

In no way will Rovio´s total aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these TOS, the Privacy Notice or the Services exceed the higher of: (i) the actual price (if any) you paid for the license to use Virtual Items; or (ii) one hundred euros (€100). The exclusions and limitations of damages are fundamental elements of the basis of the agreement between Rovio and you.

Some jurisdictions do not allow certain limitations of liability such as these stated above; thus, the above terms may not apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations of liability shall apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions. Moreover, you may have additional legal rights in your jurisdiction, and nothing in these TOS will infringe upon any statutory rights you may have as a consumer of the Services.

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Rovio (and Rovio´s officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other losses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third-party resulting from or arising out of your use of the Services, or any breach by you of these TOS; however, the foregoing does not apply if the third-party claim is not attributable to your intentional or negligent behavior.
13. Copyright and DMCA

If you believe the Services or any of its content infringes your copyrights, please send a notice to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland or alternatively via email to: legal@rovio.com. Notices sent to the specified address will reach Rovio´s registered DMCA agent.

Please include all of the following in your DMCA notice:

    Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed. If your DMCA notice covers multiple works, you may provide a representative list of such works.
    Identify what you claim is the infringing material, including a description of where the material is located. Your description must be reasonably sufficient to enable Rovio to locate the material.
    Provide your full legal name, mailing address, telephone number, and (if available) email address.

Include the following statement in the body of the DMCA notice:

“I have a good-faith belief that the use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I represent that the information in this DMCA notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner of the copyright or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.”

Please note that under 17 U.S.C. 512(f), if you knowingly misrepresent that a material or activity is causing infringement, you may be liable for damages, including the costs and attorneys’ fees incurred by us or our users. If you are unsure whether the material or activity you are reporting is causing infringement, you may wish to contact an attorney before serving a notice to Rovio.
14. Links to Third-party Products and Services

Rovio may link to third-party websites or services from the Services. You understand that Rovio makes no promises regarding any content, goods or services provided by such third parties and, you understand Rovio does not endorse them. Rovio is also not responsible to you in relation to any losses or harm caused by such third parties. Any charges you incur in relation to these third parties are your responsibility. You understand that when you provide data to such third parties you are providing it in accordance with their privacy policy (if any) and you understand Rovio´s Privacy Notice does not apply in relation to such data.
15. Changes to these TOS

Notwithstanding Article 8 “Binding arbitration / Class Waiver,” Rovio may update these TOS from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When Rovio updates these TOS, Rovio will take appropriate measures to inform you via the Services or otherwise, in accordance with the significance of the changes Rovio makes.

By continuing to access or use the Services after updates become effective, you agree to be bound by the updated TOS.
16. Governing Law


If you are a United States resident, in addition to Article 8 above, “Binding Arbitration / Class Waiver,” these TOS are governed by the laws of the State of California and applicable federal laws regardless of conflict of law provisions.


 If you are a resident outside the United States, you agree that all disputes between you and Rovio shall be governed by the laws of Finland, regardless of conflict of law provisions. You agree that any claim or dispute you may file against Rovio must be resolved exclusively by a court located in Espoo, Finland.


If the jurisdiction of your domicile prohibits Rovio from enforcing the governing law provision, nothing in these TOS limits your rights based on the laws governing your domicile.
17. Assignment, Severability and Entire Agreement

Rovio may assign these TOS, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under these TOS or the Privacy Notice without Rovio’s prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and delegation by you is void.

If any provision of these TOS is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these TOS will remain in full force and effect. Rovio’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these TOS will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.

This TOS and Privacy Notice set out the entire agreement between you and Rovio regarding the Services and supersede all earlier agreements and understandings between you and Rovio.

Any failure by Rovio to exercise or enforce any of its rights under these TOS does not waive its right to enforce such right. Any waiver of such rights shall only be effective if it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Rovio.

If you have any questions about these TOS, please contact support@rovio.com.

Terms of Use of the Ryanair Website

1. General

The owner of this website is Ryanair DAC, an Irish company, No 104547, located at Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside Business Park, Swords, Co. Dublin, Ireland (“Ryanair”). By using this website or its content, whether directly or through a third party, you agree to be legally bound by and act in accordance with these Terms of Use. In particular you agree not to do the acts prohibited under paragraphs 3 to 7 below. If you disagree with these Terms of Use, you are not permitted to, and agree not to, use this website or its content. 

2. Exclusive online distribution channel.

This website is the only website authorised to sell Ryanair Group flights (where “Ryanair Group” includes Ryanair DAC, Ryanair Sun, Ryanair UK, Laudamotion and Malta Air), whether on their own or together with any other services. Price comparison websites may apply to enter into a written Licence Agreement with Ryanair, which permits such websites to access Ryanair Group airlines’ price, flight and timetable information for the sole purpose of price comparison.

3. Permitted use.

You are not permitted to use this website (including the mobile app and any webpage and/or data that passes through the web domain at ryanair.com), its underlying computer programs (including application programming interfaces (“APIs”)), domain names, Uniform Resource Locators (“URLs”), databases, functions or its content other than for private, non-commercial purposes. Use of any automated system or software, whether operated by a third party or otherwise, to extract any data from this website for commercial purposes (“screen scraping”) is strictly prohibited. 

4. Reservation of all rights to ensure permitted use and/or prevent unauthorised use.

Ryanair reserves the absolute right to take all actions it considers necessary against all parties howsoever involved in the unauthorised use of its website and without notice, in order to vindicate its rights and prevent such unauthorised use, including using blocking technology (which may itself involve conducting automated searches of such parties’ websites, screen scraping therefrom, causing such parties to screen scrape Ryanair’s website, breaching the terms of use such parties’ websites, or any similar or associated actions) and/or issuing legal proceedings.

5. Consent to Ryanair investigating breaches.

Ryanair reserves the absolute right to conduct all necessary investigations (whether by the use of technology or otherwise) of any breaches of these Terms of Use. By accessing this website, you consent to Ryanair conducting all necessary investigations to prevent unauthorised use of its website.

6. Intellectual property.

All information, data, underlying computer programs (including APIs), domain names, URLs, databases, and materials presented on this website, including names, logos, flight schedules, prices, etc., as well as the colour scheme and the layout of the website, are subject to copyright, trade mark rights, database rights and/or other intellectual property rights. You may use such content only as strictly required for permitted personal, non-commercial purposes. Any other use and/or reproduction of such content, without the prior written consent of Ryanair, is prohibited and will constitute a breach of these Terms of Use and may infringe Ryanair’s IP rights.

7. Links to this website.

You may not establish and/or operate links to this website without the prior written consent of Ryanair. 

8. Limited liability.

Ryanair will not be held liable for any losses and/or damages arising from the use of this website or of any other website to which this website provides a link, and/or from the use of information presented on this or any such other website.

9. Applicable law and jurisdiction.

It is a condition precedent to the use of any Ryanair Group website, including access to information relating to flight details, costs, etc., that any such party submits to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Republic of Ireland and to the application of the law in that jurisdiction (except as otherwise provided by mandatory consumer law provisions), including any party accessing such information or facilities on their own behalf or on behalf of others. In the absolute and sole discretion of Ryanair, a legal action may be brought by Ryanair against any party in breach of these terms and conditions, at its election, in Ireland or the place of breach or the domicile of that party, and, if more than one party, in the domicile of any one of those parties, and all other parties shall submit to that jurisdiction. For the sake of clarity, where a passenger or person carried or to be carried pursuant to a contract of carriage with any of the Ryanair Group airlines wishes to institute proceedings against a Ryanair Group airline on foot of that contract for carriage, then those proceedings shall be brought by the passenger solely in accordance with the provisions of the Montreal Convention 1999 and EU Regulation No. 2027/1997 (as amended by Regulation No. 889/2002) or such further amendment to the Montreal Convention or further amendment by Regulation as may arise from time to time.

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE OR USING THE PRODUCT(S) OR SKYPE WEBSITES

Key Points

It is important that you read the entirety of and understand this document. There are, however, a few key points that we need to emphasise:

NO ACCESS TO EMERGENCY SERVICES: The Software is not a replacement for your ordinary mobile or fixed line telephone. In particular, apart from in the very limited circumstances set out in paragraph 5.6 of these Terms (applicable to Skype’s Internet Communications Software only), the Software does not allow you to make emergency calls to emergency services. You must make alternative communications arrangements to ensure that you can make emergency calls if needed.

CHECK RESTRICTIONS ON USE: In some countries there are restrictions on the use of the Software. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are legally allowed to use the Software where you are located.

NO OWNERSHIP OF NUMBERS: If Skype allocates to you a Skype Number (previously known as “Online Number”) or Skype To Go Number, you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever. Skype may need to change or withdraw the number allocated to you from time to time. You will not transfer or attempt to transfer your Skype Number or Skype To Go Number to anyone else. You must ensure you comply with any allocation requirements displayed when purchasing a Skype Number as failure to do so could result in the number being withdrawn. Please see also paragraph 19.1.

SKYPE CREDIT BECOMES INACTIVE AFTER 180 DAYS: If you purchase Skype Credit please be aware that it becomes inactive after 180 days of inactivity. Please see also paragraph 9.2.

ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: If you live in the USA and select Pay by Mobile (see paragraph 20), a binding arbitration clause and class action waiver affects your rights to resolve a dispute with Skype, its corporate affiliates, or other third parties including mobile phone carriers. Please read paragraph 20.3 carefully.

1. YOUR AGREEMENT WITH SKYPE

1.1 Skype’s internet communication software applications (“Internet Communications Software”), other “Skype” branded software applications (together the “Skype Software”), the “Qik” branded software applications (“Qik Software”) and associated documentation (whether in printed or electronic form) including any improvements, modifications, enhancements, fixes, updates, upgrades and future versions thereto (“Updates”) and whether made available for free or for a fee, (collectively the “Software”) are licensed (not sold) to you by Skype Software Sàrl.

1.2 The features and products that are made available through the Software for free (excluding products or features available for free on a trial basis only) (“Free Products”) are provided to you by Skype Software Sàrl.

1.3 Any additional products or features of the Skype Software or Qik Software, or other “Skype” or “Qik” branded products, that you pay for (including products or features available for free on a trial basis only) (“Paid For Products”) are provided to you by Skype Communications Sàrl.

1.4 “Skype Websites” means www.skype.com, www.qik.com (both of which are operated by Skype Communications Sàrl) and any other websites authorised by Skype which link to these Terms.

1.5 “Skype’’ means Skype Software Sàrl, 23 – 29 Rives de Clausen, L-2165 Luxembourg or Skype Communications Sàrl, 23 – 29 Rives de Clausen, L-2165 Luxembourg as the context requires;
“Products” means collectively the Free Products and Paid For Products;
“you” or “your” means you, the registered holder of the User Account (as described in paragraph 6.1) and licensee under these Terms.

1.6 Your agreement with Skype is made up of the terms and conditions set out in this document, together with any fair usage policies described in this document and Additional Terms referred to in paragraph 14 (collectively the “Terms”). To the extent of any inconsistency between the fair usage policies or any Additional Terms and this document, this document shall take precedence.

2. ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS

2.1 In order to download and/or use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites you must first accept these Terms.These Terms are accepted by you (a) when you click to accept or agree to the Terms; or (b) when you download and/or use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites. We advise you to print a copy of these Terms for your records. These Terms remain effective from the date of acceptance until terminated by you or Skype in accordance with paragraph 11.

2.2 You cannot accept these Terms if: (a) you are not lawfully entitled to use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites in the country in which you are located or reside or (b) if you are not of legal age to form a binding agreement with Skype.

2.3 In some countries the Products may be provided to you by Skype’s local partner. If so, that local partner may ask you to accept its own terms of service (“local terms”). If there is any inconsistency between those local terms and these Terms, then the local terms shall govern to the extent of that inconsistency.



3. CHANGES TO THE TERMS

3.1 Skype may make changes to these Terms from time to time. Skype will publish the changes at www.skype.com/go/tou. Changes to the fair usage policies and/or Additional Terms will be posted on the applicable Skype Website. The changes will be effective when published. Please review the Terms on a regular basis. You understand and agree that your express acceptance of the Terms or your use of the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites after the date of publication shall constitute your agreement to the updated Terms. If you do not agree with the amended Terms, you may terminate your relationship with Skype in accordance with paragraph 11 below.

4. LICENCE

4.1 Licence. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, free of charge license to download and install the Software on a personal computer, mobile phone or other device; and personally use the Software through your individual Skype or Qik user account (as applicable) (“User Account”). For the avoidance of doubt, (a) IT administrators working on behalf of a company may download and install the Skype Software onto personal computers or other devices used by personnel of such company; and (b) you are permitted to use the Software at a university or other educational institution, or at work. Skype reserves all rights not expressly granted to you under these Terms.

4.2 Restrictions. You may not and you agree not to:

(a) sub-license, sell, assign, rent, lease, export, import, distribute or transfer or otherwise grant rights to any third party in the Software;

(b) undertake, cause, permit or authorise the modification, creation of derivative works or improvements, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, decryption, emulation, hacking, discovery or attempted discovery of the source code or protocols of the Software or any part or features thereof (except to the extent permitted by law);

(c) remove, obscure or alter any copyright notices or other proprietary notices included in the Software;

(d) use the Software or cause the Software (or any part of it) to be used within or to provide commercial products or services to third parties. The foregoing shall not preclude you using the Software for your own business communications, subject to paragraph 4.1 above;

(e) other than for the purposes of download and installation, use the Software except through your User Account.

4.3 Third-Party Technology. If you are using Software pre-loaded on, embedded in, combined, distributed or used with or downloaded onto third party products, hardware, software applications, programs or devices (“Third-Party Technology”), you agree and acknowledge that: (a) you may be required to enter into a separate licence agreement with the relevant third party owner or licensor for the use of such Third-Party Technology; (b) some Products and/or functionality may not be accessible through the Third-Party Technology and (c) Skype cannot guarantee that the Software shall always be available on or in connection with such Third-Party Technology.

4.4 Third Party Notices. The Software may include third party code that Skype, not the third party, licenses to you under this agreement. Notices, if any, for the third party code are included for your information only. Third party scripts, linked to, called or referenced from the Software, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Skype.

5. USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND PRODUCTS AND SKYPE WEBSITES

5.1 Equipment: In order to use the Software and the Products you will need an Internet broadband connection. You are responsible for providing all equipment required to access the Internet or enable communications such as headsets, microphones and webcams.

5.2 Use of Your Equipment: The Internet Communications Software may use the processing capabilities, memory and bandwidth of the computer (or other applicable device) you are using, for the limited purpose of facilitating the communication and establishing the connection between Internet Communications Software users. If your use of the Internet Communications Software is dependent upon the use of a processor and bandwidth owned or controlled by a third party, you acknowledge and agree that your licence to use the Internet Communications Software is subject to you obtaining consent from the relevant third party for such use. You represent and warrant that by accepting these Terms, you have obtained such consent.

5.3 Updates to the Software: Skype may automatically check your version of the Skype Software. You may be required to enter into an updated version of these Terms to be able to download or otherwise take advantage of any Updates. Skype has no obligation to make available any Updates. However, Skype may (a) require you to download and install Updates; or (b) download and install Updates from Skype automatically from time to time unless you have chosen (through your Skype client settings) not to receive automatic Updates. Microsoft Corporation or its affiliates and subsidiaries may also automatically download updates to the Skype Software for Windows, if you have chosen to receive Microsoft Updates. These updates are required to maintain software compatibility, provide security updates or bug fixes, or offer new features, functionality or versions. You agree to receive such updates from Skype in order to continue using the Skype Software and you agree to accept such Updates subject to these Terms.

5.4 Suspension, technical improvement and maintenance: From time to time, Skype may need to perform maintenance on or upgrade the Software, Products or Skype Websites or the underlying infrastructure that enables you to use the Software, Products or Skype Websites. This may require Skype to temporarily suspend or limit your use of some or all of the Software, Products or Skype Websites until such time as this maintenance and/or upgrade can be completed. To the extent possible and unless an intervention is urgently required, Skype will publish the time and date of such suspension or limitation on the Skype Website in advance. You will not be entitled to claim damages for such suspension or limitation of the use of any Software, Product or Skype Website.

5.5 No Access to Emergency Services: Neither the Products nor the Software are intended to support or carry emergency calls to any type of hospitals, law enforcement agencies, medical care unit or any other kind of services that connect a user to emergency services personnel or public safety answering points (“Emergency Services”). There are important differences between traditional telephone services and the Products. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Skype is not required to offer access to Emergency Services under any applicable local and/or national rules, regulations or law; (ii) it is your responsibility to purchase, separately from the Products, traditional wireless (mobile) or fixed line telephone services that offer access to Emergency Services, and (iii) the Software and the Products are not a replacement for your primary telephone service. Find out more about calling 112, the dedicated emergency number for the EU at www.skype.com/go/emergency.

5.6 Limited Emergency Calling (Internet Communications Software Only and Not Applicable to the Qik Software)

5.6.1 In a very limited number of countries, and for defined Internet Communications Software versions and platforms only, Skype will try to provide limited emergency calling as a stand-alone feature but can provide no commitment in this respect. Click here for the listing of countries (“Enabled Countries”) and software versions and other platforms (“Enabled Versions”) that enable limited Skype emergency calling. Skype emergency calling is not available for any other countries, versions or platforms. You should keep traditional wireless (mobile) or fixed line telephone services available for your calls to Emergency Services and use Skype’s limited emergency calling only as an absolute last resort. In particular, please also note that:

(i) power cut, battery failure or internet connection failure can lead to a Skype call failure, including your call to Emergency Services. Additionally, any of the quality limitations set out in paragraph 5.9 below, may otherwise affect successful call connection.

(ii) where available, an emergency call made using the Internet Communications Software in an enabled country may not receive the same network priority as a call made using traditional wireless (mobile) or fixed line telephone services.

(iii) if your emergency call is connected, you will need to tell the Emergency Services operator that you speak to where you are physically located so that the correct emergency organisation can respond to your emergency and knows where to find you. If you do not provide this information when prompted, you acknowledge that your emergency call may not be completed and you will not be able to gain access to your required Emergency Services using the Internet Communications Software. Skype will have no liability for your failed emergency call in such circumstances.

(iv) other than for the Enabled Countries and Enabled Versions, Skype does not provide limited emergency calling in any country or for or in conjunction with any Products or using any platforms, devices, services or operating systems (including any products, platforms, devices, services or operating systems developed by third parties using Skype’s APIs, any of Skype’s software development kits or otherwise).

5.6.2 In Enabled Countries, you should configure the limited emergency calling functionality by setting your default location for emergency calling in the Call Settings page of your desktop Internet Communications Software (if you are using a 4.1 version for Windows (or later) or version 2.8 for Mac OS X (or later)). It is your responsibility to ensure that this location information is correct and kept up-to-date if your physical address changes. Skype does not support emergency calls in the majority of countries around the world. Where limited emergency calling is supported Skype will not charge you to make an emergency call and you do not need to have a Skype Credit balance. If however your country is not supported for limited emergency calling then you should not attempt to, and agree not to, make any emergency calls using your Internet Communications Software. If, with your permission, another user uses your User Account, it is your responsibility to inform that user of the limited circumstances in which limited emergency calling is available.

5.7 Content of Communications: Skype is not the source of, does not verify or endorse and takes no responsibility for the content of communications made using the Software. By using the Software, you agree that any content that you submit may be transmitted to the recipient of your communication. The content of communications is entirely the responsibility of the person from whom such content originated. You therefore may be exposed to content that is offensive, unlawful, harmful to minors, obscene, indecent or otherwise objectionable. The content of communications may be protected by intellectual property rights, which are owned by third parties. You are responsible for the content you choose to communicate and access using the Software. In particular, you are responsible for ensuring that you do not submit material that is (i) copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner (ii) a falsehood or misrepresentation (iii) offensive, unlawful, harmful to minors, obscene, defamatory, libellous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law, or is otherwise objectionable; (iv) an advertisement or solicitation of business; or (v) impersonating another person. Skype reserves the right (but shall have no obligation) to review content for the purpose of enforcing these Terms. Skype may in its sole discretion block, prevent delivery of or otherwise remove the content of communications as part of its effort to protect the Software, Products or its customers, or otherwise enforce these Terms. Further, Skype may in its sole discretion remove such content and/or terminate these Terms and your User Account if you use any content that is in breach of these Terms.

5.8 Notice and Take-Down If Skype receives any notification that any material that you post, upload, edit, host, share and/or publish on the Skype Website or through the Software (excluding your private communications) (“User Submission”) is inappropriate, infringes any rights of any third party, or if Skype wishes to remove your User Submission for any reason whatsoever, Skype reserves the right to automatically remove such User Submission for any reason immediately or within such other timescales as may be decided from time to time by Skype in its sole discretion. The User Submission shall be taken down without any admission as to liability and without prejudice to any rights, remedies or defenses, all of which are expressly reserved. You acknowledge and agree that Skype is under no obligation to put back such User Submission at any time. If User Submissions infringe, or if you believe that User Submissions infringe any of your rights (including intellectual property rights) or are unlawful, please contact us immediately by following our notice and takedown procedure. Click here to view the Notice and Takedown Procedure. Skype reserves the right to ask for verification of your identity and to seek further information to verify your complaint. You agree that you are solely responsible for the consequences resulting from your complaint (including but not limited to removal or blocking of the User Submission) and you acknowledge and agree that any complaint may be used in court proceedings. Any false, misleading or inaccurate information provided by you may result in civil and criminal liability.

5.9 Quality: Skype cannot guarantee that the Software, Products or Skype Websites will always function without disruptions, delay or errors. A number of factors may impact the quality of your communications and use of the Software, Products (depending on the Products used) or Skype Websites, and may result in the failure of your communications including but not limited to: your local network, firewall, your internet service provider, the public internet, the public switched telephone network and your power supply. Skype takes no responsibility for any disruption, interruption or delay caused by any failure of or inadequacy in any of these items or any other items over which we have no control.

5.10 Changes to Products: Skype is constantly improving the Software and Products and may also need to change technical features from time to time in order to comply with applicable regulations. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that the Products and functionality of the Software may vary from time to time. Technical requirements for use of Products and Software and feature descriptions are available on the Skype Website. If you do not agree with any changes to Software and Products you may terminate your relationship with Skype in accordance with paragraph 11. You may need to upgrade to a new version in order to enjoy the benefit of certain Products. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that certain Products may be subject to usage limits or geographical restrictions, which may vary from time to time. Please check the Skype Website for details of the most up-to-date usage restrictions that apply to the Products that you are using.

5.11 Unsolicited Ideas Skype does not consider or accept unsolicited proposals or ideas, including without limitation ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements (“Unsolicited Feedback”). If you send any Unsolicited Feedback to Skype through the Skype Website or otherwise, you acknowledge and agree that Skype shall not be under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Unsolicited Feedback.

5.12 Reports Certain parts of the Skype Websites or the Software may ask for written suggestions or problem reports such as using our contact form or problem report form (“Reports”). Please read carefully any specific terms, which govern those Reports. The Reports shall be deemed the property of Skype. Skype shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to the Reports throughout the universe in perpetuity and shall be entitled to use the Reports for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Reports. Any Reports you send to Skype will not be treated as confidential and Skype shall not be liable for any disclosure of the Reports.

5.13 Linking You may link to the Skype Website from another website owned by you, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement by Skype where none exists. You may not frame the Site on any other site. Skype provides a Qik branded embeddable flash player feature which you may incorporate into your own personal, non-commercial website for use in accessing the materials on the Qik branded Skype Website. Skype may revoke the permission to link to the Skype Websites at any time at its sole discretion and will notify you in this respect.

6. YOUR OBLIGATIONS

6.1 User Account. Prior to your first use of the Skype Software and your first use of the Qik Software, you will be asked to create a User Account and choose a user ID and password. We recommend that you choose a password that is hard to guess and consists of letters, numbers and symbols. You may only use the Software through your User Account. You are solely responsible and liable for all activities conducted through your User Account. To prevent unauthorised use, you shall keep your password confidential and shall not share it with any third party or use it to access third party websites or services. If you suspect that someone else knows your password, then you shall immediately change it in order to protect the security of your User Account. It is your responsibility to ensure that you do not respond to any unsolicited requests for credit card details, passwords or other data. Skype takes no responsibility for your failure to comply with the obligations in this paragraph 6.1.

6.2 Lawful Use: You must use the Software, Products and Skype Websites in accordance with the laws of where you are located. In some countries there are restrictions on the download and use of the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are legally allowed to use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites where you are located.

6.3 Prohibited Use: You may not:

(a) intercept or monitor, damage or modify any communication which is not intended for you;

(b) use any type of spider, virus, worm, trojan-horse, time bomb or any other codes or instructions that are designed to distort, delete, damage, emulate or disassemble the Software, Products, Skype Websites, communication or protocols;

(c) send unsolicited communications (also referred to as “SPAM”, “SPIM” or “SPIT”) or any communication not permitted by applicable law or use the Software, Products or Skype Websites for the purposes of phishing or pharming or impersonating or misrepresenting affiliation with another person or entity;

(d) expose any third party to material which is offensive, harmful to minors, indecent or otherwise objectionable in any way;

(e) use the Software, Products or Skype Websites to cause or intend to cause embarrassment or distress to, or to threaten, harass or invade the privacy of, any third party; or

(f) use (including as part of your User ID and/or profile picture) any material or content that is subject to any third party proprietary rights, unless you have a licence or permission from the owner of such rights; or

(g) collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Software, Products or Skype Websites;

(h) impact or attempt to impact the availability of the Software, Products or Skype Websites for example, with a denial of service (DOS) or distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack;

(i) use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, robots, spiders or offline readers that access the Software, Products or Skype Websites. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that Skype grants to the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Skype Website for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Skype reserves the right to revoke these exceptions at any time.

6.4 User Submissions Please exercise respect when participating in any features of the Skype Websites or Software such as Forums, Blogs, email functions, video hosting, sharing and/or publishing or any other function on the Skype Websites or of the Skype Software which allows you to post, upload, edit, host, share and/or publish content. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) by using the Skype Websites and/or Software you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive or indecent and you do so at your own risk; (ii) you are solely responsible for, and Skype has no responsibility to you or any third party for any User Submissions that you create, submit, post or publish on the Skype Websites or through the Software; (iii) Skype does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to User Submissions, whether or not they are published (iv) Skype is not responsible for any User Submissions that you may have access to through your use of the Skype Websites or Software and all User Submissions are the responsibility of the person from whom such User Submissions originated. Skype does not endorse any User Submissions or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions.

In connection with your User Submissions, you represent and warrant that you

(i) own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorise Skype to use all copyrights, trade marks, trade secrets, patents and other intellectual property or proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions in accordance with these Terms; and

(ii) you have the written consent, release and /or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name and/or likeness of each and every such individual in the User Submission, to enable inclusion and use thereof in the manner contemplated by these Terms. You shall not copy, post or use text, photos, pictures, music, sounds, images or any other content from any third party or source (“Third Party Content”) without specific permission from the owner. Such Third Party Content may be protected by intellectual property laws and the owners of the intellectual property rights in such content may object to its use. You must not use any Third Party Content without first obtaining the permission of the owner of the intellectual property rights in such content.

Notwithstanding any rights or obligations governed by the Additional Terms (as defined below) if, at any time you choose to upload or post User Submissions to the Skype Websites or through the Software (excluding Reports and excluding the content of your communications) you automatically grant Skype a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual, sub-licensable and transferable license of all rights to use, edit, modify, include, incorporate, adapt, record, publicly perform, display, transmit and reproduce the User Submissions including, without limitation, all trade marks associated therewith, in connection with the Skype Websites and Skype’s Software and Products including for the purpose of promoting or redistributing part or all of the Skype Websites and/or the Software or Products, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised. You also hereby grant each user of the Skype Website and/or Skype’s Software or Products a non-exclusive license to access your User Submission through the Skype Website and/or Software or Products and to use, copy, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform and transmit such User Submissions solely as permitted through the functionality of the Skype Websites and/or Software or Products and pursuant to these Terms of Use. In addition, you waive any so-called “moral rights” in and to the User Submissions, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

You may not submit or publish through the Skype Website or Software any User Submissions that are libelous, defamatory, pornographic, harassing, hateful, an invasion of privacy, obscene, abusive, illegal, racist, offensive, harmful to a minor or an infringement of any intellectual property rights or a trade secret of a third party, or would otherwise violate the rights of any third party or give rise to civil or criminal liability. Furthermore, you may not submit or publish User Submissions that contain falsehoods or misrepresentations, solicit funds or services, contain advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters or any form of solicitation, impersonate others or include programs that contain viruses or any other programs designed to impair the functionality of any computer. You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Skype Website or Software with respect to their User Submissions. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with the security related features of the Skype Website or Software or features that prevent or restrict the use of any content thereof.

6.5 Your Information: From time to time, Skype may request information from you for the purpose of supplying the Software or Products to you. You shall ensure that any such information is complete, up-to-date and accurate.

6.6 No Reselling. The Software and Products are for your individual use. You shall not resell or commercialise the Software and/or Products to any third party.

6.7 Export Restrictions: The Software may be subject to international rules that govern the export of software. You shall comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software as well as end-user, end-use, destination restrictions issued by national governments or similar bodies, and restrictions on embargoed nations. In the US the Internet Communications Software is controlled under ECCN 5D992 of the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) under Encryption Registration Number (“ERN”) R100351 and thus may not be exported or re exported from the US to or downloaded by any person in any countries controlled for anti terrorism reasons under the EAR, which include Iran, North Korea, Cuba, Syria and Sudan. Moreover, the Internet Communications Software may not be exported or re exported from the US to or downloaded by any person or entity subject to US sanctions regardless of location. See www.bis.doc.gov/ComplianceAndEnforcement/ListsToCheck.htm and EAR Part 736. Skype is making the Software available to you for download only on the condition that you certify that you are not such a person or entity and that the download is not otherwise in violation of US export control and sanctions regulations.

7. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

7.1 The Software, Products and Skype Websites contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by intellectual property laws and treaties.

7.2 The content and compilation of content included on the Skype Websites, (excluding User Submissions) such as sounds, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and software, are the property of Skype, its affiliates or licensors and are protected by United States and international copyright laws. Such copyright protected content cannot be reproduced without Skype’s express permission. You may download and make personal, non-commercial use of User Submissions on www.qik.com that are displayed with a “download” or similar link. Skype reserves all rights not expressly granted in the Skype Websites.

7.3 Skype and/or its licensors retain exclusive ownership of the Software, Products and Skype Websites and all intellectual property therein (whether or not registered and anywhere in the world). You will not take any action to jeopardise, limit or interfere with Skype’s intellectual property rights in the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites.

7.4 “Skype”, associated trademarks and logos and the “S” logo are trademarks of Skype. Skype has registered and filed applications to register its trademarks in many countries worldwide. Skype’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Skype’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Skype. All other trademarks not owned by Skype or any of its related companies that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners. You are not permitted to and shall not register or use any trade name, trademark, logo, domain name or any other name or sign that incorporates any of Skype’s intellectual property (in whole or part) or that is confusingly similar thereto. Please also see Skype’s Trademark Guidelines for further details on use of its marks.

8. CHARGES

8.1 Calling phones and premium rate numbers with Skype Credit:

(i) Calling landlines and mobiles: The charges payable for calling phones (outside of a subscription) consist of a connection fee (charged once, per call) and a per-minute rate as set out on www.skype.com/go/allrates. All calls will be disconnected and require a re-dial after a 4-hour duration and an additional connection fee will be charged on re-dial.

(ii) Premium rate numbers: The charges payable for calling premium rate numbers consist of a per-minute rate available at www.skype.com/go/rates-premium. No connection fee is payable.

(iii) Skype may change the rates for calling phones and premium rate numbers at any time without notice to you by posting such change at www.skype.com/go/allrates. The new rate will apply to your next purchase after the new rates have been published. Please check the latest rates before you make your call. If you do not accept the new rates, do not make your call.

(iv) The duration of a call shall be based on one-minute increments. Fractions of minutes will be rounded up to the next minute. The connection fee, where applicable, will be charged at the beginning of the call. At the end of a call, fractional cent charges will be rounded up to the nearest whole cent, for example a total call price of €0.034 will be rounded up to €0.04. During the call, charges incurred will be deducted automatically from the Skype Credit balance in your User Account.

8.2 Charges for other Paid For Products: The charges for other Paid For Products will be confirmed to you before you complete a purchase from Skype. Skype may change the charges payable for the purchase of such Products at any time without any notice to you. You can choose whether or not to accept the new charges prior to completing your next purchase of the applicable Product. The new charges will apply to your next purchase after the new charges have been published.

8.3 Promotional Offers: From time to time, Skype may offer Paid-For Products for free for a trial period. Skype reserves the right to charge you for such Products (at the normal rate) in the event that Skype determines (in its reasonable discretion) that you are abusing the terms of the offer, including if you are using any service, proxy or other devices or anonymous IP address that prevents us from locating you.

8.4 Tax: Skype may collect VAT or other indirect taxes at the appropriate rate (as per applicable tax rules) at the time of purchase of Skype Credit. 15% Luxembourg VAT generally applies if you are located in the EU and the Products are purchased and used in the EU. 8% Swiss VAT applies if you are located in Switzerland. Other local taxes may apply in certain countries. When you purchase a voucher or pre-paid card, depending on the country, 15% Luxembourg VAT, local VAT or other taxes may apply and may be deducted from the value of the voucher or prepaid card upon redemption. You explicitly waive any right to VAT reimbursement from Skype if the amount of VAT ultimately payable by the latter to the tax authorities would for any reason be lower than the amount of VAT collected from you at the time of purchase. Your Skype Credit balance is displayed exclusive of any such taxes. The territories in the EU set out below are outside the scope of EU VAT under Council Directive 2006/112/EC on the common system of VAT, as amended. The Skype Website does not enable users in such territories to take advantage of this VAT exemption and we therefore do not provide the Products in such territories: Mount Athos, Canary Islands, French Overseas Departments, Aland Islands, Channel Islands, Heligoland Island, Büsingen / Buesingen Territory, Ceuta, Melilla, Livigno, Campione d'Italia and Italian Waters of Lake Lugano.

8.5 Third-Party Charges: Using the Software on mobile applications will use some of the data allowance available on the data package to which you have subscribed with your mobile network operator. Out-of-country usage may lead to significantly higher costs than regular usage, and you are solely responsible for keeping yourself informed and paying for possible roaming and other applicable charges levied by your mobile network operator.

9. PAYMENT

9.1 Skype Credit. You can pay for select Paid-For Products using Skype Credit. You can purchase Skype Credit using any payment method made available to you by Skype from time to time. The Skype Credit that you purchase will be credited to your User Account at the time of purchase (or if you are using a Skype Credit voucher, at the time you redeem that voucher).

9.2 Inactive Skype Credit. If you do not use your Skype Credit for a period of 180 days, (including Skype Credit that has been allocated to you by a Skype Manager administrator) Skype will place your Skype Credit on inactive status. You can reactivate the Skype Credit by following the reactivation link in My Account at https://secure.skype.com/account/credit-reactivate. Reactivated Skype Credit is not refundable. If you are located in Japan and you buy Skype Credit from the Skype Website, this paragraph does not apply to you and your Skype Credit shall expire 6 months from the date of purchase. You are not permitted to use any Skype Credit on or after the date of its expiry.

9.3 Other payment methods. Skype does not guarantee that you will be able to use your Skype Credit balance to purchase all Products. Where Skype Credit cannot be used to pay for a Product, Skype will make another payment method available to you. Skype reserves the right to remove or amend the available payment methods at its sole discretion.

9.4 Recurring Payments. Where you purchase Products on a subscription basis (monthly, every 3 months or annually (as applicable)), you acknowledge and agree that this is a recurring payment and payments shall be made to Skype by the method you have chosen at the recurring intervals chosen by you, until the subscription for that Product is terminated by you or by Skype.

9.5 Auto-Recharge.

(a) The Auto-Recharge feature will be automatically enabled when you buy Skype Credit, unless you untick the appropriate box. Your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by the same payment method chosen when you first sign up for Auto-Recharge, unless you subsequently change the amount by accessing your User Account. For example, if you purchase 10 Euros of Skype Credit with your credit card, the recharge amount charged to your credit card will also be 10 Euros of Skype Credit. In future the same amount will be charged to your credit card every time your Skype account balance goes below the threshold set by Skype from time to time. If you do not want to enable Auto-Recharge, please untick the box.

(b) If you purchased a subscription with a payment method other than credit card, PayPal or Moneybookers (Skrill), and you have enabled Auto-Recharge, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the amount necessary to purchase your next recurring subscription.

(c) You can disable Auto-Recharge at any time by accessing your User Account.

10. REFUND POLICY

10.1 When you purchase Paid-For-Products directly from Skype you will be entitled to a cancellation period of fifteen (15) days (a “Cooling-Off Period”) unless you have made use of the Paid-For-Products in any way, in which case the Cooling-Off Period will be extinguished and your purchase cannot be cancelled or refunded.

10.2 Outside of the Cooling-Off Period, only subscriptions are refundable unless used or expired.

10.3 Expenditure of Skype Credit, allocation of a Skype Number, or use of any aspect of a subscription amounts to “use” of a Paid-For-Product. You hereby expressly agree that Skype Numbers may be allocated before the end of the Cooling-Off Period.

10.4 The Cooling-Off Period and refunds do not apply to Paid-For-Products that are (i) purchased via a third party partner of Skype (please contact the partner directly, who may decide in its sole discretion whether or not to pay a refund), (ii) not directly acquired online from Skype (e.g. vouchers or pre-paid cards) (iii) paid for in cash using third party payment methods (such as a cash payment wallet) and (iv) paid for and allocated to your Skype Account by a Skype Manager administrator. They also do not apply to Membership of Skype Developer.

10.5 If you believe that Skype has charged you in error, you must contact Skype within 90 days of such charge. No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old.

10.6 Skype reserves the right to refuse a refund request if it reasonably believes (i) that you are trying to unfairly exploit this refund policy, for example, by making repetitive refund requests in respect of the same Product; (ii) if you are in breach of these Terms or (iii) if Skype reasonably suspects that you are using our Products or Software fraudulently or that your User Account is being used by a third party fraudulently.

10.7 This refund policy does not affect your statutory rights.

11. ENDING YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SKYPE

11.1 You may terminate your relationship with Skype at any time and without recourse to the courts by requesting closure of your User Account, ceasing to use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites and cancelling any recurring payments.

11.2 Skype may terminate its relationship with you, or may terminate or suspend your use of the Software, User Account(s), Products or Skype Websites at any time and without recourse to the courts:

(a) if you are in breach of these Terms;

(b) if Skype reasonably suspects that you are using the Software, the Products and/or Skype Websites to break the law or infringe third party rights;

(c) if Skype reasonably suspects that you are trying to unfairly exploit or misuse the refund policy, or any of our policies.

(d) if Skype reasonably suspects that you are using our Products, Software and/or Skype Websites fraudulently or that your User Account is being used by a third party fraudulently;

(e) if you have purchased Skype Credit from an unauthorised reseller;

(f) in respect of a particular Product, on thirty (30) days notice if Skype decides to cease offering that Product;

(g) immediately, if required due to a change in laws/regulation by a regulator or authority with a lawful mandate, or by any of Skype’s partners;

(h) on thirty (30) days notice if Skype decides to cease offering the Software to users in your jurisdiction generally.

11.3 Skype shall effect such termination by preventing your access to your User Account, the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites (as applicable). We reserve the right to cancel User Accounts that have been inactive for more than one (1) year.

11.4 Consequences of Termination: Upon termination of your relationship with Skype: (a) all licenses and rights to use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites shall immediately terminate; (b) you will immediately cease any and all use of the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites; and (c) you will immediately remove the Software from all hard drives, networks and other storage media and destroy all copies of the Software in your possession or under your control.

12. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY

12.1 For the purposes of this paragraph 12, "Skype" includes its subsidiary companies and affiliated legal entities and all their directors, officers, agents, licensors and employees.

12.2 No Warranties: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: THE SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SKYPE WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND USED AT YOUR SOLE RISK WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER; SKYPE DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, CLAIMS OR REPRESENTATIONS AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR USE FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SKYPE FURTHER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE AND ERROR-FREE OR WILL OPERATE WITHOUT PACKET LOSS, NOR DOES SKYPE WARRANT ANY CONNECTION TO OR TRANSMISSION FROM THE INTERNET, OR ANY QUALITY OF CALLS MADE THROUGH THE SOFTWARE.

12.3 Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or restrict Skype's liability for (a) death or personal injury, (b) loss resulting from Skype's wilful default or gross negligence, (c) fraud or deliberate misrepresentation, or (d) any liability which cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law.

12.4 No Liability: YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT SKYPE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES HAS BEEN NOTIFIED TO SKYPE, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF SKYPE WEBSITES, OR THE INTERNET COMMUNICATIONS SOFTWARE OR OTHER SOFTWARE THAT IS PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE. YOUR ONLY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH SUCH SOFTWARE AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES IS TO IMMEDIATELY DEINSTALL SUCH SOFTWARE AND CEASE USE OF SUCH SOFTWARE AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES.

12.5 Limitation of Liability: Subject to paragraphs 12.3 and 12.4 above, Skype shall not be liable to you, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or any other theory of liability, and whether or not the possibility of such damages or losses has been notified to Skype, for:

(a) any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages; or

(b) any loss of income, business, actual or anticipated profits, opportunity, goodwill or reputation (whether direct or indirect); or

(c) any damage to or corruption of data (whether direct or indirect);

(d) any claim, damage or loss (whether direct or indirect ) arising from or relating to:

(i) your inability to use the Software to contact Emergency Services;

(ii) your failure to make additional arrangements to access Emergency Services in accordance with paragraph 5.5 above;

(iii)the service limitations set out in paragraph 5.6;

(iv)your failure to provide accurate physical location information to an Emergency Services operative; or

(v)conduct of third party Emergency Services operatives and calling centres to which you may be connected.

(e) any claim, damage or loss (whether direct or indirect) arising from or relating to:

(i) any product or service provided by a third party under their own terms of service, including without limitation, Skype WiFi;

(ii) any Third Party Technology;

(iii) any third party website.

12.6 Subject to paragraphs 12.3 - 12.5 above, Skype’s total liability to you under or in connection with these Terms (whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or any other theory of liability)) SHALL NOT EXCEED IN AGGREGATE THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE PRODUCTS IN THE 12 MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE RELEVANT CLAIM, SUBJECT TO A MAXIMUM OF FIVE THOUSAND EUROS IN ALL CASES.

12.7 If any third party brings a claim against Skype in connection with, or arising out of (i) your breach of these Terms; (ii) your breach of any applicable law of regulation; (iii) your infringement or violation of the rights of any third parties (including intellectual property rights); (iv) your User Submissions or (v) your complaint in relation to any User Submission, you will indemnify and hold Skype harmless from and against all damages, liability, loss, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and costs) related to such claim.

13. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

13.1 Third parties may offer products or services via the Software and/or Skype Websites, including games, applications, images, ring tones, or avatars. Whilst Skype takes no responsibility for such products or services, if you encounter any problems with payment for or download, use of installation of such products or services, Skype will use commercially reasonable endeavours to assist or resolve the problems. The third party products or services may be subject to the third party provider’s own terms and privacy policy that you may have to accept upon download or installation. You should review such terms before making any purchase or using any third party product or service and Skype shall not be responsible for your failure to do so.

13.2 You acknowledge and agree that any third-party product information and pricing that is shown on the Skype Websites regarding third-party products and services is given to Skype by the applicable third-party merchant (“Merchant”). The Merchant has the ability to change its pricing or terminate its product availability at anytime. Skype is not involved in any transactions between you and any Merchant whose products and/or services are listed on the Skype Websites. Skype does not control, is not responsible for and does not guarantee: (i) the pricing, quality, performance, availability or terms and conditions of purchase of products or services provided by the Merchant; (ii) any payment transactions, delivery, returns or after sales activities related to the products or services purchased on the Merchants’ websites; (iii) the availability of the Merchant’s websites; (iv) the completeness, truth or accuracy of any advertising or other materials on, or available from, the Merchants’ websites, nor any listing or other content about such products and services displayed on the Skype Websites; (v) links to the Merchants’ websites that are featured on the Skype Websites. Any questions, complaints, or claims related to any product or service provided by a Merchant should be directed to the applicable Merchant.

13.3 The Software and Skype Websites may include hyperlinks to other third party websites. Skype is not responsible for such third party websites or the availability of such websites and does not endorse any content or material on such third party websites. Your use of each of these third party websites is subject to the terms and conditions posted on the applicable website.

14. ADDITIONAL TERMS

14.1 The Skype Etiquette provides guidelines on how to use Skype and how to treat the other members of Skype’s community properly and respectfully. Please read these guidelines carefully which form part of the Terms.

14.2 If you want to use the Internet Communications Software in connection with any Broadcast, you must comply with the Broadcast TOS at http://www.skype.com/legal/broadcast

14.3 Software Development Kits and APIs. Software development kits provided through Skype Developer on the Skype Website (including “SkypeKit”) and the use of any application program interface (“API”) exposed or made available by Skype are subject to their own licensing terms in which case such licensing terms will govern your use of that software. If you use any such software development kit or API (as applicable) you agree that you have read and will comply with the applicable licensing terms, which are available on http://developer.skype.com/.

14.4 Qik Free and Open Source Software Notice is incorporated herein by reference.

15. YOUR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND YOUR PRIVACY

Skype is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information. We will process your personal information, the traffic data and the content of your communication(s) in accordance with our Privacy Policy: http://www.skype.com/go/privacy.

16. FOR GOVERNMENT USERS ONLY

The Software and Documentation are “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” respectively, as such terms are used in United States Federal Acquisition Regulations paragraph 12.212. Any use, duplication or disclosure of the Software or the Documentation by or on behalf of the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in this Agreement.

17. HOW TO CONTACT SKYPE

17.1 To contact Skype in relation to the Skype Software or “Skype” branded Products, please submit a support request to support.skype.com.

17.2 To contact Skype in relation to the Qik Software or “Qik” branded Products, please submit a support request to support.qik.com.

17.3 If you contact Skype by any means other than as set out in paragraphs 17.1 or 17.2, your request may not be acknowledged.

18. MISCELLANEOUS

18.1 You agree to the use of electronic communication in order to enter into contracts, place orders, and create other records and to the electronic delivery of notices, policies and changes thereto and records of transactions with Skype.

18.2 For your convenience, Skype may provide you with a translation of the English language version of these Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between a non-English version of these Terms and the English version, the English version shall govern your relationship with Skype.

18.3 These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Skype with respect to your use of the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites and replace any prior agreements between you and Skype with respect to the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites.

18.4 If any provision of these Terms (or part of it), is found by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction or an arbitrator to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then such provision (or part of it) shall be removed from the Terms without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of the Terms. Paragraph 20.3(i) says what happens if parts of paragraph 20.3 (arbitration and class action waiver) are found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable. Paragraph 20.3(i) prevails over this paragraph if inconsistent with it.

18.5 The failure by Skype to exercise, or delay in exercising, a legal right or remedy provided by these Terms or by law shall not constitute a waiver of Skype’s right or remedy. If Skype waives a breach of these Terms, this shall not operate as a waiver of a subsequent breach of the Terms.

18.6 You may not assign these Terms or any rights or obligations contained in them. Skype may, without prior notice, assign these Terms or any rights or obligations contained in them to any third party.

18.7 This paragraph 18, along with paragraphs, 4.2, 12, 20.3 and any other provisions, which are expressed or clearly intended to survive or operate in the event of termination, shall survive termination of the Terms.

18.8 You acknowledge and agree that if Skype is unable to provide the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites as a result of a force majeure event, Skype will not be in breach of any of its obligations towards you under these Terms. A force majeure event means any event beyond the control of Skype.

18.9 These Terms other than paragraph 20.3 shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Luxembourg and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the district of Luxembourg. Paragraph 20.3 is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act.

18.10 AVC/H.264 NOTICE: If the Software is used to make video calls (i) between a personal computer and a device that is not a personal computer or (ii) between devices that are not personal computers, the AVC/H.264 codec may be used to facilitate video functionality in which case the following notice applies: THE AVC VIDEO FUNCTIONALITY IN THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD (“AVC VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE www.mpegla.com.

19. PRODUCT SPECIFIC TERMS

19.1 Skype Numbers (previously known as “Online Numbers”) and Skype To Go numbers

(a) Availability and use. Where we provide you with a Skype Number or Skype To Go number, you agree that:

(i) you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever;

(ii) the number provided to you is subject to applicable numbering rules and regulatory practices;

(iii) you will comply on an ongoing basis with any specific number allocation requirements that we make you aware of, or any reasonable instructions that Skype or Skype’s partners may give to you with regard to the use of the numbers and the Products;

(iv) you will not transfer or attempt to transfer your number to any third party. In particular, you are responsible for compliance with any requirements related to residency and or location; and

(v) you will supply accurate, complete and up-to-date information to us where we request it and inform us where such information changes. Skype reserves the right to change the terms related to Skype Numbers and/or Skype To Go numbers, including without limitation to impose or amend any residency requirements and/or require the provision of further user information for continued access to such numbers. In certain countries, a number may be made available to you by a Skype partner rather than Skype, and you may need to enter into a separate agreement with such partner.

(b) Other changes to numbers. If Skype needs to withdraw or change the number that has been made available to you, Skype will use commercially reasonable endeavours to notify you by e-mail, stating the effective date of the change and where possible, your new number. If you do not wish to accept this new number, you are entitled to terminate your number.

19.2 User Account on Skype Manager

(a) You are not permitted to belong to more than one Skype Manager at the same time.

(b) Any Skype Number purchased before 21 July 2009 and allocated to you by a Skype Manager administrator shall be taken back by the administrator of the Skype Manager, if you leave the Skype Manager account for any reason. The right to use the number and the cancellation of such right rest with the Skype Manager administrator at his/her sole discretion and not you.

(c) Personal and traffic data – Members. As a member of a Skype Manager account you acknowledge and agree that the administrator of the Skype Manager may, if you agree, view detailed information about the activity on your User Account including the time, date, duration and destination number of calls and SMS made and details of your purchases and downloads. You can withdraw your agreement at any time by changing the settings on your User Account. If you provide personal data including your name and job title to be included on the Skype Manager directory, you acknowledge that other members of that Skype Manager may view such data.

19.3 Subscriptions

(a) Fair Usage Policy. At Skype, we want all of our customers to get the best calling plans, known as ‘subscriptions’, at the lowest possible price. This Fair Usage Policy ("FUP") is designed to prevent fraud and abuse of our subscriptions by a small number of users.

Subject to this FUP, Skype’s unlimited subscriptions allow unlimited calls to landlines in the applicable subscription countries (excluding special, premium, service and non-geographic numbers). Unlimited calls to mobiles may also be included where stated at the time of purchase. All calls will be disconnected and require a re-dial after a 2-hour duration.

Skype’s subscriptions are for individual use only (personal or business communications) in accordance with our Terms of Use and this FUP (“Legitimate Use”). The following is a non-exhaustive list of practices that would not be considered Legitimate Use:

(i) Using subscriptions for telemarketing or call centre operations;

(ii) Re-selling subscription minutes;

(iii) Sharing subscriptions between users whether via a PBX, call centre, computer or any other means;

(iv) Calling numbers (whether singly, sequentially or automatically) to generate income for yourself or others as a result of merely placing the call, other than for your individual business communications (and subject to paragraph 4.1 of the Terms of Use); and

(v) Unusual calling patterns inconsistent with normal, individual subscription use, for example, regular calls of short duration or calls to multiple numbers in a short period of time.

Other practices may be relevant in determining Legitimate Use and Skype reserves the right to take any unlawful, prohibited, abnormal or unusual activity into account in making its determination. Skype may at its option, terminate its relationship with you, or may suspend your subscription immediately if it determines you are using your subscription contrary to this FUP or Skype’s Terms of Use. Where reasonable, Skype will provide you with notice of improper usage before suspension or termination of your subscription and, if appropriate, Skype may offer you an alternative subscription.

(b) Skype reserves the right to withdraw or change the subscriptions at any time. If Skype changes the Products included in your subscription, Skype will notify you by email stating the changes and their effective date. If you do not wish to accept these changes, you are entitled to terminate your subscription, with effect from the date on which the changes are due to take effect.

(c) The “Unlimited World Extra” subscription has a minimum fixed term of 2 years from the date of purchase. You are not permitted to terminate it before the expiry of the 2-year minimum term except in case of breach by Skype of the Terms. This subscription is billed monthly as a recurring payment.

19.4 Skype WiFi

Skype WiFi is provided by one of Skype’s WiFi partners. Your use of Skype WiFi is subject to that partner’s terms of service. Before you start a Skype WiFi session at a specific WiFi hotspot, you will be notified of the identity of the WiFi provider and their terms of service. You will have to read their terms of service, which you agree to be subject to by proceeding with the Skype WiFi session. You can pay for Skype WiFi using your Skype Credit balance, and your use of Skype Credit is subject to these Terms of Service.

19.5 SMS

Each SMS message has a limit of 160 characters. If you type a longer message it will be broken down into several SMS messages and you will be charged for each message sent. If you send SMS messages to more than one person you will be charged for each SMS sent to each recipient. If Skype cannot (for whatever reason) send your SMS, Skype will continue to try and send the message for up to 24 hours after which time the SMS charge will be refunded to your Skype Credit balance automatically if delivery is unsuccessful.

19.6 Group Video Calling

(a) A fair usage policy applies at www.skype.com/go/terms.gvc.fairusage and is incorporated herein by reference. Skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time. Changes shall become effective when published on the Skype Website. Your continued use of a Skype Premium Subscription after publication on the Skype Website shall constitute your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised fair usage policy.

(b) Number of Participants. The number of permitted participants on a group video call varies from 3 to a maximum of 10, subject to system requirements. You can find more details at www.skype.com/go/skypepremium.

(c) Audio Conversion. If a Skype Premium Subscription or Day Pass expires during a group video call, or it has exceeded the fair usage limit, or the owner of the Skype Premium Subscription leaves the call (and there is no other participant on the call who owns a Skype Premium Subscription), then the call will convert from video to audio.

(d) Software Versions. If a participant of a group video call is not on a version of Internet Communications Software that supports group video calls, then the call will be an audio call only for that participant. For details of the system requirements for group video calling, please see www.skype.com/go/skypepremium.requirements.

(e) Live chat. Live chat customer support is available as part of the Skype Premium Subscription. This support is available 24 hours a day, every day, and only in English.

19.7 Qik Premium Fair Usage Policy

Qik Premium is subject to a fair usage policy of 15GB of video storage per user per month and each video can be no more than 90 minutes in duration. Once these limits have been reached you cannot upload any new videos in that month or continue recording beyond the 90-minute mark.

Skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time. Changes shall become effective when published on the Skype Website. Your continued use of Qik Premium after publication on the Skype Website shall constitute your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised fair usage policy.

19.8 Skype Video Messaging (“Video Messaging”)

If you are not a Skype Premium subscriber, the number of Video Messages you can send are limited and will be subject to an expiry date.

Fair Use Policy: This FUP is designed to prevent fraud and abuse of Video Messaging. Video Messaging is for personal, individual and non-commercial use only, and to be in accordance with these Terms at all times (“Legitimate Use”). Skype reserves the right to take any unlawful, prohibited, abnormal or unusual activity into account in making its determination as to whether your activity does not constitute Legitimate Use. Skype may in its option, terminate its relationship with you, or suspend your account immediately if it determines you are using Video Messaging contrary to this FUP or these Terms.

20. PAY BY MOBILE

20.1 This section applies if you select a third-party payment system that enables you to pay for Skype Credit and certain Paid for Products via your mobile phone bill where applicable (“Pay by Mobile”).

20.2 By selecting or using Pay by Mobile:

(a) You authorise your mobile phone carrier to charge appropriate fees directly to your mobile phone bill; and

(b) You represent that you are the person or entity responsible for the mobile phone account associated with the mobile number you provide when using Pay by Mobile, or are authorised by that person or entity to incur such charges.

20.3 BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER FOR UNITED STATES ACCOUNTS. If you select Pay by Mobile and your mobile phone account is registered with a mobile phone carrier in the USA or you reside in the USA, the following additional terms apply:

(a) Paragraph 20.3 applies to any dispute arising between you and either Skype or any third party including mobile phone carriers and Skype’s corporate affiliates (collectively, “Disputed Party” or “Disputed Parties”) relating to your use of Pay by Mobile, EXCEPT IT DOES NOT INCLUDE A DISPUTE RELATING TO THE ENFORCEMENT OR VALIDITY OF YOUR, SKYPE’S, OR EITHER OF OUR LICENSORS’ INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. Dispute, for purposes of paragraph 20.3, means any dispute, action, or other controversy whether in contract, warranty, tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis. Dispute will be given the broadest possible meaning allowable under law.

(b) In the event of a dispute, you must provide Skype or other Disputed Party with a Notice of Dispute, which is a written statement of the name, address and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and the relief requested. You must send any Notice of Dispute to Skype or its corporate affiliate at ATTN: Legal Department, Microsoft Corporation One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052-7329. and to any other Disputed Party at its principal place of business in the USA, marked ATTN: Legal Department. The Disputed Party will send any Notice of Dispute to your address if it has it, or otherwise to your e-mail address on file. You and the Disputed Party will attempt to resolve any dispute through informal negotiation within 60 days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent, after which you or the Disputed Party may commence arbitration.

(c) You may also litigate any dispute in a small claims court in your county of residence, if the dispute meets all requirements to be heard in the small claims court. You may litigate in a small claims court whether or not you negotiated informally first.

(d) Binding Arbitration. If you and a Disputed Party do not resolve any dispute by informal negotiation or in small claims court, any other effort to resolve the dispute will be conducted exclusively by binding arbitration governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”). You are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) all disputes in court before a judge or jury. Instead, all disputes will be resolved before a neutral arbitrator, whose decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the FAA. Any court with jurisdiction over the parties may enforce the arbitrator’s award.

(e) Class Action Waiver. Any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis. Neither you nor a Disputed Party will seek to have any dispute heard as a class action, private attorney general action, or in any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity. No arbitration or proceeding will be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to all affected arbitrations or proceedings.

(f) Any arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules. If you are an individual and use the Software or Products for personal or household use, or if the value of the dispute is $75,000 USD or less whether or not you are an individual or how you use them, its Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will also apply. For more information, see adr.org or call +1-800-778-7879. In a dispute involving $75,000 USD or less, Skype will promptly reimburse your filing fees and pay the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees. You and Skype agree to the terms governing procedures, fees and incentives at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=275219.  To commence arbitration, submit the form available at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=275627 to the AAA. You agree to commence arbitration only in your county of residence, in Santa Clara County, California, or another Disputed Party’s principal place of business in the USA. Skype and other Disputed Parties agree to commence arbitration only in your county of residence.

(g) To the extent permitted by law, any claim or dispute relating to your use of Pay by Mobile must be filed within one year in small claims court (paragraph 20.3(c)) or in arbitration (paragraph 20.3(d)). The one-year period begins when the claim or dispute first could be filed. If such a claim or dispute is not filed within one year, it is permanently barred.

(h) Rejecting Future Arbitration Changes. You may reject any change Skype makes to paragraph 20.3 (other than address changes) by sending us notice within 30 days of the change by U.S. Mail to the address in paragraph 20.3(b). If you do, the most recent version of paragraph 20.3 before the change you rejected will apply.

(i) If the class action waiver in paragraph 20.3(e) is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, then paragraph 20.3 will not apply to those parts. Instead, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law, with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of paragraph 20.3 is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be severed with the remainder of paragraph 20.3 remaining in full force and effect.

YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS AND UNDERSTAND THE RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. BY CLICKING ON THE ACCEPT BUTTON AND/OR CONTINUING TO INSTALL THE SOFTWARE OR USE THE SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND GRANT TO SKYPE THE RIGHTS SET FORTH HEREIN.


Terms of Service

Last updated: February 2020

Who are we?

Skyscanner (“us”, “we” or “our” as the context requires) provides online travel search services (including flight, hotel and car hire price comparison) and other travel related services (the “Services”) to travellers throughout the world via our websites, apps and other platforms (the “Platforms”).

Skyscanner is not a travel agent and is not responsible for providing, setting or controlling the prices applicable to, any of the travel options or products which you find and book via our Services (“Third Party Travel Products”). All such Third Party Travel Products are provided by independent travel agents, airlines, hotels, tour operators or other third parties (“Travel Providers”) and are subject to the terms and conditions of those third parties.

Our Services and Platforms are provided by Skyscanner Limited, a private limited company incorporated and registered in England & Wales with company number 04217916.  Other entities that directly or indirectly control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Skyscanner and referred to in these terms as “Skyscanner Group Companies”. You can find our details, including correspondence address and registered office, on our Company Details page.

These Terms

These terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our Services and Platforms, together with our privacy policy, cookie policy and community guidelines. By accessing or using the Services or Platforms, you are confirming that you have read, understood and agreed to these Terms and those of the privacy policy, cookie policy and community guidelines.

Some of our Services and Platforms (for example, our ‘Skyscanner for Business’ products) impose different terms and conditions on your use of those services. Where that is the case, you will be clearly notified and those terms will operate in place of or together with these Terms as appropriate.

We may amend these Terms at any time at our discretion. If these Terms are amended, we will publish the revised terms and conditions and you will be deemed to have accepted any amendments if you continue using our Services or Platforms after the amendments are displayed. If you do not accept all of these Terms then you should not use our Services or Platforms.

Using our Services

You may only use our Services and Platforms in compliance with applicable laws and for legitimate purposes. In consideration of you agreeing to these Terms, we grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to download, access and use our Services and Platforms for your own personal, non-commercial purposes and for no other purpose. We grant this licence subject to you agreeing that you shall not:

    use our Services or Platforms for any purpose that is improper, unlawful, or to post, share or transmit any material that: (i) is defamatory, offensive, obscene or otherwise objectionable; (ii) is in breach of confidence or privacy or of any third party’s rights including copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property rights; (iii) is posted, shared or transmitted for the purpose of advertising or promoting yourself or any third party; or (iv) is misleading or misrepresentative as to your identity or which in any way suggests that you are sponsored, affiliated or connected with Skyscanner; or (v) you do not otherwise have any rights or the permissions you need to make available;
    use our Services or Platforms for any commercial purpose or in any manner which may cause damage to Skyscanner or bring Skyscanner into disrepute;
    disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise decompile any software, applications, updates or hardware contained in or available via our Services or Platforms, except as legally permitted;
    copy, distribute, communicate to the public, sell, rent, lend or otherwise use our Services or Platforms, or seek to violate or circumvent any security measures in place to restrict your access to or use of our Services or Platforms;
    use or interfere with our Services or Platforms in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other users;
    introduce onto, or transmit via our Services or Platforms any disruptive or malicious code, virus, worm, or trojan horse, or a ‘denial of service’ or ‘spam’ attack; or
    remove, alter or replace any notices of authorship, trade marks, business names, logos or other designations of origin on our Services or Platforms, or pass off or attempt to pass off our Services or Platforms as the product of anyone other than Skyscanner.

You also agree not to use any unauthorised automated computer program, software agent, bot, spider or other software or application to scan, copy, index, sort or otherwise exploit our Services or Platforms or the data contained on them. Skyscanner has made a substantial investment in collecting, processing and presenting thousands of travel data suppliers, and offers access to travel data on a commercial API basis, so any breach of this provision is a material breach of these terms and Skyscanner reserves the right to take any technical or legal action to detect and restrict unauthorised automated access to our Services and Platforms.

Where you sign up to our Services or Platforms with a log-in account or password, you are responsible for keeping those password and log-in details confidential and secure. If you become aware, or suspect for any reason, that the security of your log-in details has been compromised, please let us know via our Helpdesk immediately.

Our Services and Platforms are not intended for children under 16 years of age, and no one under the age of 16 may provide any information to or via our Services or Platforms. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16, and if we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16, we will delete that information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

To the extent that any part of our Services or Platforms is hosted on a third party website (for example, Facebook or another social media website) and there are separate terms of use relating to that website, you agree to comply with those terms and conditions in addition to these Terms.

Sharing information with us

We take your privacy seriously and operate at all times in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You acknowledge that any personal data (as defined in our privacy policy) which you submit to or via our Services or Platforms may be used by us in accordance with our privacy policy. You agree to ensure that all personal data you provide to us is accurate and up to date and that you have all consents, licenses or approvals necessary to allow us to use that information in accordance with these Terms, our community guidelines and our privacy policy.

To the extent that our Services or Platforms allow you to post, upload, transmit or otherwise make available any information, images, video, or other data with Skyscanner or other Skyscanner users (“User Content”), you agree that:

    you are solely responsible for User Content that you upload and you represent and agree that you will not share anything which you do not have the permission or right to share or for which you cannot grant the licence in paragraph 2 below;
    although all intellectual property rights subsisting in any User Content will be owned by you or your licensors and you are always free to share your User Content with anyone else, you hereby grant Skyscanner and the Skyscanner Group Companies a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferrable and sub-licensable right to host, use, reproduce both electronically and otherwise, publicly display, distribute, modify, adapt, publish, translate, and create derivative works from any and all such User Content (in accordance with our privacy policy) including for the purposes of advertising and marketing our Services and Platforms. For example, we may make User Content available to our business partners or other Skyscanner Group Companies to display on their own sites. You are in control of the User Content you upload to the Skyscanner Services and can terminate this licence any time by either deleting the User Content or your Skyscanner account. Deleted User Content will be promptly removed within 48 hours.
    we are under no obligation to store, retain, publish or make available any User Content uploaded by you and that you shall be responsible for creating backups of your own User Content.

If you provide us with any suggestions, comments, improvements, ideas or other feedback (“Feedback”), you hereby irrevocably assign ownership of all intellectual property rights subsisting in that feedback to us and acknowledge that we can use and share such Feedback for any purpose at our discretion. You can provide feedback to us by clicking on the ‘feedback’ tab or through our Helpdesk.

Skyscanner’s property

Except as set out elsewhere in these Terms, all intellectual property rights including copyright (including copyright in computer software), patents, trade marks or business names, design rights, database rights, know-how, trade secrets and rights of confidence in our Services and Platforms (together, the “Intellectual Property Rights”) are owned by or licensed to Skyscanner. You acknowledge that by using the Services or Platforms, you will not acquire any right, title or interest in or to them except for the limited licence to use them granted to you by these Terms. You also acknowledge that you have no right to have access to any of the Services or Platforms in source-code form unless it is released under a license specifically permitting such access.

Other people’s property

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you have reason to believe that your copyright is being infringed by any content on our Services or Platforms, please send a written notification of the alleged infringement to legal@skyscanner.net, for the attention of the Legal Department. Alternatively, you can contact us in writing at:

Skyscanner Legal Department

Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh, EH3 9EN

To assist us with resolving any alleged infringement, and where applicable in order to make a valid notification under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (for which purposes the Legal Department are the designated agent) please include the following information in your notice:

    identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
    identification of the claimed infringing material and enough information for us to reasonably locate it on our Services (providing the URL(s) of the materials is fine);
    enough information for Skyscanner to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address;
    a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
    for claims under the DMCA only, a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf, and your physical or electronic signature.

Price accuracy and warranty disclaimer

Your use of the Services and Platforms is entirely at your own risk.

Although we enforce strict price accuracy policies with all Travel Providers who supply our travel data and do our best to ensure that the content displayed on or via our Services and Platforms is up to date and accurate, we cannot guarantee the reliability or accuracy of such content.

Likewise, our price forecasts are based on data that we hold that relates to past pricing trends, but there is no guarantee that our forecasts will be correct.

We provide the Services and Platforms on an ‘as is’ basis and expressly disclaim all warranties, conditions and guarantees of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability and accuracy, as well as any warranties implied by usage of trade, course of dealing or course of performance. To the extent permitted by law, we make no representations and do not warrant to you that our Services or Platforms (a) are accurate, complete or up to date; (b) will always be available; (c) will meet your expectations; or (d) are secure or are free from errors, faults, defects, viruses or malware.

Price forecasting

Skyscanner may provide you with flight forecasting information if you choose to sign up to price alerts. Our price forecasts are the best guess that we can provide at any given time based on the data that we hold that relates to past trends. There is no guarantee that our forecasts will be correct, since pricing and availability depends on third parties, as explained above. While you may choose to rely on our forecasts, we do not and cannot guarantee their accuracy and accept no liability for any inaccuracy or unavailability of indicative prices.

Making travel bookings via Skyscanner

Skyscanner is not a travel agent and is not responsible for providing any travel options displayed via the Services or Platforms or for setting or controlling the prices we display. Any Third Party Travel Products which you find and/or book via our Services or Platforms are provided by independent Travel Providers.

Skyscanner facilitates your bookings with Travel Providers but is not responsible and has no liability to you in respect of such bookings. The identity of the relevant Travel Provider and the terms and conditions applicable to your booking with them (“Travel Provider Terms”) will be notified to you at the time of booking and you should ensure that you read and fully understand them before completing your booking. The only exception to this is if you’ve booked with Skyscanner’s Travel Service, which is subject to a different set of terms and conditions. Unless your booking confirmation has come from Skyscanner, then this is unlikely to affect you.

The Travel Provider Terms should set out what rights you have against the Travel Provider and will explain their liability to you in the event of anything going wrong.

You agree to comply in full with all applicable Travel Provider Terms. You acknowledge that breaching Travel Provider Terms could result in the cancellation of tickets or reservations, revocation of frequent flier miles and other benefits, and additional charges.

Where you have used our Platforms to book two or more related travel products within a 24-hour period (for example a flight and hotel booked separately but within 24 hours of each other) then this may be classified as a “Linked Travel Arrangement” depending on where you are located and the applicable consumer protection laws that apply. Where a Linked Travel Arrangement has been created, you will not have the same level of consumer protection that you would get where you book both a flight and hotel together through one single agent (where you may then get the benefits that apply to booking holiday packages). This means that you need to rely on each individual Travel Provider to perform their services, and do not have legal recourse to the organiser or the retailer of a package. In the event of the insolvency of one of the providers involved in the Linked Travel Arrangement, the protections available under the EU Package Travel Regulations will not apply.

Limitations and exclusions of liability

These Terms set out the full extent of Skyscanner’s obligations and liabilities in respect of our Services and Platforms.

Skyscanner has no responsibility whatsoever for any arrangements you make with any third party as a result of your use of our Services or Platforms (including, without limitation, any Travel Provider). If you encounter any problems with any booking you make or attempt to make via Skyscanner, you acknowledge that you should resolve that issue with the relevant Travel Provider and that your sole remedy in such circumstances, including any refund, lies with the relevant Travel Provider and not with Skyscanner. Where our Services or Platforms contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.

You may see advertising material submitted by third parties on our Services and Platforms. Each individual advertiser is solely responsible for the content of its advertising material and Skyscanner accepts no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any errors, omissions or inaccuracies.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, we (together with our officers, directors, employees, representatives, affiliates, providers and third parties) do not accept any liability for (a) any inaccuracies or omissions in the content displayed on or via our Services or Platforms; or (b) any act of god, accident, delay or any special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind (including, without limitation, lost profits or lost savings), whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, incurred by you arising out of or in connection with your access to, use of, or inability to access or use, our Services or Platforms or their contents.

Subject to these Terms and to the extent permitted by law, our maximum aggregate liability to you arising out of or in connection with these Terms or your access to, use of, or inability to access or use, our Services or Platforms shall be limited to the sum of £100 (one hundred pounds sterling).

Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude (a) our liability in respect of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (b) any other liability that cannot be excluded by law; or (c) your statutory rights.

Your liability to us

Subject to these Terms, you will be responsible and liable to us for all actions, claims, proceedings, costs, damages, losses and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees) incurred by us or the Skyscanner Group Companies, and each of our officers, directors, employees and agents, arising out of or in any way connected with your use of our Services or Platforms or breach of these Terms.

Termination

Skyscanner may in its absolute discretion immediately terminate any agreement with you under these Terms at any time upon notice to you and/or, if you have a log-in account, by cancelling your membership and your access to your account and removing any User Content you have uploaded to our Services or Platforms. Skyscanner may suspend your access and use in whole or in part without notice at any time, for example to prevent you from uploading any User Content, without incurring any liability to you whatsoever.

General provisions

You acknowledge that your unauthorised use of our Services or Platforms may result in irreparable damage and injury to Skyscanner and/or its affiliates or licensors for which money damages would be inadequate. Consequently, in the event of such unauthorised use, we and our affiliates and/or licensors (as applicable) shall have the right, in addition to any other legal remedies available, to seek an immediate injunction against you.

The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision (in whole or part) of these Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions (in whole or part). The whole or part of any provision which is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed deleted from these Terms.

These Terms are personal to you. You shall not be entitled to assign these Terms in whole or in part to any third party without our prior written consent.

These Terms represent the entire agreement between us and you and supersede and replace all and any previous terms, conditions, agreements and arrangements in respect of your use of our Services or Platforms.

We will act promptly to any indications of User Content that is in breach of these Terms. Where you know of or suspect any illegal activities, please contact us at our helpdesk.

Any failure by us to enforce any of these Terms shall not be a waiver of them or limit the right to subsequently enforce any of these Terms.

A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no right to enforce any provision of these Terms.

Irrespective of the country from which you access or use Services or Platforms, to the extent permitted by law these Terms and your use shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you are deemed to have submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales to resolve any disputes which may arise hereunder. If you are using the Platforms or Services for commercial purposes, or via an unauthorised computer program as further described and prohibited under the “using our services” section of these Terms, then you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales for any disputes arising hereunder unless there is an existing commercial agreement between us governing your use which specifies otherwise.

Contact us

If you require further information about Skyscanner or have any suggestions concerning how to improve our Services or Platforms, please contact our helpdesk. Alternatively, you can write to us at Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh EH3 9EN marked for the attention of our ‘Chief Legal Officer’.

Snap Group Limited Terms of Service

(If you live outside the United States)

Effective: January 10, 2017

Welcome!

We’re thrilled you’ve decided to use Snapchat and our other products and services, all of which we refer to simply as the “Services.”

We’ve drafted these Terms of Service (which we call the “Terms”) so you’ll know the rules that govern our relationship with you. Although we have tried our best to strip the legalese from the Terms, there are places where these Terms may still read like a traditional contract. There’s a good reason for that: These Terms do indeed form a legally binding contract between you and Snap Group Limited. So please read them carefully.

By using the Services, you agree to the Terms. Of course, if you don’t agree with them, then don’t use the Services.

These Terms apply to you if you live outside the United States or if you are using the Services on behalf of a business located outside the United States. If you live in the United States or are using the Services on behalf of a business located there, the Snap Inc. Terms of Service apply.

ARBITRATION NOTICE: IF YOU’RE USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A BUSINESS, THEN YOUR BUSINESS WILL BE BOUND BY THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE THAT APPEARS LATER IN THESE TERMS.

1. Who Can Use the Services

No one under 13 is allowed to create an account or use the Services. We may offer additional Services with additional terms that may require you to be even older to use them. So please read all terms carefully.

By using the Services, you affirm that:

You can form a binding contract with Snap Group Limited.
You are not a person who is barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the United States, the United Kingdom, or any other applicable jurisdiction—meaning that you do not appear on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or face any other similar prohibition.
You will comply with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules, and regulations.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a business or some other entity, you affirm that you are authorized to grant all licenses set forth in these Terms and to agree to these Terms on behalf of the business or entity.

2. Rights We Grant You

Snap Group Limited grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, nonexclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of letting you use and enjoy the Services’ benefits in a way that these Terms and our usage policies, such as our Community Guidelines, allow.

Any software that we provide you may automatically download and install upgrades, updates, or other new features. You may be able to adjust these automatic downloads through your device’s settings.

You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services. Nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit these restrictions or you have our written permission to do so.

3. Rights You Grant Us

Many of our Services let you create, upload, post, send, receive, and store content. When you do that, you retain whatever ownership rights in that content you had to begin with. But you grant us a license to use that content. How broad that license is depends on which Services you use and the Settings you have selected.

For all Services other than Live, Local, and any other crowd-sourced Service, you grant Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and their affiliates a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish, and distribute that content for as long as you use the Services. This license is for the limited purpose of operating, developing, providing, promoting, and improving the Services and researching and developing new ones.

Because Live, Local, and any other crowd-sourced Services are inherently public and chronicle matters of public interest, the license you grant us for content submitted to those Services is broader. In addition to granting us the rights mentioned in the previous paragraph, you also grant us a license to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, broadcast, syndicate, sublicense, publicly perform, and publicly display content submitted to Live, Local, or any other crowd-sourced Services in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). To the extent it’s necessary, when you appear in, create, upload, post, or send Live, Local, or other crowd-sourced content, you also grant Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and our affiliates and business partners the unrestricted, worldwide right and license to use your name, likeness, and voice. This means, among other things, that you will not be entitled to any compensation from Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., or our affiliates and business partners if your name, likeness, or voice is conveyed through Live, Local, or other crowd-sourced Services, either on the Snapchat application or on one of our business partner’s platforms.

For more information about how to tailor who can watch your content, please take a look at our Privacy Policy and Support Site.

While we’re not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your content at any time and for any reason, including if we think your content violates these Terms. You alone, though, remain responsible for the content you create, upload, post, send, or store through the Services.

The Services may contain advertisements. In consideration for Snap Group Limited letting you access and use the Services, you agree that we, Snap Inc., our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertising on the Services, including personalized advertising based upon the information you provide us or we collect or obtain about you. Because the Services contain content that you and other users provide us, advertising may sometimes appear near your content.

We always love to hear from our users. But if you volunteer feedback or suggestions, just know that we can use your ideas without compensating you.

4. The Content of Others

Much of the content on our Services is produced by users, publishers, and other third parties. Whether that content is posted publicly or sent privately, the content is the sole responsibility of the person or organization that submitted it. Although Snap Group Limited reserves the right to review all content that appears on the Services and to remove any content that violates these Terms, we do not necessarily review all of it. So we cannot—and do not—take responsibility for any content that others provide through the Services.

Through these Terms and our Community Guidelines, we make clear that we do not want the Services put to bad uses. But because we do not review all content, we cannot guarantee that content on the Services will always conform to our Terms or Guidelines.

5. Privacy

Your privacy matters to us. You can learn how your information is handled when you use our Services by reading the Privacy Policy . We encourage you to give the Privacy Policy a careful look because, by using our Services, you agree that your information may be collected and processed by Snap Group Limited in the UK and Snap Inc. in the U.S., as well as their affiliates, and transferred outside of the country in which you reside, including to countries that may not have the same data-protection laws as your country. 

6. Respecting Other People’s Rights

Snap Group Limited respects the rights of others. And so should you. You therefore may not use the Services in a manner that:

violates or infringes someone else’s rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual-property right.
bullies, harasses, or intimidates.
defames.
spams or solicits our users.
You must also respect the rights of Snap Group Limited and its affiliates, including Snap Inc. These Terms do not grant you any right to:

use branding, logos, designs, photographs, videos, or any other materials used in our Services.
copy, archive, download, upload, distribute, syndicate, broadcast, perform, display, make available, or otherwise use any portion of the Services or the content on the Services except as set forth in these Terms.
use the Services, any tools provided by the Services, or any content on the Services for any commercial purposes without our consent.
In short: You may not use the Services or the content on the Services in ways that are not authorized by these Terms. Nor may you help anyone else in doing so.

7. Respecting Copyright

We respect copyright law. We therefore take reasonable steps to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of. And if Snap Group Limited becomes aware that one of its users has repeatedly infringed copyrights, we will take reasonable steps within our power to terminate the user’s account.

We make it easy for you to report suspected copyright infringement. If you believe that anything on the Services infringes a copyright that you own or control, please fill out this form. Or you may file a notice with our designated agent:

Snap Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
63 Market Street
Venice, CA 90291
email: copyright@snap.com

If you file a notice with our Copyright Agent, it must:

contain the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed, or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to let us locate the material.
provide your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address.
provide a personal statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
provide a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
8. Safety

We try hard to keep our Services a safe place for all users. But we can’t guarantee it. That’s where you come in. By using the Services, you agree that:

You will not use the Services for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited in these Terms.
You will not use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means or interface to access the Services or extract other user’s information.
You will not use or develop any third-party applications that interact with the Services or other users’ content or information without our written consent.
You will not use the Services in a way that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the Services.
You will not use or attempt to use another user’s account, username, or password without their permission.
You will not solicit login credentials from another user.
You will not post content that contains pornography, graphic violence, threats, hate speech, or incitements to violence.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services.
You will not attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access areas or features of the Services that you are not authorized to access.
You will not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of our Services or any system or network.
You will not encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.
We also care about your safety while using our Services. So do not use our Services in a way that would distract you from obeying traffic or safety laws. For example, never Snap and drive. And never put yourself or others in harm’s way just to capture a Snap.

9. Your Account

You are responsible for any activity that occurs in your Snapchat account. So it’s important that you keep your account secure. One way to do that is to select a strong password that you don’t use for any other account.

By using the Services, you agree that, in addition to exercising common sense:

You will not create more than one account for yourself.
You will not create another account if we have already disabled your account, unless you have our written permission to do so.
You will not buy, sell, rent, or lease access to your Snapchat account, Live, Snaps, a Snapchat username, or a friend link without our written permission.
You will not share your password.
You will not log in or attempt to access the Services through unauthorized third-party applications or clients.
If you think that someone has gained access to your account, please immediately reach out to Snapchat Support.

10. Memories

Memories is our data-storage service that makes it easier for you to reminisce anytime, anywhere. By agreeing to these Terms, you automatically enable Memories. Once Memories is enabled, it will remain enabled for as long as you maintain your Snapchat account. But you can always turn off certain Memories features through Settings.

One of the options we provide with Memories is the ability to create a restricted area by setting a passcode, which might be a PIN or a passphrase or some other mechanism. This is similar to the device-lock option you may be using on your mobile device; by setting a passcode, you make it less likely that another person who gets ahold of your device will be able to see what you saved to the restricted area of Memories. But here’s a big warning: If you lose or forget your Memories passcode, or if you enter the wrong one too many times, you will lose access to any content you saved in the restricted area of Memories. We don’t offer any passcode recovery features for this restricted area. You are solely responsible for remembering your passcode. Please go to our Support Site for more details on passcodes.

Your content in Memories might become unavailable for any number of reasons, including things like an operational glitch or a decision on our end to terminate your account. Since we can’t promise that your content will always be available, we recommend keeping a separate copy of the content you save to Memories.

We make no promise that Memories will be able to accommodate your precise storage needs. We reserve the right to set storage limits for Memories, and we may change these limits from time to time in our sole discretion. And just as with our other Services, your use of Memories may take up space on your device and may incur mobile data charges.

You may not resell any Memories features. This means you can’t do something like use Memories to operate your own file-storage or distribution service for other people.

11. Data Charges and Mobile Phones

You are responsible for any mobile charges that you may incur for using our Services, including text-messaging and data charges. If you’re unsure what those charges may be, you should ask your service provider before using the Services.

If you change or deactivate the mobile phone number that you used to create a Snapchat account, you must update your account information through Settings within 72 hours to prevent us from sending to someone else messages intended for you.

12. Third-Party Services

If you use a service, feature, or functionality that is operated by a third party and made available through our Services (including Services we jointly offer with the third party), each party’s terms will govern the respective party’s relationship with you. Neither Snap Group Limited nor Snap Inc. is responsible or liable for a third party’s terms or actions taken under the third party’s terms.

13. Modifying the Services and Termination

We’re relentlessly improving our Services and creating new ones all the time. That means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities, and we may also suspend or stop the Services altogether. We may take any of these actions at any time, and when we do, we will try to notify you beforehand, but this won’t always be possible.

While we hope you remain a lifelong Snapchatter, you can terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your account.

Snap Group Limited may also terminate these Terms with you at any time, for any reason. And while we’ll try to give you advance notice, we can’t guarantee it. Our right to terminate these Terms means that we may stop providing you with any Services, or impose new or additional limits on your ability to use the Services. For example, we may deactivate your account due to prolonged inactivity, and we may reclaim your username at any time for any reason.

Regardless of who terminates these Terms, both you and Snap Group Limited continue to be bound by Sections 3, 6, 9, 10, and 13-22 of the Terms.

14. Indemnity

You agree, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and our affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees, licensors, and agents from and against any complaints, charges, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) due to, arising out of, or relating in any way to: (a) your access to or use of the Services; (b) your content; and (c) your breach of these Terms.

15. Disclaimers

We try to keep the Services up and running and free of annoyances. But we make no promises that we will succeed.

The Services are provided “as is” and “as available” and to the extent permitted by law without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties, conditions, or other terms relating to merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, non-infringement, or arising from a course of dealing. In addition, while Snap Group Limited attempts to provide a good user experience, we do not represent or warrant that: (a) the Services will always be secure, error-free, or timely; (b) the Services will always function without delays, disruption, or imperfections; or (c) that any content or information you obtain through the Services will be timely or accurate.

Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and their affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any content that you, another user, or a third party creates, uploads, posts, sends, receives, or stores on or through our Services. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to content that might be offensive, illegal, misleading, or otherwise inappropriate, none of which Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., nor their affiliates will be responsible for.

16. Limitation of Liability

When permitted by law, Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and our affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees, licensors, and agents, will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or multiple damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from: (a) your use of the Services or inability to use the Services; (b) your access to or inability to access the Services; (c) the conduct or content of other users or third parties on or through the Services; or (d) unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your content, even if Snap Group Limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., or their affiliates’ aggregate liability for all claims relating to the Services exceed the greater of £100 GBP or the amount you paid Snap Group Limited, if any, in the last 12 months.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages, so some or all of the exclusions and limitations in this section may not apply to you.

17. Dispute Resolution, Arbitration

If you have a concern, let’s talk. Go ahead and contact us first and we’ll do our best to resolve the issue.

Some of our Services may have additional terms that contain dispute-resolution provisions unique to that Service or your residency.

If you are using the Services on behalf of a business (rather than for your personal use), you and Snap Group Limited agree that to the extent permitted by law, all claims and disputes between us arising out of or relating to these Terms or the use of the Services will be finally settled under the LCIA Arbitration Rules, which are incorporated by reference into this clause. There will be one arbitrator (to be appointed by the LCIA), the arbitration will take place in London, and the arbitration will be conducted in English. If you do not wish to agree to this clause, you must not use the Services.

18. Exclusive Venue

To the extent the parties are permitted under these Terms to initiate litigation in a court, both you and Snap Group Limited agree that all claims and disputes (whether contractual or otherwise) arising out of or relating to the Terms or the use of the Services will be litigated exclusively in the courts of England in the United Kingdom, unless this is prohibited by the laws of the country where you reside. You and Snap Group Limited consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts.

19. Choice of Law

The laws of England and Wales govern these Terms and any claims and disputes (whether contractual or otherwise) arising out of or relating to these Terms or their subject matter. The courts in some countries may not apply the laws of England and Wales to some disputes related to these Terms. If you reside in one of those countries, the laws of your home country may apply to those disputes.

20. Severability

If any provision of these Terms is found unenforceable, then that provision will be severed from these Terms and not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

21. Additional Terms for Specific Services

Given the breadth of our Services, we sometimes need to craft additional terms and conditions for specific Services. Those additional terms and conditions, which will be available with the relevant Services, then become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services. If any part of those additional terms and conditions conflicts with these Terms, the additional terms and conditions will prevail.

22. Final Terms

These Terms (together with any additional terms applicable to specific Services you use) make up the entire agreement between you and Snap Group Limited and supersede any prior agreements.
These Terms do not create or confer any third-party beneficiary rights.
If we do not enforce a provision in these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent.

Spotify
Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use

Effective as of 1 November 2016

1 Introduction
2 Changes to the Agreements
3 Enjoying Spotify
4 Rights we grant you
5 Third Party Applications
6 User-Generated Content
7 Rights you grant us
8 User guidelines
9 Infringement and reporting User Content
10 Service limitations and modifications
11 Brand Accounts
12 Spotify Support Community
13 Customer support
14 Export control
15 Payments, cancellations, and cooling off
16 Term and termination
17 Warranty and disclaimer
18 Limitation
19 Third party rights
20 Entire agreement
21 Severability and waiver
22 Assignment
23 Indemnification
24 Choice of law, mandatory arbitration and venue
25 Contact us

Hello, and welcome to our Terms and Conditions of Use. This is important and affects your legal rights, so please read them and our Privacy Policy and other terms referenced in this document carefully. We hope you’re sitting comfortably and listening to some great music. Here we go…

1 Introduction
Thanks for choosing Spotify (“Spotify”, “we”, “us”, “our”). By signing up or otherwise using the Spotify service, websites, and software applications (together, the “Spotify Service” or “Service”), or accessing any content or material that is made available by Spotify through the Service (the “Content”) you are entering into a binding contract with the Spotify entity indicated at the bottom of this document. The Spotify Service also includes the Spotify Support Community as further described in the Spotify Support Community section.
The Spotify Service includes social and interactive features. Use of the Spotify Service relies on several technical requirements.
Your agreement with us includes these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) and our Privacy Policy. (The Terms, Privacy Policy, and any additional terms that you agree to, as discussed in the Entire Agreement section, are referred to together as the “Agreements”.) If you wish to review the terms of the Agreements, the effective version of the Agreements can be found on Spotify’s website. You acknowledge that you have read and understood the Agreements, accept these Agreements, and agree to be bound by them. If you don’t agree with (or cannot comply with) the Agreements, then you may not use the Spotify Service or consume any Content.
Please read the Agreements carefully. They cover important information about Spotify Services provided to you and any charges, taxes, and fees we bill you. The Agreements include information about future changes to the Agreements, export controls, automatic renewals, limitations of liability, privacy information, a class action waiver, and resolution of disputes by arbitration instead of in court.
Any information that you provided during sign-up can be corrected during the sign-up process by returning to the previous screens and correcting erroneous information.
In order to use the Spotify Service and access the Content, you need to (1) be 18 or older, or be 13 or older and have your parent or guardian’s consent to the Agreements (except as set forth in the chart below), (2) have the power to enter a binding contract with us and not be barred from doing so under any applicable laws, and (3) be resident in a country where the Service is available. You also promise that any registration information that you submit to Spotify is true, accurate, and complete, and you agree to keep it that way at all times.
If you are a resident of one of the following countries, reference this chart for your country-specific age restrictions:
Country	Age Requirements
Chile, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru	Must be 18 or older, or be 15 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Brazil	Must be 18 or older, or be 16 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Nicaragua, Taiwan	Must be 20 or older, or be 13 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Bulgaria, Hungary, Germany	Must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Italy	Must be 13 or older to use Free Service. To register for a Paid Subscription, you must be 18 or older, or be 13 or older and have parent or guardian consent (your parents/guardians will enter into contract on behalf of you).
Malaysia	Must be 18 or older, or if 13 to 18, parent or guardian consent is required, and guardian enters into agreement.
Lithuania	Must be 13 or older to use Service. For Paid Subscriptions, you must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older with parent or guardian consent. If you are 13 to 18, guardian enters into agreement.
Canada	Must be 13 or older to use Service. For Paid Subscriptions, you must be age of majority in your province or territory of residence, or 13 or older with parent or guardian consent.
Spain	Must be 14 or older to use Free Service. To register for a Paid Subscription, you must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older and have parent or guardian consent (your parents/guardians will enter into contract on behalf of you).
2 Changes to the Agreements
Occasionally we may, in our discretion, make changes to the Agreements. When we make material changes to the Agreements, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Service or by sending you an email. In some cases, we will notify you in advance, and your continued use of the Service after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Service under the new version of the Agreements, you may terminate the Agreements by contacting us through the Customer Service contact form.
3 Enjoying Spotify
Here’s some information about all the ways you can enjoy Spotify.
3.1 Our Services & Paid Subscriptions
Spotify provides streaming services offering a selection of music and other content. Certain Spotify services are provided to you free-of-charge. Other Spotify services require payment before you can access them. The Spotify services that may be accessed after payment are currently referred to as the “Premium Service” and the “Unlimited Service” (together, the “Paid Subscriptions”). The Spotify service that does not require payment is currently referred to as the “Free Service”. You can learn more about our services by visiting our website.
The Unlimited Service may not be available to all users. We will explain which services are available to you when you are signing up for the services. If you cancel your subscription to the Unlimited Service, or if your subscription to the Unlimited Service is interrupted (for example, if you change your payment details), you may not be able to re-subscribe for the Unlimited Service. Note that the Unlimited Service may be discontinued in the future, in which case you will no longer be charged for the Service.
If you reside in Turkey, your access to the Free Service may be limited to a fixed amount of listening hours per month.
3.2 Codes and other pre-paid offers
If you have purchased or received a code, gift card, pre-paid offer or other offer provided or sold by or on behalf of Spotify for access to a Paid Subscription (“Code”), separate terms and conditions presented to you along with the Code may also apply to your access to the Service and you agree to comply with any such terms and conditions.
3.3 Trials
From time to time, we or others on our behalf may offer trials of Paid Subscriptions for a specified period without payment or at a reduced rate (a “Trial”). Spotify reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine your eligibility for a Trial, and, subject to applicable laws, to withdraw or to modify a Trial at any time without prior notice and with no liability, to the greatest extent permitted under the law.
For some Trials, we’ll require you to provide your payment details to start the Trial. AT THE END OF SUCH TRIALS, WE MAY AUTOMATICALLY START TO CHARGE YOU FOR THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION ON THE FIRST DAY FOLLOWING THE END OF THE TRIAL, ON A RECURRING MONTHLY BASIS. BY PROVIDING YOUR PAYMENT DETAILS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE TRIAL, YOU AGREE TO THIS CHARGE USING SUCH PAYMENT DETAILS. IF YOU DO NOT WANT THIS CHARGE, YOU MUST CANCEL THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION THROUGH YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT’S SUBSCRIPTION PAGE OR TERMINATE YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF THE TRIAL. IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO CONTINUE TO BE CHARGED ON A RECURRING MONTHLY BASIS, YOU MUST CANCEL THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION THROUGH YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT’S SUBSCRIPTION PAGE OR TERMINATE YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF THE RECURRING MONTHLY PERIOD. PAID SUBSCRIPTIONS CANNOT BE TERMINATED BEFORE THE END OF THE PERIOD FOR WHICH YOU HAVE ALREADY PAID, AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS, SPOTIFY WILL NOT REFUND ANY FEES THAT YOU HAVE ALREADY PAID. THE LIMITATION SECTION SETS FORTH ADDITIONAL TERMS REGARDING CANCELLATION OF YOUR PAID SUBSCRIPTION.
4 Rights we grant you
The Spotify Service and the Content are the property of Spotify or Spotify's licensors. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable licence to make use of the Spotify Service, and a limited, non-exclusive, revocable licence to make personal, non-commercial, entertainment use of the Content (the “Licence”). This Licence shall remain in effect until and unless terminated by you or Spotify. You promise and agree that you are using the Content for your own personal, non-commercial, entertainment use and that you will not redistribute or transfer the Spotify Service or the Content.
The Spotify software applications and the Content are licensed, not sold, to you, and Spotify and its licensors retain ownership of all copies of the Spotify software applications and Content even after installation on your personal computers, mobile handsets, tablets, and/or other relevant devices (“Devices”).
All Spotify trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, and any other features of the Spotify brand (“Spotify Brand Features”) are the sole property of Spotify or its licensors. The Agreements do not grant you any rights to use any Spotify Brand Features whether for commercial or non-commercial use.
You agree to abide by our User guidelines and not to use the Spotify Service, the Content, or any part thereof in any manner not expressly permitted by the Agreements. Except for the rights expressly granted to you in these Agreements, Spotify grants no right, title, or interest to you in the Spotify Service or Content.
Third party software (for example, open source software libraries) included in the Spotify Service are licensed to you either under the Agreements or under the relevant third party software library’s licence terms as published in the help or settings section of our desktop and mobile client and/or on our website.
5 Third Party Applications
The Spotify Service is integrated with third party applications, websites, and services (“Third Party Applications”) to make available content, products, and/or services to you. These Third Party Applications may have their own terms and conditions of use and privacy policies and your use of these Third Party Applications will be governed by and subject to such terms and conditions and privacy policies. You understand and agree that Spotify does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for the behavior, features, or content of any Third Party Application or for any transaction you may enter into with the provider of any such Third Party Applications.
6 User-Generated Content
Spotify users may post, upload, and/or contribute (“post”) content to the Service (which may include, for example, pictures, text, messages, information, playlist compilations, and/or other types of content) (“User Content”). For the avoidance of doubt, “User Content” includes any such content posted to the Spotify Support Community as well as any other part of the Spotify Service.
You promise that, with respect to any User Content you post on Spotify, (1) you have the right to post such User Content, and (2) such User Content, or its use by Spotify as contemplated by the Agreements, does not violate the Agreements, applicable law, or the intellectual property (including without limitation copyright), publicity, personality, or other rights of others or imply any affiliation with or endorsement of you or your User Content by Spotify or any artist, band, label, entity or individual without express written consent from such individual or entity.
Spotify may, but has no obligation to, monitor, review, or edit User Content. In all cases, Spotify reserves the right to remove or disable access to any User Content for any or no reason, including but not limited to, User Content that, in Spotify’s sole discretion, violates the Agreements. Spotify may take these actions without prior notification to you or any third party. Removal or disabling of access to User Content shall be at our sole discretion, and we do not promise to remove or disable access to any specific User Content.
You are solely responsible for all User Content that you post. Spotify is not responsible for User Content nor does it endorse any opinion contained in any User Content. YOU AGREE THAT IF ANYONE BRINGS A CLAIM AGAINST SPOTIFY RELATED TO USER CONTENT THAT YOU POST, THEN, TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER LOCAL LAW, YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD SPOTIFY HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND EXPENSES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS) ARISING OUT OF SUCH CLAIM.
7 Rights you grant us
In consideration for the rights granted to you under the Agreements, you grant us the right (1) to allow the Spotify Service to use the processor, bandwidth, and storage hardware on your Device in order to facilitate the operation of the Service, (2) to provide advertising and other information to you, and (3) to allow our business partners to do the same. In any part of the Spotify Service, the Content you view, including its selection and placement, may be influenced by commercial considerations, including agreements with third parties. Some Content licensed or provided to Spotify (e.g. podcasts) may contain advertising as part of the Content. In such cases, Spotify will make such Content available to you unmodified.
If you provide feedback, ideas or suggestions to Spotify in connection with the Spotify Service or Content (“Feedback”), you acknowledge that the Feedback is not confidential and you authorize Spotify to use that Feedback without restriction and without payment to you. Feedback is considered a type of User Content.
You grant Spotify a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, perpetual (or, in jurisdictions where this is not permitted, for a term equal to the duration of the Agreements plus twenty (20) years), irrevocable, fully paid, worldwide licence to use, reproduce, make available to the public (e.g. perform or display), publish, translate, modify, create derivative works from, and distribute any of your User Content in connection with the Service through any medium, whether alone or in combination with other content or materials, in any manner and by any means, method or technology, whether now known or hereafter created. Aside from the rights specifically granted herein, you retain ownership of all rights, including intellectual property rights, in the User Content. Where applicable and permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive any “moral rights” (or the equivalent under applicable law) such as your right to be identified as the author of any User Content, including Feedback, and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such User Content.
8 User guidelines
Spotify respects intellectual property rights and expects you to do the same. We’ve established a few ground rules for you to follow when using the Service, to make sure Spotify stays enjoyable for everyone. Please follow these rules and encourage other users to do the same.
The following is not permitted for any reason whatsoever:
•	copying, redistributing, reproducing, “ripping”, recording, transferring, performing or displaying to the public, broadcasting, or making available to the public any part of the Spotify Service or the Content, or otherwise making any use of the Spotify Service or the Content which is not expressly permitted under the Agreements or applicable law or which otherwise infringes the intellectual property rights (such as copyright) in the Spotify Service or the Content or any part of it;
•	using the Spotify Service to import or copy any local files you do not have the legal right to import or copy in this way;
•	transferring copies of cached Content from an authorized Device to any other Device via any means;
•	reverse-engineering, decompiling, disassembling, modifying, or creating derivative works based on the Spotify Service, Content or any part thereof unless permitted by applicable law;
•	circumventing any technology used by Spotify, its licensors, or any third party to protect the Content or the Service;
•	selling, renting, sublicensing or leasing of any part of the Spotify Service or the Content;
•	circumventing any territorial restrictions applied by Spotify or it licensors;
•	artificially increasing play count or otherwise manipulating the Services by using a script or other automated process;
•	removing or altering any copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property notices contained on or provided through the Spotify Service (including for the purpose of disguising or changing any indications of the ownership or source of any Content);
•	providing your password to any other person or using any other person’s username and password;
•	“crawling” the Spotify Service or otherwise using any automated means (including bots, scrapers, and spiders) to collect information from Spotify; or
•	selling a user account or playlist, or otherwise accepting any compensation, financial or otherwise, to influence the name of an account or playlist or the content included on an account or playlist.
Please respect Spotify, the owners of the Content, and other users of the Spotify Service. Don’t engage in any activity, post any User Content, or register and/or use a username, which is or includes material that:
•	is offensive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic, threatening, or obscene;
•	is illegal, or intended to promote or commit an illegal act of any kind, including but not limited to violations of intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or proprietary rights of Spotify or a third party;
•	includes your password or purposely includes any other user’s password or purposely includes personal data of third parties or is intended to solicit such personal data;
•	includes malicious content such as malware, Trojan horses, or viruses, or otherwise interferes with any user’s access to the Service;
•	is intended to or does harass or bully other users;
•	impersonates or misrepresents your affiliation with another user, person, or entity, or is otherwise fraudulent, false, deceptive, or misleading;
•	uses automated means to artificially promote content;
•	involves the transmission of unsolicited mass mailings or other forms of spam (“spam”), junk mail, chain letters, or similar, including through the Spotify inbox;
•	involves commercial or sales activities, such as advertising, promotions, contests, sweepstakes, or pyramid schemes, that are not expressly authorized by Spotify;
•	links to, references, or otherwise promotes commercial products or services, except as expressly authorized by Spotify;
•	interferes with or in any way disrupts the Spotify Service, tampers with, breaches, or attempts to probe, scan, or test for vulnerabilities in the Service or Spotify’s computer systems, network, usage rules, or any of Spotify’s security components, authentication measures or any other protection measures applicable to the Service, the Content or any part thereof; or
•	conflicts with the Agreements, as determined by Spotify.
You acknowledge and agree that posting any such User Content may result in immediate termination or suspension of your Spotify account. You also agree that Spotify may also reclaim your username for any reason.
Please be thoughtful about how you use the Spotify Service and what you share. The Spotify Service includes social and interactive features, including the ability to post User Content, share content, and make certain information about you public. Remember that shared or publicly available information may be used and re-shared by other users on Spotify or across the web, so please use Spotify carefully and be mindful of your account settings. Spotify has no responsibility for your choices to post material on the Service.
Your password protects your user account, and you are solely responsible for keeping your password confidential and secure. You understand that you are responsible for all use of your username and password on the Service. If your username or password is lost or stolen, or if you believe there has been unauthorized access to your account by third parties, please notify us immediately and change your password as soon as possible.
9 Infringement and reporting User Content
Spotify respects the rights of intellectual property owners. If you believe that any Content infringes your intellectual property rights or other rights, see Spotify’s copyright policy. If Spotify is notified by a copyright holder that any Content infringes a copyright, Spotify may in its absolute discretion take actions without prior notification to the provider of that Content. If the provider believes that the content is not infringing, the provider may submit a counter-notification to Spotify with a request to restore the removed content.
If you believe that any Content does not comply with the User guidelines, please fill out our notice form.
10 Service limitations and modifications
Spotify will make reasonable efforts to keep the Spotify Service operational. However, certain technical difficulties or maintenance may, from time to time, result in temporary interruptions. To the extent permissible under applicable law, Spotify reserves the right, periodically and at any time, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the Spotify Service, with or without notice, all without liability to you, except where prohibited by law, for any interruption, modification, or discontinuation of the Spotify Service or any function or feature thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have prepaid fees for Paid Subscriptions that Spotify permanently discontinues prior to the end of the Pre-Paid Period (defined in the Payments, cancellations, and cooling off section), Spotify will refund you the prepaid fees for the Pre-Paid Period after such discontinuation. You understand, agree, and accept that Spotify has no obligation to maintain, support, upgrade, or update the Service, or to provide all or any specific content through the Service. This section will be enforced to the extent permissible by applicable law. Spotify and/or the owners of any Content may, from time to time, remove any such Content without notice to the extent permitted by applicable law.
11 Brand Accounts
If you establish a Spotify account on behalf of a company, organization, entity, or brand (a “Brand”, and such account a “Brand Account”), the terms “you” and “your”, as used throughout the Agreements, apply to both you and the Brand, as applicable.
If you open a Brand Account, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licences provided in the Agreements and to bind the Brand to the Agreements.
11.1 Following
The Brand may only follow users who first follow the Brand; and the Brand may not take any action that implies an endorsement or relationship between the Brand and the followed user, unless the Brand has independently obtained the rights to imply such an endorsement. Upon Spotify’s request, in its sole discretion, a Brand must cease following a user.
11.2 Listening
The Brand may not stream media.
11.3 Messaging
The Brand may only send messages to users who first send messages to the Brand.
11.4 Brand Playlists and Sharing
The Brand may not create or share any Spotify playlists, whether within the Spotify Service or elsewhere, that imply an endorsement or relationship between the Brand and any artist or any other party, unless the Brand has independently obtained the rights to imply such an endorsement. Brands may wish to consult Spotify’s Brand Playlist Guidelines.
12 Spotify Support Community
The Spotify Support Community is a place for discussions and exchange of information, tips, and other materials related to the Spotify Service. In order to use the Spotify Support Community, you must (1) have an existing Spotify account; and (2) authenticate your Spotify account for use on the Support Community (a “Spotify Support Account”). Instructions for creating a Spotify Support Account can be found on the Community registration page. In addition to the Agreements, you also agree to adhere to the Spotify Support Community Guidelines that you will be presented with upon registration (the “Support Community Guidelines”) when using the Spotify Support Community. If you do not agree to the Agreements or the Support Community Guidelines, you may not use the Spotify Support Community.
12.1 Spotify Support Accounts
By creating a Spotify Support Account, you confirm that any registration information that you submit to Spotify is true, accurate, and complete and that you will update such information in order to keep it current. It is strictly prohibited to include information in your profile that suggests that you are a Spotify employee or moderator or to otherwise pose as such an employee or moderator when using the Spotify Support Community. You also acknowledge and agree that Spotify may remove or reclaim your username at any time if Spotify in its absolute discretion considers such action appropriate.
12.2 No official support
No User Content or other content posted by Spotify employees, moderators and/or representatives on the Spotify Support Community should be construed as official support provided by Spotify. For details regarding official support, see the section Customer Support. Any content provided or made available to you on the Spotify Support Community by Spotify employees, moderators, and/or representatives is provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind.
You acknowledge that opinions expressed in User Content on the Spotify Support Community are those of contributors of such User Content only and do not reflect the opinions or policies of Spotify or any of its officers, shareholders, employees, agents, directors, subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, or licensors.
12.3 Reward Program
The Spotify Support Community features a reward system whereby Spotify, in its sole discretion, may reward users based on the amount of “Kudos” received or quality of responses by a user. You agree to only give Kudos to other users (and not to yourself) and only when deserved, and to refrain from any attempts to manipulate the reward system, e.g., by creating multiple accounts or artificial responses. You acknowledge that Spotify’s decision in respect of any reward shall be final and binding.
13 Customer support
For customer support with account-related and payment-related questions (“Customer Support Queries”), please submit a ticket to our customer service department using the Customer Service contact form on the About Us section of our website. We will use reasonable endeavours to respond to all Customer Support Queries within a reasonable time frame but we make no guarantees or warranties of any kind that any Customer Support Queries will be responded to within any particular time frame and/or that we will be able to satisfactorily answer any such queries.
14 Export control
Spotify’s products may be subject to U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations or similar laws applicable in other jurisdictions, including the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) maintained by the Department of State. You warrant that you are (1) not located in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria; and (2) are not a denied party as specified in the regulations listed above.
You agree to comply with all applicable export and reexport control laws and regulations, including the EAR, trade and economic sanctions maintained by OFAC, and the ITAR. Specifically, you agree that you shall not – directly or indirectly – sell, export, reexport, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any products, software, or technology (including products derived from or based on such technology) received from Spotify under the Agreements to any destination, entity, or person prohibited by any applicable laws or regulations of the United States or any other jurisdiction without obtaining prior authorization from the competent government authorities as required by those laws and regulations. This export control clause shall survive termination or cancellation of the Agreements.
15 Payments, cancellations, and cooling off
Paid Subscriptions can be purchased directly from Spotify or through a third party, such as a telephone company, either by (1) paying a monthly subscription fee; or (2) pre-payment giving you access to the Spotify Service for a specific time period (“Pre-Paid Period”). If you have purchased a Paid Subscription using a Code, your Paid Subscription will automatically terminate at the end of the Pre-Paid Period, or when there is an insufficient pre-paid balance to pay for the Service.
When you register for a Paid Subscription, Trial, or Code online, you consent to get access to Spotify Premium immediately. If you reside outside the United States and register for a Paid Subscription or Code online, you may change your mind for any or no reason and receive a full refund of all monies paid within fourteen (14) days starting from the day you sign-up for the relevant service (the “Cooling-off Period”). Refunds will not, however, be provided if you have accessed Spotify at any time during the Cooling-off Period.
Unless your Paid Subscription has been purchased as a Pre-Paid Period, your payment to Spotify will automatically renew at the end of the subscription period, unless you cancel your Paid Subscription through your subscription page before the end of the current subscription period. The cancellation will take effect the day after the last day of the current subscription period, and you will be downgraded to the Free Service. However, if you cancel your payment or Paid Subscription and/or terminate any of the Agreements (1) after you have accessed Spotify during the Cooling-off Period, or (2) after the Cooling-off Period is over (where applicable), or (3) before the end of the current subscription period, we will not refund any subscription fees already paid to us. The refund method will depend upon the payment method.
If you wish to receive a full refund of all monies paid before the Cooling-off Period is over, you must contact Customer Support.
If you have purchased your Paid Subscription through a third party, your subscription is also subject to the terms of your agreement with that third party (in addition to these Terms). To cancel your subscription, you must cancel directly with that third party.
Spotify may change the price for the Paid Subscriptions, Pre-Paid Period (for periods not yet paid for), or Codes from time to time, and will communicate any price changes to you in advance and, if applicable, how to accept those changes. Price changes for Paid Subscriptions will take effect at the start of the next subscription period following the date of the price change. As permitted by local law, you accept the new price by continuing to use the Spotify Service after the price change takes effect. If you do not agree with the price changes, you have the right to reject the change by unsubscribing from the Spotify Service prior to the price change going into effect. Please therefore make sure you read any such notification of price changes carefully.
16 Term and termination
The Agreements will continue to apply to you until terminated by either you or Spotify. However, you acknowledge and agree that the perpetual licence granted by you in relation to User Content, including Feedback, is irrevocable and will therefore continue after expiry or termination of any of the Agreements for any reason. Spotify may terminate the Agreements or suspend your access to the Spotify Service at any time, including in the event of your actual or suspected unauthorised use of the Spotify Service and/or Content, or non-compliance with the Agreements. If you or Spotify terminate the Agreements, or if Spotify suspends your access to the Spotify Service, you agree that Spotify shall have no liability or responsibility to you and Spotify will not refund any amounts that you have already paid, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. To learn how to terminate your Spotify account, please contact us through the Customer Service contact form which is available on our About Us page. This section will be enforced to the extent permissible by applicable law. You may terminate the Agreements at any time.
Sections 6, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, and 24 herein, as well as any other sections of the Agreements that, either explicitly or by their nature, must remain in effect even after termination of the Agreements, shall survive termination.
17 Warranty and disclaimer
WE ENDEAVOUR TO PROVIDE THE BEST SERVICE WE CAN, BUT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. YOU USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SPOTIFY AND ALL OWNERS OF THE CONTENT MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER SPOTIFY NOR ANY OWNER OF CONTENT WARRANTS THAT THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS FREE OF MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. IN ADDITION, SPOTIFY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION NOR DOES IT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS (OR THE CONTENT THEREOF), USER CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY ON OR THROUGH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SPOTIFY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OF THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ADVERTISED ON OR THROUGH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE. AS WITH ANY PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION WHETHER ORAL OR IN WRITING OBTAINED BY YOU FROM SPOTIFY SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY ON BEHALF OF SPOTIFY IN THIS REGARD. SOME ASPECTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY IN SOME JURISDICTIONS IF PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
THIS DOES NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER.
18 Limitation
YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS TO UNINSTALL ANY SPOTIFY SOFTWARE AND TO STOP USING THE SPOTIFY SERVICE. WHILE SPOTIFY ACCEPTS NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT THEREOF, AND WHILE YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS MAY BE GOVERNED BY SEPARATE AGREEMENTS WITH SUCH THIRD PARTIES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AS WITH RESPECT TO SPOTIFY, FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT THEREOF, IS TO UNINSTALL AND/OR STOP USING ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SPOTIFY, ITS OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (1) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (2) ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS (WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT), IN ALL CASES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER SPOTIFY HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; OR (3) AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT MORE THAN THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO SPOTIFY DURING THE PRIOR TWELVE MONTHS IN QUESTION, TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Nothing in the Agreements removes or limits Spotify’s liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by its negligence, and, if required by applicable law, gross negligence. Some aspects of this section may not apply in some jurisdictions if prohibited by applicable law.
19 Third party rights
You acknowledge and agree that the owners of the Content and certain distributors (such as app store providers) are intended beneficiaries of the Agreements and have the right to enforce the Agreements directly against you. Other than as set out in this section, the Agreements are not intended to grant rights to anyone except you and Spotify, and in no event shall the Agreements create any third party beneficiary rights. Furthermore, the rights to terminate, rescind, or agree to any variation, waiver, or settlement of the Agreements are not subject to the consent of any other person.
If you have downloaded the App from the Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) App Store or if you are using the App on an iOS device, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the following notice regarding Apple. This Agreement is between you and Spotify only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Service and the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Service. In the event of any failure of the Service to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the App to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Service. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Service or your possession and/or use of the Service, including, but not limited to: (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim that the Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (3) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third party claim that the Service and/or your possession and use of the App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third party terms, when using the Service. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary of this Agreement. You hereby represent and warrant that (1) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (2) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
20 Entire agreement
Other than as stated in this section or as explicitly agreed upon in writing between you and Spotify, the Agreements constitute all the terms and conditions agreed upon between you and Spotify and supersede any prior agreements in relation to the subject matter of these Agreements, whether written or oral.
Please note, however, that other aspects of your use of the Spotify Service may be governed by additional agreements. That could include, for example, access to the Spotify Service as a result of a gift card or free or discounted Trials. When you are presented with an offer for such aspects of your use, you will be presented with any related additional agreement, and you may have an opportunity to agree to additional terms. Some of those additional terms are listed on Spotify’s website. To the extent that there is any irreconcilable conflict between any additional terms and these Terms, the additional terms shall prevail.
21 Severability and waiver
Unless as otherwise stated in the Agreements, should any provision of the Agreements be held invalid or unenforceable for any reason or to any extent, such invalidity or enforceability shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreements, and the application of that provision shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.
Any failure by Spotify or any third party beneficiary to enforce the Agreements or any provision thereof shall not waive Spotify’s or the applicable third party beneficiary’s right to do so.
22 Assignment
Spotify may assign the Agreements or any part of them, and Spotify may delegate any of its obligations under the Agreements. You may not assign the Agreements or any part of them, nor transfer or sub-license your rights under the Agreements, to any third party.
23 Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Spotify harmless from and against all damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising out of: (1) your breach of this Agreement; (2) any User Content; (3) any activity in which you engage on or through the Spotify Service; and (4) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
24 Choice of law, mandatory arbitration and venue
24.1 Governing Law / Jurisdiction
Unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction, the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with them) are subject to the laws of the state or country listed below, without regard to choice or conflicts of law principles.
Further, you and Spotify agree to the jurisdiction of the courts listed below to resolve any dispute, claim, or controversy that arises in connection with the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with them). (In some cases, that jurisdiction will be “exclusive”, meaning that no other countries’ courts can preside over the matter; have jurisdiction; in other cases, the jurisdiction is “non-exclusive”, meaning that other countries’ courts may have jurisdiction as well. This is indicated in the chart as well.)
Country	Choice of Law	Jurisdiction
Poland, Italy	Laws of Sweden	Exclusive; Courts of Local Country
Turkey	Laws of Sweden	Non-exclusive; Courts and other tribunals in the Republic of Turkey
Brazil	Laws of Brazil	Exclusive; State and Federal Courts of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, Brazil
Canada	Laws of the Province of Ontario	Exclusive; Courts of Ontario, Canada
United States, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay	State of California, United States	Exclusive; State and Federal Courts of San Francisco County, CA or New York, NY
Estonia, Hong Kong, Latvia, Lithuania	Laws of Sweden	Non-exclusive; Courts of Sweden
Spain	Laws of Spain	Exclusive; Courts of the consumer’s current domicile in Spain.
All remaining countries	Laws of Sweden	Exclusive; Courts of Sweden
Spotify does not accept any codes of conduct as mandatory in connection with the services provided under these Agreements.
24.2 CLASS ACTION WAIVER
WHERE PERMITTED UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND SPOTIFY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. Unless both you and Spotify agree, no arbitrator or judge may consolidate more than one person’s claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
24.3 ARBITRATION
If you are located in, are based in, have offices in, or do business in a jurisdiction in which this Section 24.3. is enforceable, the following mandatory arbitration provisions apply to you:
24.3.1 Dispute resolution and arbitration
You and Spotify agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and Spotify arising in connection with or relating in any way to these Agreements or to your relationship with Spotify as a user of the Service (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether the claims arise during or after the termination of the Agreements) will be determined by mandatory binding individual arbitration. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED. There may be more limited discovery than in court. The arbitrator must follow this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorney fees), except that the arbitrator may not award declaratory or injunctive relief benefiting anyone but the parties to the arbitration. This arbitration provision will survive termination of the Agreements.
24.3.2 Exceptions
Notwithstanding clause (24.3.1) above, you and Spotify both agree that nothing herein will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit either of our rights, at any time, to (1) bring an individual action in small claims court, (2) pursue enforcement actions through applicable federal, state, or local agencies where such actions are available, (3) seek injunctive relief in a court of law, or (4) to file suit in a court of law to address intellectual property infringement claims.
24.3.3 Arbitration rules
Either you or we may start arbitration proceedings. Any arbitration between you and Spotify will be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the “ICC”) then in force (the “ICC Rules”) by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules, as modified by these Agreements, and will be administered by the International Court of Arbitration of the ICC.
Any arbitration will be conducted in the English language and unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction, the law to be applied in any arbitration shall be the law of the State of California, United States, without regard to choice or conflicts of law principles.
24.3.4 Time for filing
Any arbitration must be commenced by filing a demand for arbitration within ONE (1) YEAR after the date the party asserting the claim first knows or reasonably should know of the act, omission, or default giving rise to the claim; and there shall be no right to any remedy for any claim not asserted within that time period. If applicable law prohibits a one-year limitation period for asserting claims, any claim must be asserted within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law.
24.3.5 Notice; Process
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other, by certified mail or Federal Express (signature required), or in the event that we do not have a physical address on file for you, by electronic mail ("Notice"). Spotify's address for Notice is: Spotify, Attn: General Counsel, 45 W. 18th Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10011, USA. The Notice must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (2) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand"). We agree to use good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if we do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Spotify may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Spotify shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. In the event our dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor, Spotify shall pay you (1) the amount awarded by the arbitrator, if any, (2) the last written settlement amount offered by Spotify in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award; or (3) $1,000.00, whichever is greater. All documents and information disclosed in the course of the arbitration shall be kept strictly confidential by the recipient and shall not be used by the recipient for any purpose other than for purposes of the arbitration or the enforcement of arbitrator’s decision and award and shall not be disclosed except in confidence to persons who have a need to know for such purposes or as required by applicable law. Except as required to enforce the arbitrator’s decision and award, neither you nor Spotify shall make any public announcement or public comment or originate any publicity concerning the arbitration, including, but not limited to, the fact that the parties are in dispute, the existence of the arbitration, or any decision or award of the arbitrator.
24.3.6 Modifications
In the event that Spotify makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to Spotify's address for Notice), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Spotify's address for Notice, in which case your account with Spotify shall be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject, shall survive.
24.3.7 Enforceability
If the class action waiver at Section 24.2 is found to be unenforceable in arbitration or if any part of this Section 24.3 is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 24.3 shall be null and void and, in such case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 24.1 shall govern any action arising out of or related to the Agreements.
25 Contact us
If you have any questions concerning the Spotify Service or the Agreements, please contact Spotify customer service by visiting the About Us section of our website.
If you are a California resident, you may have the Agreements mailed to you electronically by sending a letter to Spotify, Attn: General Counsel, 45 West 18th Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10011, USA with your email address and a request for the Agreements. In addition, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at 1-800-952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the service or to receive further information regarding use of the service.
Thank you for reading our Terms. We hope you enjoy Spotify!
Contracting entity:
Spotify AB
Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 Stockholm
Sweden
SE556703748501
© Spotify AB.

© 2017 Spotify AB
fTerms and Conditions
General Conditions of Carriage

Regulations and procedures are subject to change at short notice. Although the information contained on this site is as updated and correct as possible, Terravision may not be held liable for losses or damages, direct or indirect, due to this information.

Click below for Terms and Conditions relating to:

Definitions
Service admission
Provided services
Tickets
Vehicle access
Baggage
Terravision responsibilities
Claims
Passenger coupons
Passenger behaviour
Terravision communications
Conclusions
Terms and Conditions – Stanstedcitylink
Terms and Conditions – Airport Express Bus 
Terms and Conditions – AEROBÚS 
Terms and Conditions – Barzi Services
Terms and Conditions – Prague Airport Transfers 
Terms and Conditions – Modlinbus
Terms and Conditions – Faroshuttlebus

Definitions
The following words shall have the following meanings:“vehicle”: means the vehicle, bus or other means of transportation provided by Terravision on which passengers travel; “trip”: the trip entitled to passengers based on the indications on their ticket; “service”: activity conducted by the Company; “baggage”: any object the passenger carries on his person for the trip.

Service Admission
Travellers must be in possession of a valid ticket in order to use the transportation service and must keep it on their person for the entire duration of the trip. The trip is considered terminated after leaving the vehicle. For round trip tickets, the trip is considered terminated after leaving the vehicle on the return trip.

Provided Services
Carriage
Terravision carries passengers in possession of valid tickets on its vehicles. The ticket is a record of the agreement between the company and passenger. The ticket remains the property of Terravision and must be exhibited upon company request. Upon express request, the ticket must be returned to Terravision.

Passengers with disabilities.
Passengers with disabilities who fail to communicate these conditions upon reservation may be denied service and carriage.

Minors
Terravision does not provide service to unaccompanied minors (under age 14). Accompaniment and other special services are not available. Minors under age 14 must be accompanied by a passenger at least 16 years of age who must reserve both tickets together. Children aged 4 and under on the date of travel are not required to pay ticket fare. Children over the age of 4 are required to pay the appropriate child fare. Child safety seats may not be carried on board the bus.

Animals
Terravision is not required to carry animals on its vehicles except for guide dogs for blind or deaf passengers.

 Tickets
Ticket Validity
The ticket allows you to use Terravision service and make the trip stated on the ticket. Altered or damaged tickets are not valid for the trip stated on the ticket.

Etickets
Tickets must be printed and presented to our staff at the time of boarding. Please visit the website for instructions on how to correctly present your e-ticket. Should delays cause passengers to miss the service indicated on the ticket, the ticket shall be valid for the next departure. If the trip missed by the passenger is the last departure available for that day, the ticket shall be valid for the next day. Priority boarding is only guaranteed for the reserved departure time stated on the ticket.

Seat reservations
Passengers who wish to reserve a seat on a specific trip must reserve the seat online through the online booking system prior to the requested departure date. Seat reservations are subject to availability on single trips.

Ticket Corrections
Passengers can only modify the date and time of their online reservation prior to the date of travel by logging into their My Terravision account. Tickets purchased from Terravision staff may not be exchanged or modified.

Passenger responsabilities
The passenger must check the ticket to ensure it is correct before purchasing. For e-tickets, the passenger must check ticket correctness on the computer screen upon purchase at our website.

Cancellation Policy
Terravision tickets are non-refundable. Terravision is not liable to refund due to mistake bookings, changes in travel plans or flight delays or cancellations.

Invalid ticket
Passengers must travel with a valid ticket. If, following controls, a passenger is found with an invalid ticket, he will be asked to leave the bus or, alternatively, to purchase a ticket from the driver.

Fraudulent etickets
Terravision reserves the right to confiscate an e-ticket possessed by a passenger if there are reasonable grounds for considering it fraudulent. Furthermore, a passenger found in the possession of a fraudulent ticket will be prevented from using Terravision services and may be prosecuted by law.

Lost Ticket
Terravision is not liable for replacing lost or stolen tickets. In the event of loss or theft, passengers who still wish to use company services must purchase a new ticket.

Vehicle access
Stops
Vehicles may only be boarded and left at the authorised stops along the routes indicated by the specific signs. The passenger is responsible for ensuring that he or she reports to the correct bus stop and boards the correct bus service. Maps of all authorised stops can be found on the website www.terravision.eu.
Passenger delay
Passengers must be at the stop at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled departure time on the date of departure. Terravision is not liable for trips missed due to late passenger arrival and is not obliged to hold up any service to wait for late passengers.

Tickets to the airport:
Please choose the transfer service that allows you to arrive at the airport at least 2 hours prior to your scheduled flight departure time to allow time for check-in and all formalities related to the flight. Terravision is not liable for circumstances beyond its reasonable control such as heavy traffic or traffic accidents. If you do not comply with the deadlines as indicated and choose a transfer that does not allow enough time for boarding, you will not be entitled to any compensation.
Connections: It is the responsibility of the passenger to allow for sufficient transfer time when making connections with other various forms of transportation.

Baggage
Permitted baggage
Terravision does not charge for luggage nor is there any limit on the number of bags that can be carried as long as there is space available in the luggage hold. Small hand luggage is permitted on board as long as it fits in the overhead compartments and is not a security hazard, which is at the complete discretion of the driver.
Compatible with the space available on board, company personnel may permit skiing equipment, roller skates, bicycles and other “special” items, stored in specific cases, to be carried according to current fares. Passengers may contact Terravision to determine whether or not a certain item is permitted on board.
Fragile items such as electronics, portable televisions and radios are only permitted if reasonably sized. Small musical instruments such as guitars, cellos, violins or violas may only be permitted on board if a seat is reserved and the required fare paid. Foldable wheelchairs and other mobility means for the handicapped are permitted on board free of charge.
Bus drivers provide passenger assistance for their baggage but are not obliged to lift baggage.
For health and safety reasons, Terravision does not accept items on board weighing over 32 kilograms or sized over 81 cm. high, 119 cm. long and 119 cm. wide. Weight limits do not apply to mobility means for the handicapped.
Terravision is not liable for items not suitably packaged, perishable or fragile, or for slight damages to external baggage surfaces (for example, scratches, stains, dirt, dents), due to normal wear.
Prohibited baggage
Terravision is not obliged to carry: firearms, knives or any sharp object, weapons, explosives, chemical substances, drugs or solvents (except medications), toxic or contagious substances such as rat poison, infected blood, radioactive material, corrosive substances such as mercury and vehicle batteries and any other item the company deems hazardous, that can cause injury or is unsuited for the type of carriage provided due to weight, shape, fragility or perishability.
The items listed above as prohibited baggage shall be immediately removed if found on board.
Baggage packaging and identification
All passenger baggage must be appropriately packaged and labelled with the owner-passenger’s address and phone number. Terravision reserves the right to refuse baggage on board which, following controls, fail to meet these requirements. All baggage, excluding carry-on baggage, shall be stowed in specific bus compartments.
Carry-on baggage
Carry-on baggage shall be stowed in the compartment next to the passenger and remain at the passenger’s disposal. For this reason, the passenger is solely liable for the loss of carry-on baggage. We recommend valuables such as cash, jewellery, ID, electronics and life-saving medications be stored in carry-on baggage.
Lost baggage liabilities
In the event baggage is lost on a vehicle or at a bus station, it shall be taken into Terravision custody. The passenger shall be charged a fee for this service including, where possible, shipment of lost baggage. Baggage not labelled with the passenger’s phone number and address shall be disposed of within one month of finding it. Baggage content shall be examined and, where considered hazardous or perishable, disposed within 48 hours of its finding. Baggage found by other passengers and promptly delivered to vehicle personnel shall also be stored. Baggage loss must be immediately communicated to our personnel and confirmed, with details on all lost items, within 72 hours of the terminated trip by letter sent to Terravision, Via Archimede 164 – 00197 Rome – Italy – or by e-mail to customerservices@terravision.eu or any other address published for this purpose. Terravision is not liable for any lost or stolen items or baggage. Terravision recommends you insure your baggage against damages pertinent to the transportation contract with specific insurance companies.


Terravision responsabilities
Carriage
Terravision is obliged to carry passengers and their baggage with valid tickets according to the regulations set hereto. The company is also oblige to reduce travel discomforts and inconveniences to a minimum.
Trip delays or cancellations
Timetables published on  www.terravision.eu are approximate. The company reserves the right to change them, informing users of the reasons for change as well as any alternative schedules. Terravision may also suspend or cancel trips, providing passengers with due notice. In this case, the company may decide to add a new trip to replace the suspended one or extend the passenger’s ticket validity. Terravision is not liable for losses, damages or costs incurred by passengers due to service delays or cancellations. Terravision is not liable to passengers who did not reserve their trip.
Cancellation after service initiates
Unless due to reasons beyond Terravision’s control, should the bus carrying the passenger be unable to complete the journey before reaching the passenger’s chosen destination, the company shall have the right to choose one of the following options: a) select an alternative means of transportation that guarantees the passenger’s arrival at the destination; b) provide a substitute vehicle; c) refund the passenger; d) issue the passenger a Terravision coupon
No liability
Terravision is not liable for circumstances beyond their reasonable control. The following are examples of events beyond the company’s reasonable control: war or threat of way, accidents on the service routes, adverse and exceptional weather conditions, fire and/or damages to bus stations, vandalism, terrorism, unforeseen traffic, technical problems or local riots or unrest.
Death and personal injuyry
Terravision shall reimburse damages incurred due to its negligence in the event of passenger death or personal injury.
Airline companies
Terravision is not liable for the service quality provided by airline companies or for any flight delays or cancellations.

Claims
Procedure
Passengers must personally lodge claims and, if required, provide proof of identification and any related flight documentation. If the ticket is in more than one passenger’s name, all passengers must lodge claims simultaneously. Claims must be lodged at Terravision offices or sent by e-mail to customerservices@terravision.eu. Claims must be lodged within 30 days of the departure date. Purchased tickets must be enclosed with claims.


Passenger coupons
Features
The coupon is: personal, transferable to third parties, valid for six months from date of issue indicated on the coupon. Coupons may be used for all Terravision services as well as at the Terracafé in Rome and Florence.
Coupon redemption
Should a passenger wish to use a service that costs more than the value of the coupon, he must pay the fare difference. If the service costs less than the value of the coupon, no monetary change will be given.

Passenger behaviour
Required behaviour
Passengers must correctly and reasonably behave at stations and on board buses, carefully listening to the instructions provided by Terravision personnel.
Prohibited behaviour
Bad passenger behaviour is prohibited. Examples of bad behaviour include: threatening Terravision personnel or other service users, storing baggage in a way that creates discomfort to other passengers, blocking emergency exits or the central bus aisle, using radios, noisy games, musical instruments or radio devices that disturb other users. Passengers are not allowed to eat or drink on board. Alcohol or drugs may not be taken on board nor may passengers under the influence of these substances board the bus. Terravision reserves the right to prevent passengers from boarding the bus or assist them in leaving the bus when, heedless of these instructions, their behaviour is deemed prohibited.
Liability for other passengers’ behaviour
Terravision is not liable for the acts or omissions committed by other passengers on the bus or in the station. However, the company shall monitor the behaviour of all users.

Terravision communications
Terravision shall provide passengers with information on schedule changes, general communications or trip cancellations via e-mail to the address provided upon trip reservation. E-mail delivery shall be accepted as proof of receipt. If Terravision was not provided a valid e-mail address, please check the website 24 – 72 hours prior to departure at www.terravision.eu  or at one of the company’s info points.

Conclusions
Indications
The carriage contract stipulated with Terravision is subject to the general carriage conditions for passengers and baggage currently in effect and the relevant rules, instructions and/or regulations pertinent to specific subjects. Terravision conditions and rules are, through this notice, referred to as an integral part of the contract.
This is to inform you of the due information on data processing purposes and methods as well as on the communication and disclosure of the data you provided to Terravision (hereinafter also referred to as only “Company”) for your participation on website www.terravision.eu (hereinafter also referred to as only “Site”).
The purpose and length of data processing are strictly related to your site participation.
The Company may use the data you provided for all the purposes tied to your participation, including the possibility of providing you access to all the services offered on the site. The Company reserves the right to also use this data for all the other legal purposes associated with its business.
As needed, Terravision has the right to modify this Privacy Policy following sector initiatives or variations concerning laws, IIP or Pertinent Data collection methods and use, services or technologies.
These variations are effective as of their publication by the Company on the Site.
By continuing to use the services offered by Terravision after the publication of an updated Privacy Policy version, the user tacitly accepts the Privacy Policy with its changes. Therefore, it is essential that the user periodically rereads the Privacy Policy to keep up with any changes. Should Terravision substantially change IIP and Pertinent Data collection methods and use, single user IIP and Pertinent Data management shall still be subject to the Privacy Policy under which they were collected provided the user was informed and did not object to the change.
Specifically, the Company may:
a) process the data you provided to conduct analyses, market surveys and statistics on user satisfaction and preferences regarding the Company’s services;
b) process the data you provided and those inferred by your navigation on the site to identify commercial profiles and use these for marketing, advertising, promotional and sales purposes; for this reason, the Company may use cookies, meaning portions of files saved by your computer to monitor your site navigation;
c) inform you of new Site features and, more generally, Company initiatives.
For processing purposes, as illustrated and within the limits of the above, all your data may also be disclosed to third parties, public or private, such as companies that conduct market surveys and statistics, companies that provide marketing, advertising, promotional and sales services.
Providing data and consent to the processing, communication and disclosure for the above purposes are mandatory for project participation. Any refusal to provide the required data or relevant processing, communication and disclosure consent shall deny project participation and the possibility of completing activities associated with the project.
Your personal data shall be computer processed, both on and offline, by individuals specifically assigned by the Company such as Company employees, associates or consultants.
The Site may contain links that transfer you to other sites. Sites linked to www.terravision.eu are not under the Company’s control and may have privacy policies other than the one described herein. Consequently, the Company may not be deemed liable in any way for any violation of your privacy on sites other than www.terravision.eu.
Furthermore, the Company may not be deemed liable in any way for any direct communication of your personal or sensitive information of any other nature in Site sections dedicated to Forums.
The Company reserves the right to disclose the data you provided to any third party purchasers of the company or its branches.
You may exercise your rights, such as accessing, receiving indications on the source of the personal data, on the purposes and methods of processing, on the logic applied in the event electronic tools are employed for processing, on the identification data concerning the data controller and individuals or categories of individuals to whom or which the personal data may be communicated and who or which may get to know said data, the update, rectification, integration, cancellation, transformation and block of illicitly processed data – contacting the data controller at the addresses listed below:
The Data controller is Terravision London Finance, contactable via e-mail at: customerservices@terravision.eu
Registered offices: Park View 183 -189 ,The Vale London, W37RW.

Stansted Airport – London service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Stanstedcitylink
Information and Publicity

Information and Publicity
1. Information Full details of the times and fares of services are available from appointed booking offices and agents and on the internet at www.stanstedcitylink.com. These are subject to variation. Special Holiday timetables may operate on public holidays and passengers are advised to check times with the Company before making travelling arrangements. Relevant publicity material on the Company’s services is available through the Company’s offices and agents. It is the passenger’s responsibility to ensure that the timing of the journey booked arrives in sufficient time to enable onward connections to be made and passengers are advised to allow at least three hours between the scheduled arrival time of the coach and the departure time of any connecting flight.
Buying a ticket and seat reservations
2. A seat reservation can be made for travel only by booking in advance via the Company’s website. A ticket bearing a valid reservation reference provides travel between the points shown on the date(s) and at the departure time(s) shown on the ticket. A reservation entitles a passenger to a seat on the specified journey but not to any specific seat on the coach. Pre-booked passengers must arrive at the departure point for their journey not less than 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time shown on their ticket otherwise their seat reservation will be void and their seats reallocated to other passengers. In such cases, tickets will remain valid for 24 hours from the scheduled departure time and passengers will be offered seats on the next available journey on a ‘first come, first served’ basis. Ticket holders are not bound or entitled to travel on any particular vehicle, except as set out above. The Company will not be liable for any loss or inconvenience suffered by the holders of tickets without pre-booked reservations owing to their not being able to find accommodation on the particular vehicle on which they desire to travel.
3. Passengers with restricted mobility should indicate whether they are wheelchair users when making their booking. Only one wheelchair space is provided inside each coach. Contact details for such passengers should be provided to the Company when booking. (Please also see ‘Special Needs’ and ‘Wheelchairs’ below).
4. Alterations to tickets Alterations to tickets are only permitted in the event of an error in booking and these must be notified to the Company within 48 hours of making the booking. Tickets may not be altered after the departure date and time. Any alterations are subject to seat availability.
Tickets
5. Your contract with the Company A ticket that has been issued to you is evidence of a contract between you and the Company. If the ticket entitles you to any goods or services from a third party, it is also evidence of a contract between you and that party.
6. You may not transfer your ticket A ticket may only be used by the person for whom it has been bought. It cannot be resold or passed on to anyone else.
7. Requirement to hold a ticket You have the right to use the Company’s services only if you hold a ticket or other authority to travel which is valid for those journeys you want to make. Please retain your ticket for inspection at any time whilst on board the coach.
8. Conditions on which tickets are issued
Each ticket is issued subject to:
these Conditions;
any conditions set out in the notices and other publications issued by the Company and
the conditions set out in the notices and other publications issued by another party if your ticket enables you to use any of their goods or services or upon whose property your journey may start or terminate.
9. Children under 14 years of age and infants must be accompanied on the Company’s services by a responsible adult who is a fare paying passenger. Child fares apply to passengers less than 16 years of age. The Company’s staff and agents can request proof of age.
10. One infant aged under 3 years, accompanied by an adult fare-paying passenger, will be carried free of charge. Any additional infants, accompanied by the same adult will be charged at child fares.
11. Concessionary Travel Schemes Unless specifically stated in the Company’s literature or on its website, the Company does not participate in any free or reduced fare concessionary travel schemes.
Validity of Tickets
12. The period during which you can use a ticket The period during which a ticket is valid is as printed on the ticket or stated in the notices and other publications of the Company or as contained in these Conditions of Carriage.
13. The times you can travel and the services you can use Any reduced or discounted fare tickets may be subject to restrictions such as the dates, days, and times when you can use them, and the services on which they can be used. These restrictions are set out in the notices and other publications of the Company and it is the responsibility of passengers to ensure that they are aware of such. If you travel on a service with a ticket which is not valid on that service because of such a published restriction, you will be required to purchase a full price ticket for the journey made.
14. e-Tickets The following special conditions apply to e-Tickets (i.e. those purchased via the Company’s website, App or other electronic means):
No refunds or amendments will be made in relation to e-Tickets whether before or after the date of travel (except in case of notified error as above).
As with any other ticket purchased in relation to travel on any one of the Company’s services, e-Tickets are not transferable and are only valid on the journey for which they were booked.
e-Tickets are like any other ticket purchased in relation to travel on the Company’s services – if you cannot produce a valid ticket you will not be able to travel.
If we have reason to suspect the fraudulent use of an e-Ticket, we reserve the right to confiscate or otherwise invalidate it and prevent you from travelling on our services. In such an event we reserve the right to take further proceedings should we see fit. No refund will be made in relation to any e-Ticket confiscated or invalidated under this special condition.
Use of Tickets
15. Breaking or ending a journey at intermediate places A break of journey is only allowed for interchange purposes. In such instances the passenger must travel on the first available connecting service. Failure to comply will result in the passenger having to purchase a full price ticket for the journey made.
16. If you travel further than your ticket allows If you travel to a place beyond the one specified on your ticket, you will be treated as having joined the coach without a valid ticket for that additional part of your journey and a full price ticket will have to be purchased as if it were a separate journey.
17. Withdrawal of tickets If you fail in a material respect to comply with any condition that governs the use of a ticket, the staff or agents of the Company may withdraw or otherwise invalidate the ticket.
Refunds
18. The Company will not refund or replace lost or stolen tickets. New tickets must be purchased for travel. If the original tickets are found they should be sent to the Customer Service Team as above with the receipt portion of the new ticket and a covering letter, where a refund may be made at the Company’s discretion.

Your Responsabilities/span>
19. Please check tickets and change at the time they are issued When you buy a ticket, you should make sure that it is valid for the journey you want to make and that you have received the correct change. If possible, you should tell staff about any apparent errors at that time. If you do not, the Company or agent which sold you the ticket will only consider claims about any errors if you can show to its reasonable satisfaction that an error was made on its part. In the event that a debit or credit card or other form of payment is rejected, tickets purchased by that transaction will be invalid.
20. Arriving in time to board the coach Passengers who have reserved tickets should arrive at the correct departure point for their coach not less than 15 minutes prior to the scheduled departure time. The correct departure point is the actual stop or coach station stand from which the coach will depart.
21. Passengers arriving late Where passengers arrive at the departure point later than 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time, the Company reserves the right to allow other passengers without reserved tickets to board the coach and there is no guarantee that you will be able to travel at that time. No responsibility for any loss can be accepted in such circumstances. The Company may at its absolute discretion permit passengers to use a valid ticket up to 24 hours from the pre-booked departure time subject to capacity being available on a subsequent journey but does not guarantee any priority in such circumstances. Such journey must be made in the same direction and between the same two points as the pre-booked ticket.
22. Make sure you are on the correct coach and that you get off at the right stop You are responsible for making sure that you join the correct coach and that you get off at the right stop.
23. Inspection of tickets You must show and, when required, hand over for inspection and scanning as required, a valid ticket and any accompanying discount card at the request of the staff of the Company or its agent. A ticket which registers as having been used for a previous journey will not be accepted for travel and a new ticket must be purchased. In the event of dispute, passengers are advised to purchase a new ticket and submit a refund request as above.
24. If your ticket is spoiled or altered It must be possible for the barcode/QR on the ticket to be scanned. If a ticket is defaced, damaged or tampered with it is not valid for travel. The Company reserves the right to refuse to issue a replacement ticket in such circumstances.
25. Lost or mislaid tickets A ticket is your evidence of your right to make a journey and its safekeeping is your responsibility.
26. When you have to change coaches If it is necessary to change coaches you will be responsible for your transfer between stops and for the transfer of your luggage. If this is due to the breakdown of a vehicle, passengers must follow any instructions given to them by the Company’s staff to ensure their safety.
27. Making time for connections Passengers must allow plenty of time for their coach journey to arrive in time to connect with other forms of transport provided by other carriers or before an appointment when travelling to important appointments. The Company does not accept responsibility for any delays caused by circumstances beyond our control.
28. Comfort breaks Short halts may be made on some routes for refreshments or other reasons. Passengers must return to the coach punctually within the time allowed for these halts. Coaches may have to proceed without a passenger who fails to rejoin the coach at the prescribed time as set out in the timetable or as announced by the driver. The Company will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by such an occurrence.
29. More than one person travelling on one ticket Where two or more people are included on the same ticket, the person purchasing the ticket shall be deemed to do so on the basis that he or she acts as agent for both or all the members of the party and accepts these conditions on behalf of each member of the party. The party must remain together, unless otherwise directed by a Company official (for example due to capacity on a particular vehicle), or purchase separate tickets if the passengers wish to travel separately, in which case no refund will be given.
Responsabilities of the Company
30. It is the Company’s responsibility to carry the passengers, with the minimum discomfort and inconvenience to the destination shown on the ticket. However sometimes, due to circumstances beyond the Company’s control or for other reasons, coach services are disrupted or cancelled.
31. The Company shall not be in breach of its obligations to carry the passengers if a service is cancelled due to circumstances beyond its reasonable control, which shall be deemed to include, but not be limited to traffic congestion, exceptional severe weather conditions, accidents causing delays on the coach service route, fire and/or damage at a coach station, compliance with requests of the police, deaths and collisions on the road, vandalism and terrorism and acts of God.
32. In the event of any failure by the Company to fulfil its obligations due to a circumstance beyond its reasonable control, the passenger shall be entitled to a refund of their ticket price but the Company shall have no additional liability beyond this.
33. If the Company fails to carry the passenger to their destination as shown on their ticket for any reason not otherwise excluded (for instance, and in particular due to a mechanical breakdown of the Company’s coach), the Company shall, at its own expense and discretion as to the means, arrange or provide alternative transport, usually another coach, to complete the journey as soon as reasonably practical having regard to the circumstances. Provided that the Company does so within a reasonable time, it shall have no other liability as a result of any delay in performing its obligations.
34. Limitation of Liability for Breach of Contract Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these terms, the Company’s liability for any failure on its part to carry the passenger to the destination shown on the ticket shall be limited to reimbursing the passenger for the reasonable cost of alternative travel to such destination by public transport and the passenger shall be reimbursed on submission by registered post or electronic means to the Company’s office at ComfortDelGro House, 329 Edgware Road, Cricklewood, London NW2 6JP, United Kingdom of the appropriate receipt or other voucher for the cost of such travel, together with their original Stansted Citylink ticket. In particular, but without prejudice to the above paragraph, the Company shall have no liability for any consequential losses of the passenger as a result of failure by the Company to fulfil its obligations for example but without limitation, passengers missing flights or other onward connections.
On Board Confort
In the interest of all passengers the following “comfort” rules will apply:
35. Noise/entertainment. The playing on coaches and in coach stations of radios, cassette or CD players, personal stereos, musical instruments is not permitted. However, provided that the driver of a coach is satisfied that the sound of a personal stereo does not cause offence or inconvenience either to himself or to the other passengers, he may allow an exception to this requirement. A coach is a confined area and passengers should only use mobile telephones where essential. Where ‘wi-fi’ is provided on its coach, the Company cannot give any undertakings as to the quality of the signal, available bandwidth, download speed or continuity of such a service.
36. Alcoholic drinks. Passengers are not permitted to take alcoholic drinks onto coaches for the purpose of consuming them on board, nor to drink such drinks on the coach or to remain on the coach when in the opinion of the driver they are under the influence of alcoholic drink. Any container of alcohol must remain sealed at all times when on board the coach.
37. No Smoking policy. Passengers are not permitted to smoke, including substitute smoking materials such as electronic cigarettes, on board any vehicle operated by the Company and in all coach stations/shelters (except where it is indicated that smoking is expressly permitted). The Company is entitled to request offending passengers to remove themselves from the coach or coach station/shelter if they do not comply with a request to desist from smoking.
38. Drug and Solvent abuse. Passengers are not permitted to board or remain on board any of the Company’s services whilst under the influence of drugs and/or solvents.
39. Special Needs. Certain seats or wheelchair areas may be reserved for passengers with restricted mobility or other special needs. Passengers should always comply with any requests from staff to make such seats available. Any special requirements should be made known to the Company at least 48 hours in advance of travelling.
40. Wheelchairs. Wherever possible, the Company will assist passengers using wheelchairs. One wheelchair user per coach may be accommodated inside the vehicle provided that the wheelchair does not exceed 1200mm x 700mm in size and the space has been booked in advance. The wheelchair must be appropriately positioned and secured. Folding wheelchairs will be carried where possible; however battery-powered wheelchairs cannot be carried unless they can be safely stowed in disassembled parts in the luggage compartment of the coach. In each case, the weight of each unit must not exceed 20kg. The Company can offer no guarantee that a member of staff trained in the correct lifting and handling of the wheelchair bound passenger will be available to offer assistance. It is therefore incumbent on the passenger to make suitable arrangements to have a qualified person available to assist at boarding, departing or connecting point unless confirmed arrangements have been made in advance with the Company. The final decision regarding the safe carriage of wheelchairs and their occupants rests with the Company staff present at the time of boarding, in line with guidance issued by the Company from time to time.
41. Food & Beverages. Passengers are not allowed to take onto our coaches any hot food or beverages e.g. chips, take-away meals, coffee, tea etc. We are entitled to refuse access to any passenger with hot food or beverages. Passengers are requested not to leave litter on the coach but to dispose of it responsibly.
42. The Company reserves the right to refuse entry or to remove from the Company’s vehicle(s) any passenger who shall be or, in the opinion of the driver or other Company official, appears to be in breach of any of these comfort rules. Travel may also be denied, either at the time of the incident or subsequently, to any passenger who is abusive, violent or threatening to any member of staff or other person. Any passenger so refused or removed shall not be entitled to any refund or compensation whatsoever from the Company and the Company shall have no liability to such passenger whatsoever.
Luggate and Personal Property
43. Neither the Company nor its servants, agents or subcontractors are common carriers and luggage and personal property for carriage will only be accepted on these conditions.
44. We reserve the right to refuse to carry in the hold more than two medium sized (70 x 30 x 45 cm) suitcases, rucksacks or similar package of luggage weighing not more than 20kgs each and more than one small bag inside the coach. Additional luggage may be carried subject to accommodation being available within the vehicle as determined by the driver or other Company official, in which case excess luggage will be subject to a charge of £5 per item. Luggage carried inside the coach must not obstruct any gangway or exit.
45. Large/hazrdous luggage items The Company reserves the right to refuse trunks or other bulky articles, or articles of an objectionable or dangerous nature or which have sharp or protruding edges which may tear or damage other luggage with which it is packed within the coach. The Company is also entitled to request any passenger to open any article of luggage for inspection by the driver or other authorised employee of the Company in the presence of the passenger if, for reasons of security, the Company considers it necessary to do so. Subject to availability of accommodation and payment of the appropriate charge, bicycles and skis/surfboards will be carried provided they are packed in such a way as to prevent damage to other luggage. Fragile items such as electronic goods, portable televisions, radios etc. will only be carried if they are of reasonable size and securely packed. The Company will not be responsible for any damage to such items howsoever caused. Luggage of a potentially hazardous nature (including without limitation weapons, firearms, explosives or flammable items) is not permitted to be carried on any coach without the express permission of a Company official.
46. Passengers are responsible for getting themselves and their luggage onto the correct service. Medication and valuables should not be stowed in the luggage hold but taken on board. If the Company’s staff assists with luggage, it remains the passenger’s responsibility to see it on and off the coach. The passenger must also look after his or her luggage at all times including whilst at coach stations, stops and on the coach.
47. Luggage given into the custody of the Company must be clearly and appropriately labelled and securely packed and locked/fastened. The passenger’s name, destination and contact telephone number should be shown on the outside of the luggage.
48. The Company will not be liable for loss or damage to passengers luggage or to any possessions of the passenger unless such a loss or damage is caused by negligence on the part of the Company, its servants or agents; and, in the event of the Company being liable for loss or damage under this clause, its liability in such case shall be limited to the sum of £100 for any single claim. Where an item of luggage contains items belonging to more than one person, only one claim will be considered by the Company. The Company’s liability will be limited to £25 for any one item within the luggage lost or damaged. The Company will not be liable for any monetary loss whatsoever. This includes currency, valuable securities such as cheques, money orders, premium bonds and certificates and all other items which may be valued in money or money’s worth. The Company recommends passengers to insure their luggage and personal property.
49. Loss of luggage or personal property must be notified immediately to a Company employee and also to the local Police Station. The Company reserves the right to levy a charge for storage and return of lost property in accordance with the applicable regulations. Any lost property which is unclaimed will be disposed of after 60 days, although property considered to be perishable or hazardous may be disposed of immediately. Any item of luggage which may be the cause of cause of concern from a security viewpoint may be passed to the police or other competent authority which could result in its destruction. The Company will accept no liability in respect of the safe keeping of lost or unattended luggage except as detailed above.
Carriage of Animals
50. Animals, other than guide dogs accompanying registered blind persons and hearing dogs accompanying deaf persons, with suitable identification, will not be carried on the Company’s services.
51. If an animal is taken on board without the driver’s permission the passenger will be required to remove it.
General
52. The published journey times of services are approximate only and the Company does not undertake that services will start or arrive at the time specified in its timetables or on its website or that such services will connect with any other services shown as connecting services.
53. Except as provided in these terms, the Company will not be held liable for any loss howsoever arising or caused as a result of any delay to such services or by the same not operating in accordance with their published timings.
54. The Company reserves the right to alter its timetables or suspend, cancel or withdraw services or departures or other facilities without notice, whether before or after a passenger has booked accommodation on the same.
55. The right is reserved to provide carriage between the points stated on the ticket issued to the passenger by means other than the vehicles scheduled to run on the journeys to which the ticket relates.
56. Any arrangements for hotel accommodation, meals, refreshments, admissions to or for the use of premises, vehicles (including coaches), trains, ferries, aircraft or other means of conveyance operated by persons or bodies other than the Company are made by the Company as agent for and on behalf of the passenger, on the express condition that the Company shall not be liable for any loss, damage, injury, delay or inconvenience howsoever caused to the passenger as a result of any such arrangements for such matters or use thereof. Such arrangements are subject to any by-laws, regulations or conditions of the provider of the facility.
57. Applicable law Any ticket sold or arrangement entered into on behalf of the passenger is on the condition that the laws of England shall apply to the contract arising and to the determination of the rights and liabilities of the respective parties and that no action or other proceedings shall be brought by either party in relation to the contract or for damages independent of such contract except in a court of competent jurisdiction in England. Unless otherwise stated in these Conditions of Carriage, no person other than the passenger or the Company shall have the benefit of, or be entitled to rely upon or enforce any term of any contract of carriage between these parties. Any reference herein to gender shall include all genders, and singular and plural shall apply according to context.

Stansted Airport – London service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Airport Bus Express

1. Making a Purchase with us
2.1 Once you purchase the ticket, it is not refundable.
2.2 Once we have reviewed your order we will email you the e-ticket which must be printed out and brought with you on your journey.
2.3 You must travel with your ticket:
You must take your ticket with you whenever you travel in our coach and should produce your ticket to the drive. If you do not take your ticket with you when traveling, or do not produce your ticket when asked, then you are deemed to have travelled without a ticket. If you do not have a ticket when you board, and subject to seats that are available, a ticket must be purchased from the driver. If you purchased an electronic ticket you must ensure that it can be displayed at all times the driver, or any authorised Airport Express Bus employee, on your smart phone.
2.4 Images of products on this website are for illustrative purposes only.
2.5 Whilst we try to be as accurate as possible, all information provided is approximate and is provided in good faith.
2.6 This contract is covered by English law.
2.7 By placing an order with us, you agree to and accept these terms, as well as our privacy policy and the terms of website use.
3. How to place order
3.1 You can use our website to place an order by selecting the product you wish to buy and adding it to your basket. Items you do not require can be removed from your basket at any time.
3.2 Carriage charges will be shown prior to you placing your order.
3.3 You will be required to pay for the goods in full at the time of ordering.
3.4 We use secure payment facilities for online purchases which are supported by industry standard SSL encryption, which we are responsible for. You can pay for your order on our secure website by Visa, Mastercard or Delta/Connect, and your details will be transferred to the payment system using SSL encryption.
3.5 Promotional prices only apply during the period stated.
3.6 All prices quoted on our website are in UK pounds and include Value Added Tax at the current rate.
3.7 Once your order has been confirmed, changes may not be possible or may incur additional charges.
3.8 Once your order is complete we will email you your e-ticket.
3.9 We use Sage Pay to collect and process transaction information, further details of Sage Pay’s security policy can be found here: www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/security-policy
4. Your e-ticket details
4.1 Tickets are not refundable,
4.2 Your e-ticket is non-refundable.
4.3 Your ticket is an open ticket and is valid in both directions.
4.4 Your ticket is only valid for use once, although anybody you authorise may use your ticket.
4.5 If we change the price the ticket is valid for 90 days following the price change.
5. Cancellation and returns
5.1 Your ticket is non-refundable and cannot be returned.
6. Liability
6.1 The products sold on this website have been designed to comply with all relevant UK legislation. We cannot warrant or represent that they comply with any legal requirement outside the uk.
6.2 We do not accept liability for any consequential loss of profit or indirect losses. You should therefore not book installation of the goods until you have received them and inspected them.

Barcellona Airport – Barcellona service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY AEROBÚS

TRANSPORT CONDITIONS

Tickets with a QR code must be validated before boarding the bus.
Please have a valid copy of your ticket during the whole journey.
Please do not talk or distract the driver.
Please leave the reserved seats to those who need them.
Do not eat or drink on board of our buses.
Please place your luggage in the dedicated space.
Please request your stop in advance.
Please move close to the exit if your stop is nearby.
Please keep an eye on your belongings.
 

STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOUR:

Do not smoke on board.

Do not damage or vandalize the bus.

Passengers must board and alight from the dedicated doors.

Passengers must satisfy with appropriate conditions of health and hygiene in order to not annoy or inconvenience other customers.

Please follow the instructions given by our staff.

Travelling with animals is not allowed except for assistance dogs or small domestic animals kept in suitable containers.

Staff may refuse entry or remove from the bus passengers who not fulfil the above mentioned conditions.

 

TICKETS:

Passengers must have a valid ticket for their whole journey.

One way tickets are valid 1 year.
Return tickets. The online ticket is valid 1 year while just the retunr segmenti is valid 15 days from the use of the first segment. After this periods the tickets are not valid anymore.
The AEROBUS it is not an integrated service to the Fare System therefore the AEROBUS ticket does not allow for change over or any other type of public transport.
Kids up to 4 years old travel free.

Tickets tampered with or damaged are invalid.

OFFENCE AND PENALTY FARES:

Travelling without a valid ticket will be sanctioned with a minimum penalty fare of €100.
This is an extract from the passenger regulations of the public transport services covered by the Barcelona Metropolitan Transport Authority.
Read the full conditions of carriage on the website of AMB (http://www.ambmobilitat.cat/Principales/Inicio.aspx).

The bus drivers and bus stop staff can provide claim forms.

Treviso Airport – Venice service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Barzi services./strong>

Treviso Airport – Venice service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Barzi services.
GENERAL TRAVEL PROVISIONS
The tickets are named, they cannot be ceded to a third party and they are only valid on the ride and the day for which they were originally issued. In case of a flight delay the passengers will be allowed to the travel on the following ride.
The ticket must be shown to the personnel upon request.
In case the ticket is not used the passenger will not be entitled to a refund nor to a date change.
The price of the service is to be considered the one in effect at the time when it was issued, this applies also in the case of potential following modifications.
Once the tickets are issued the passengers must check that all the details (travel dates, origin and destination of the service, time) are correct.
All the information regarding timetables are subject to changes therefore the exact time of the rides will have to be reconfirmed at the time of booking.
The carrier does not take responsibility for delays or cancelled rides due to circumstances beyond their reasonable control such as strikes and weather conditions.
• Baggage transportation
Each passenger is allowed to carry one hand luggage.
The carrier can refuse to carry any item which is considered incompatible with the ordinary means of the company or that contrast with our safety regulations. It is strictly forbidden to carry liquids of any kind.
The carrier is not liable for any lost, stolen, damaged items or baggage.
The luggage it is not insured and travels at the passengers own risk.
Claims must be personally lodged and successively confirmed in writing within two days from the travel date.
In the event that a piece of luggage given in custody to the carrier is lost the refund will never exceed €100.
All parcels must be clearly labelled with the address and contact details of both the sender and the recipient.
• Children Transportation
Kids between 0 and 8 years old travel for free.
• Pets Transportation
No pets are allowed to travel on our buses.

Prague Airport – Prague service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Prague Airport

Transfers
All claims for the return of money and claims for damages, if any, must be made in writing or by e-mail within 30 days. After the lapse of this time limit the Customer has no claim for the return of money (compensation). Any complaint of a Customer will however be properly disposed of also in this case. The compensation of any damage/inconvenience caused is limited to a maximum amount that is equal to the price of the transport for individual booking but does not exceed an amount of CZK 2,000. (€73).

Complaints
In the case of any problem, the following procedure for handling complaints must be followed. If a Customer wants to make a claim for damages, the Company must be informed immediately about the situation that has arisen in the case of any problem. In case a Customer cannot find his Driver or has any other problem with a particular service ordered, he contacts the Company immediately over the telephone using the stated telephone number. If a problem is not solved immediately or to the required extent, the Customer informs the Company of this fact by e-mail or in writing and gives all details concerning the complaint. Then the complaint will be investigated as soon as possible, usually within a few days.

Obligations of the Customer
A Customer is obligated to behave according to the Driver’s instructions during the transport and in general to observe the applicable safety regulations for the transport. A Customer notes that he has been notified of all circumstances, including the safety regulations, before the execution of the transport. A Customer also undertakes not to damage the carrier’s equipment and transport spaces in any way, and to keep it clean. A Customer is aware of his liability for damage that he causes to the Company or ordered carrier due to the Customer’s behaviour if the mentioned obligations are breached. Furthermore, a Customer is obligated to start the journey at the agreed start time, with the exception of cases when factors outwith his control prevent this, such as the reasons mentioned
INFANT (0-2) are not entitled to a seat and will have to travel on the laps of the accopanying adult
Validity of the Commercial Terms and Conditions
These commercial terms and conditions are valid for an indefinite term starting on 10 March 2016. If these terms and conditions are changed, as reserved by the Company, the commercial terms and conditions in the version valid at the time when the contract was signed or the valid purchase order was sent are binding on the Customer.

Modlin Airport – Warsaw centre service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY TRANS KINETIK Sp. z o.o. Sp. k.

I.General provisions
1. The following terms and conditions (hereinafter referred to as “Terms and Conditions of Carriage”) defines terms and conditions of service, check-in, passenger transport and their luggage in accordance with the Transport Act of 15 November 1984 (i.e. Journal of Laws [Dz. U.] from 2012 item 1173) hereinafter referred to as the “Transport Law”.
2. The terms and conditions hereof shall apply to the licensed domestic passenger coach Carriage Services operated by Radosław Rzepnikowski and Janusz Sadowski acting as the company TRANS KINETIK Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. with the registered office in Warsaw, at ul. Pełczyńskiego 22a lok. 78, 01-471 Warsaw, Tax ID (NIP): 522-299-59-83, based on the permits for regular coach Carriage Services, including, in particular, permits for execution of regular services in the domestic road transport Modlin – Warsaw– Łódź and pursuant to the permit for execution of special regular services in the domestic road transport Warszaw – Modlin Permit 0000968/2 dated 26.09.2013 Permit 0000968/2 dated 5 November 2012 Permit 0000968/1 dated 21 August 2012 Permit 0000968 dated 1 August 2012.
II.Definitions
1. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions of Carriage the following definitions shall apply:
a. Carrier – Radosław Rzepnikowski and Janusz Sadowski acting as Trans Kinetik Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. with the registered office in Warsaw, at ul. Pełczyńskiego 22a lok. 78, 01-471 Warsaw, Tax ID (NIP): 522-299-59-83, providing services of Passenger transport based on the permits for special regular services in the domestic road transport;
b. Ticket – a document issued by the Carrier in the form of an e-Ticket or a Regular ticket entitling the holder to a single use of the service provided by the Carrier;
c. e-Ticket – a document issued and delivered by the Carrier electronically in the form of a graphic file, which entitles the holder to a single use of the service provided by the Carrier. An e-Ticket printed out by a Passenger or a person acting on a Passenger’s request, including a Ticket sales agent, shall remain an e-Ticket;
b. Regular Ticket – a document issued by the Carrier in a Point of Sales, which entitles the holder to a single use of the service provided by the Carrier;
c. Fee – a fee for the Carriage Service provided on the Ticket;
f. Passenger – a person which holds a valid ticket for the use of a Carriage Service provided by the Carrier, in particular, a person using such a service based on a valid ticket and a child under 2 carried on a lap of a parent or a guardian.
g. Luggage – movable objects placed in a suitable packaging taken on board by a Passenger;
h. Hold Luggage – luggage of maximum weight of 30 kg carried in the luggage hold;
i. Hand Luggage – luggage whose dimensions allow for placing the luggage under the seat or on a shelf above a Passenger’s seat. The luggage cannot obstruct the aisle, emergency exits or be placed on a seat during the journey;
j. Carriage Service – a Carriage Service provided by the Carrier, including Luggage transport, from the selected departure place to the place of destination indicated in the Ticket;
k. Contract of Carriage– an agreement concluded by and between the Carrier and a Passenger upon a Passenger’s purchase of the Ticket, in accordance with which the Carrier shall transport the Passenger together with their Luggage from the selected departure place to the place of destination indicated in the Ticket, on conditions included in the Terms and Conditions of the Carriage Service;
l. Point of Sale – a point of Ticket sale that belongs to the Carrier’s own distribution network.
m. Carrier’s Website – a Carrier’s website registered at: www.modlinbus.pl, www.modlinbus.com.pl and www.modlinbus.com, through which the Carrier offers the e-Ticket sales system.
III.Passenger
1. A Passenger shall be obliged to comply with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of Carriage, and in particular:
a. to hold a valid Ticket at the check-in time,
b. to prepare the Luggage in such a way so as not to pose any risk to the safety of other Passengers,
c. to place the Luggage which is not Hand Luggage in the right luggage hold of the coach,
d. to fasten the seat belt and use them in accordance with their intended purposes,
e. not to consume alcoholic beverages, smoke and take any substances (e.g. drugs) on board of the coach.
f. in the case of purchasing a Ticket in order to arrive at the airport before a flight, a Passenger shall be obliged to choose such a ride, whose estimated time of arrival at the airport is at least 2 hours before their plane departure, taking into account potential atmospheric conditions and traffic.
2. If the Passenger intends to travel with a child who is less than 150 cm tall, he/she can mount a safety seat or other restraint device in the bus for the time of travel.
In this regard, the carrier informs that:
Child that is 0-2 years of age is carried free of charge, transported exclusively in a car safety seat or other equipment to carry children which correspond to the weight and height of the child and the technical conditions prescribed in the regulations of the European Union or in UNECE regarding car safety seat in the vehicle. A parent or a guardian traveling with a child is obliged to provide a car safety seat on their own. The child should stay in the car safety seat throughout the trip (it is not allowed to carry children on one’s hands or on one’s lap) – these should be reported to the Carrier (via e-mail and / or telephone) before traveling in order to book the seat on the bus, under pain of inability to travel.
Child between 2-12 years old ( 3. An underage person must travel with a legal representative. For the fulfillment of all obligations while traveling through the minor suits her legal representative,
4. The statutory representative an underage person is obliged to control the content of which the underage person use by monitors available on the bus or wi-fi providing access to the Internet.
IV.Luggage
1. Every passenger can take on board a maximum of two pieces of Luggage, including:
a. one piece of Hold Luggage,
a. one piece of Hand Luggage.
2. Furthermore, the Carrier enables a Passenger a possibility of transporting sport equipment (bicycle, snowboard, etc.) if and only if it is possible to place it in the luggage hold and packaging, which enables save journey.
3. The transportation service specified in sections 1 and 2 above shall exclude:
1) objects whose transport is forbidden pursuant to separate legal regulations;
2) dangerous objects or objects that may cause harm to people or property;
3) corpse and human remains.
4. In the case of a reasonable suspicion, the Carrier may check whether the content of luggage does not violate the provisions of section 3 above. Should a Passenger not report to participate in the inspection or cannot be found, inspection shall be performed in the presence of persons designated by the Carrier to this purpose.
5. Should any violation of section 3 be determined, the costs related to the inspection shall be borne by the Passenger.
6. The Carrier may refuse to accept as luggage any objects that due to their condition of properties may be damaged or destroyed during the transport if the packaging used is not sufficient or if no required packaging has been provided.
7. The Carrier shall not accept for storage any deposits of money, securities and valuable objects, in particular valuables or objects of scientific or artistic value. The Passenger may transport the above-mentioned objects only in their Hand Baggage under their own supervision. The Carrier shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of the above-mentioned objects, unless such a damage or loss was caused by willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Carrier.
8.The amount of compensation payable by the Carrier for loss or damage to property cannot exceed the normal value of things. In the case of the carriage of goods with value greater than 500.00 (five hundred) zloty especially electronic equipment, the Passenger must insure them on their own and report the fact to the personnel prior to placing the luggage in the hold.
9. Any baggage left in the vehicle after a completed bus ride on a given route, if, subject to the regulations on lost and found objects, it has not been handed over to the right authority yet, shall be released to the authorized Passenger against acknowledgement of receipt by the Passenger, upon proving the Passenger’s right to collect the Baggage. Objects left in vehicles out of forgetfulness or other reasons shall not be covered by protection or liability of the Carrier, unless the damage was caused by fault of the Carrier.
10. The Carrier shall not be responsible for any baggage or objects outside the baggage compartment, unless the damage was caused by fault of the Carrier.
V.Carrier
1. Pursuant to these Terms and Conditions of Carriage, the Carrier shall:
a. perform the Carriage Service by coach, which includes transport of a Passenger and their Luggage, in accordance with the Contract of Carriage in the route specified in the Ticket.
b. ensure safety and hygienic conditions, comfort as well as proper service during provision of the Carriage Service.
2. The Carrier shall have the right to refuse to provide a Carriage Service or refuse continuation of transport if:
a. a Passenger does not comply with the transport law regulations or terms and conditions of the Contract of Carriage and the Terms and Conditions,
b. a Passenger is in a state or acts in a manner that could affect the safety or comfort of other Passengers; in particular, the Carrier may not allow carriage or may refuse further carriage of a Passenger who by their behavior disturbs the public order, acts offensively, insultingly or aggressively, unless such refusal to provide the Carriage Service or to further carry a Passenger violates social principles.
3. The Carrier reserves the right to commission the Carriage Service to other carriers.
4. The Carrier shall not be liable for any delays resulting from fortuitous events and traffic events beyond their control.
5. Carrier reserves the right to update the timetable, while varying the already made reservations.
6. In the event of any delay of arrival of the last scheduled plane at the Warsaw-Modlin Airport on a given day, the Carrier reserves the right to delay departure of the last coach from the Warsaw-Modlin Airport scheduled in the timetable on that day in order to enable passengers whose flight has been delayed use the Carrier’s service directly after their arrival. In the event of the aforementioned delay all Passengers who purchased the Ticket for the delayed coach before the Carrier’s announcement of a delayed coach departure shall be entitled to return their Ticket until the start of coach departure and to receive a refund of the total Ticket fee.
7. The Carrier on selected routes (eg. Łódź, Bydgoszcz, Toruń, Włocławek, Płock) provides the ability to use of the monitors available in the seats. The passenger can watch videos from the set of films available on the monitors by the Carrier and the use of monitors to use the internet via wi-fi. Purchase a ticket for the indicated route does not guarantee a seat with access to the monitor because one of the seats is without access to the monitor.
8. In the case of journeys made on the route referred to in paragraph. 6 above, the Carrier is entitled to substitute for the purpose of carriage coach or bus not equipped with monitors when bus equipped with monitors is unavailable for reasons of service.
VI.Ticket
1. Only a valid Ticket held by a Passenger at the moment of check-in shall be a document entitling to the service with Luggage on conditions described in the following Terms and Conditions of Carriage.
2. The Carrier sells Tickets through the online sale system available at the Carrier’s Website in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of Online Ticket Sales and at a Point of Sales. Tickets may also be sold by agents purchasing Tickets on a Passenger’s request on the Carrier’s Website.
3. A purchase of a Ticket shall oblige a Passenger to pay the Fee.
4. Tickets issued by the Carrier shall bear a holder’s name and may not be re-sold by Passengers.
5. Regular Tickets or e-Tickets must be shown by a Passenger to the coach crew representing the Carrier for verification purposes. It is a condition for using the Carriage Service.
6. Invoices are issued on the Customer’s request. The Service Provider shall reserve 21 days for sending of a printed-out invoice.
The message should have an original receipt attached and in the case of a lack, the invoice cannot be issued. In the case of invoices for electronic tickets, the request for an invoice can be sent by an e-mail.
7. A parent or a guardian travelling with a child under the age of 2 shall carry with the child on their lap or in a child safety seat.
8. Carriage of a child under the age of 2 on a parent’s or guardian’s seat shall not be subject to any additional fee.
9. A child at the age from 0 to 12 travelling depending on their age on a passenger seat or a safety child seat shall be entitled to a Concessionary Ticket.
10. The remaining Passengers shall be obliged to purchase Full-fare Tickets.
VII.Change and return of a ticket
1. Until the departure date provided on the ticket a Passenger may request a change of departure date or time. However, such a change may be introduced only if there are still seats available for the new journey indicated by a Passenger.
2. In the event of a flight cancellation or redirection to an airport other than Warsaw-Modlin due to reasons beyond the Carrier’s control (force majeure, fog, snowstorm, etc.), the Ticket cannot be returned. It is possible, however, to change the travel date, but it must be done before the departure date specified in the Ticket subject to availability of seats on a given service.
3. In the event of a delay resulting from fortuitous events, as well as traffic events, the Ticket cannot be returned.
4. Should a Passenger be late for a given ride due through their own fault or as a result of a delayed arrival, the Ticket cannot be return. The Carrier may recognize the unused Ticket as valid for the next service or the first service the next day, depending on the number of seats available.
VIII.Transport of animals
1. It shall be forbidden to transport animals in carrier’s coaches, except for a guide dog assisting a disabled person.
2. A guide dog should be equipped with a harness bearing a visible writing “Pies asystujący” (an assistance dog) and have a certificate confirming the status of the assistance dog as well as certificates of performed veterinary vaccinations. A disabled person shall not be obliged to put a muzzle on the assistance dog and keep it on a leash.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USING FREE INTERNET ACCESS (WIFI) AND ADDITIONAL SERVICES
1. The following Terms and Conditions stipulate terms and principles of using the Internet access via Wi-Fi and Additional Services provided by the Service Provider (boarding pass print-out and passenger online check-in).
2. For additional services the Service Provider shall charge fees in the amount specified in the service price list available in every coach.
3. A Passenger who wishes to use the Wi-Fi Services shall read these Terms and Conditions. The use of the Wi-Fi Service shall be equivalent to acceptance of terms and principles contained herein.
4. Upon acceptance hereof a Passenger shall proceed in the web search to the website www.modlinbus.pl with an option for further free use of Wi-Fi and Additional Services.
5. A Passenger who uses the Wi-Fi service is its User.
6. A User shall not be allowed to use the Wi-Fi Service for illegal purposes, in particular:
a. sending and sharing contents that violate any personal rights,
b. download and share contents violating copyrights of third parties (e.g. software, films, music, etc.), contents of a racist character, pornographic content, etc.,
c. send advertising contents unordered by customers (spam),
d. deliberately spread computer viruses and other programs that can damage computers of other Internet users or storage of data,
e. obtain unauthorized access to IT system resources of other Internet users.
7. A User shall bear the exclusive responsibility for the manner in which the Wi-Fi Service is used, including its content and the content of messages sent, taking into account the possible criminal liability for any illegal acts.
8. The statutory representative an underage person is obliged to control the content of which the underage person use by monitors available on the bus or wi-fi providing access to the Internet.
9. The carrier on the route from Bydgoszcz-Torun-Wloclawek-Plock-Modlin-PKiN-Okecie provides the opportunity to use the monitors which are available in 48 of the 49 seats. The passenger can watch videos from the set of films made available on the monitors by the Carrier and the use of monitors to use the internet via wi-fi. Buying a ticket for the indicated route does not guarantee a place with access to the monitor because one of 49 seats is without the access to the monitor.
10. In the case of journeys made on the route referred to in paragraph 9, the Carrier is entitled to substitute for the purpose of carriage coach or bus not equipped with monitors when bus equipped with monitors is unavailable for reasons of service.
11. In the event of any violation hereof by a User, as well as the misuse of Wi-Fi Service, the Service Provider shall have the right to deprive a User their access to it.
12. Due to the moving of coaches during the use of Wi-Fi, the Service Provider shall not guarantee:
a. uninterrupted proper functioning of the Wi-Fi Services,
b. fixed bandwidth and other of its parameters,
c. availability of all network services
13. The Service Provider shall not be responsible for:
a. unauthorized use by a User of software and other works that are subject to intellectual property protection of contents available on the Internet,
b. reduced bandwidth, as well as temporary lack of Internet access through Wi-Fi network and a temporary lack of access to Additional Services.
c. any damage caused by delays in receipt or transfer of data caused by lack of transmission, incorrect transmission, delays or interruptions in the access to the Wi-Fi Service,
d. any damage caused by a User’s use of the software supplied by third parties via the Internet,
e. any damage constituting a consequence of making available to third parties of such data as: logins, user names, passwords, etc.
f. damage caused by a lack of possibility to use Additional Services as a consequence of bandwidth limitation or temporary lack of connection with the Internet due to technical reasons,
g. lack of wireless access to the Internet in the event of a necessity to transport Users by a replacement coach,
h. incompatibility of a User’s computer with the wireless infrastructure,
i. privacy policy of websites other than the Service Provider’s website.
14. The exclusions enumerated in paragraph 10 above shall not include damage caused deliberately by the Service Provider or persons for which the Service Provider is responsible.
15. The Service Provider shall not provide Users with support in the scope of computer and IT services operation.
16. The radio transmission of data as part of the Wi-Fi Service is not encrypted.
17. In order to be able to use the Wi-Fi Service and Additional Services, the Service Provider may use cookie files at each connection of a User’s computer to the network made available by the Service Provider.
18. Pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act dated 29 August 1997 (i.e. Journal of Laws [Dz.U.] from 2002, No. 101, item 926 as amended). The Service Provider shall be the administrator of the personal data of a User using the Wi-Fi Service. The Service Provider shall be obliged to keep a User’s personal data confidential. Exception to the above provision shall be a situation in which a User authorizes the Service Provider to disclose their personal data to other entities or such authorization shall result from law.
19. Personal data of Users shall be collected and stored by the Service Provider for statistical purposes and upon consent of a User for marketing purposes.
20. Each User shall have the right to access, complete, update, correct and demand cessation of processing, removal of their personal data, if they are incomplete, outdated, false or were collected by violation of the Act or are useless for the purpose, for which they were collected. Rights and obligations of a User in the scope of personal data are defined by the Personal Data Protection Act of 29 August 1997 (i.e. Journal of Laws [Dz.U.] from 2002, No. 101, item 926 as amended).
21. To matters not settled herein, generally applicable law regulations as well as the Terms and Conditions of Online Ticket Sales available at www.modlinbus.pl in the Terms and Conditions tab shall apply.

Faro Airport – Faro service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Faroshuttlebus

1. Description of Services:
FaroShuttleBus is a transport service that connects door to door Faro airport with hotels and tourist apartments in the Algarve.
Service rates are per person and vary according to the final destination. We operate 24 hours / 365 days a year. Infants under 2 years old travel free of charge. You can rent child seats for 5 Euro/seat/transfer. You must notify this by email at least 24 hours before the transfer. The e-mal shall be sent to info@faroshuttlebus.com
Your ticket is your contract with FaroShuttleBus:
A ticket that has been issued to you is evidence of a contract between you and the Company. If the ticket entitles you to any goods or services from a third party, it is also evidence of a contract between you and that party. Your email address will be used
to send you a confirmation of the service you have purchased with FaroShuttleBus.
2. Customer Pickup Procedure:
A. Airport to Hotel Shuttle Service (Shared Transfer)
Upon your arrival to Faro Airport you must contact our FaroShuttleBus agents located at FaroShuttleBus desk nº 27 at the Arrivals Terminal by the luggage belts. Our agents will direct you to the bus. This service may be shared with other customers.
The price for the Service requested depends on the area of Drop-off.
If you have troubles finding us, please call our emergency number: 00351914913250
NOTE: The maximum waiting time shall not exceed 45 minutes counting from the moment you
reach our desk.
B. Hotel to Airport Shuttle Service (Shared Transfer)
The vehicle will pick you up at the time and place specified in the reservation. You should allow a delay on maximum 15 minutes due to traffic. If you are not present at the set time and place, the vehicle will wait for maximum 5 minutes and no refund will be made.
This transfer may be a shared with other customers. The price for the service depends on the area of Pick-up.

3. General Conditions and cancellation policy
Payment terms
Payment of Services shall be made at the time of your Reservation, by credit card VISA, MasterCard for the amount due.
Baggage Insurance
The liability of the Company in case of loss, or theft, the client’s luggage is limited in accordance
with Spanish Legislation on Road Transport.
Special Equipment
If you carry special equipment, such as Golf/Ski equipment, bicycles, extra luggage, please contact us at info@faroshuttlebus.com for information about applicable supplements.
Terms of Service

(If you are a user having your residence in the EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland)

Last updated: July 2020
1. Your Relationship With Us

Welcome to TikTok.

TikTok is a leading platform for creating and sharing short-form videos (the “Platform”). You are reading the terms of service (the “Terms”), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our related websites (such as tiktok.com), services, applications, products and other content which are stated to be offered subject to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”). 

The Services are provided by the company that offers the Services in your region (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”):  

    Residents of the EEA + Switzerland: The Services are provided by TikTok Technology Limited, which is registered in Ireland with its registered office at 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland and company number 635755.
    Residents of the United Kingdom: The Services are provided by TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, which is registered in England with its registered office at 6th Floor, One London Wall, London, EC2Y 5EB, United Kingdom.

Your Service provider may change if you relocate to another country and continue using our Services. The Services are provided for private, non-commercial use. For the purposes of these Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services.

The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully and if you do not agree to them, please do not register, access or use any of the Services.
2. Description of the Services 

The Services and the Platform are only for people 13 years old and over. 

You can use the Services and the Platform via the TikTok mobile apps (“App”) and via the TikTok Website (“Website”). Certain functions are available only in the App. Further, not all Services or features may be available in your country or region. Different features may be available in different versions of the Services. Certain features are not available for users under a certain age. 

The Services allow you to create, publish and share short-form videos and to consume videos other users have created and interact with those videos and other users. 

Create and share videos: In particular:

    You can record or import videos into the Services. 
    You can edit videos and enrich them with filters and additional elements. 
    You can also include content from other users in your videos, provided the creator of the respective video allows the use of their content for such purposes. Other users can use your content in their videos, if you allow the use of your content for such purposes.
    You can publish videos in the Services so that other users can consume your videos. Videos you publish publicly will be available in the App and on the Website.
    You can share your videos, or videos of others that have enabled sharing, via various messaging services and on third-party social media platforms (e.g. Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter) in accordance with the respective terms of service.
    You can enter a video description, tags and various privacy settings when publishing a video.
    You can enter a short biography text and profile picture in your public user profile.
    Subject to the conditions of our Virtual Items Policy you can live stream, use live streaming features, purchase coins and exchange coins for gifts (the “Live Stream Program”). 

Consume videos: You can consume videos of other users of the Services. In particular:

    You can consume videos that other users have shared publicly or by users you follow.
    The Service provides you with a customised “For You” page in which the Service selects videos to show you based on what the Service determines could be interesting for you. For further information, please see the Privacy Policy. 
    The Service provides other ways to find content for you to consume, e.g. a list of other users’ videos on their profile, a search function, and category selection.
    You can watch live streams of other users.

Interact with other users: You can interact with users’ content and other users. In particular:

    Direct messages: You can send direct messages to users if they follow you. 
    Likes: You can like videos. 
    Comments: Subject to users’ settings, you can post comments on their videos.
    Follows: You can follow users. If users restrict their profile, you can only follow users if they approve your request to follow.
    “Find Friends” functionality: You can find friends through your phone address book and through Facebook. 

Pro Accounts: You can also upgrade your user account to a free “Pro Account”. A Pro Account gives you access to additional features, such as aggregated statistics about your content. If you participate in the TikTok Creator Marketplace (“Marketplace”), you can use the Pro Account menu to access settings and manage requests relating to Marketplace functions. 

Limitations to the Services: We strive to offer the Service without significant interruptions and to improve the Service continuously. However, it may occur that the service is completely or partially unavailable for certain periods of time for reasons of planned or unplanned downtime, for maintenance or in case of technical difficulties.

3. Accepting the Terms

By registering, accessing or using the Services, you agree that you can, and are entering into a legally binding contract with TikTok comprised of the Terms, that you are 13 years old or over and that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them.

Your access to and use of our Services is also subject to our Community Guidelines and our Virtual Items Policy, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile device’s applicable app store. Those additional guidelines and policies are incorporated into this legally binding contract between you and us by reference.

Please also review our Privacy Policy as this governs how we use your personal information.  

If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) “you” and “your” includes you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity’s behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any employees, agents or contractors.

While we will always have a copy of our current Terms available on the Platform (including the “Last Updated” date), you should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records. 

4. Changes to the Terms and Services

We are constantly innovating, changing and improving the Services. We may also amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of the Services, or when there are regulatory changes that impact these Terms or the Services. 

We will provide reasonable advance notice such as through a notice on our Platform of any material modifications to these Terms or our Services that will materially disadvantage you or materially limit the access or usage of our Services. However, you should also look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms, to reflect the effective date of the most recently updated version of the Terms. As we do not permit the use of the Services by persons who do not agree to comply with our Terms, your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of such new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services and close your account (if applicable).

For modifications to the Terms or to the Services that we need to make to meet security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to notify you in advance but we will let you know as soon as practicable.
5. Your Account with Us

To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete. The Terms are also accessible to you on the Platform at all times. It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you must notify us immediately at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.
6. Termination 

We reserve the right to temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your user account or impose limits on or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services with or without notice at any time for any or no reason including: 

    if we reasonably believe you violate, or we have objective grounds to reasonably believe you are about to violate, the Terms, including any incorporated agreements, policies or guidelines (such as our Community Guidelines), or any applicable laws or regulations; 
    if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair us or our Services or infringe or violate any third party rights (including intellectual property rights); 
    in response to requests by law enforcement or other government agencies under valid legal process; 
    due to unexpected technical or security issues or problems; or 
    if there are extended periods of inactivity in your account. 

If we permanently suspend or terminate your user account, we will notify you in advance in order to allow you time to access and save your information and content unless we have reason to believe that continued access to your account will cause damage to us or our Services, or violate requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, applicable laws or regulations or third party rights.  

Subject to any statutory rights you might have, if your account is temporarily or permanently suspended or terminated, access to your username, password, and any related information or content associated with your account may be suspended or terminated. As we do not guarantee the permanent availability of your content, you should make backups of any content you value. 

If you no longer want to use our Services, you can request the deletion of your account through the functionalities provided on the Platform. You can also contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. We will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process of the deletion of your account. Please be aware that once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.
7. Your use of the Services

Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You may not:

    access or use the Services if you are not 13 years old or older, or if you are otherwise unable to agree to these Terms;
    make copies, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any derivative works based on the Services, including any files, tables or documentation (or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied in the Platform or any derivative works thereof unless any such activities are expressly authorised by us in advance;
    distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or any derivative works thereof;
    market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or charge, or use the Platform to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation unless such activities are expressly authorised by us in advance; 
    use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
    interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt the Platform, our Website or any networks connected to the Services, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services;
    incorporate the Platform or any portion thereof into any other program or product and, in such case, we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Services at our sole discretion;
    use any automated system or software, whether operated by a third party or otherwise, to extract any data from the Service for commercial purposes (“screen scraping”);
    impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent you or your affiliation with any person or entity, including giving the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise make available emanates from the Services;
    intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
    use or attempt to use another’s account, service or system without authorisation from TikTok, or create a false identity on the Services;
    use the Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest for you or us or that undermine the purposes of the Services, such as trading reviews with other users or writing or soliciting shill reviews;
    use the Services to either intentionally, recklessly or negligently upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available: 
        any material which does or may infringe applicable laws or which infringes someone else’s rights; 
        any viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful; 
        any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, “junk mail”, “spam”, “chain letters”, “pyramid schemes”, or any other prohibited form of solicitation; 
        any material which does or may infringe any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property of any other person;
        any material which infringes privacy or personality rights of any other person or deceased person; 
        any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory; 
        any material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or self-harm; 
        any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people; 
        any material that contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence; 
        any material that is racist or discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone’s race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality; 
        any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly licensed or otherwise qualified to provide; 
        any material that, in the sole judgment of TikTok, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or which may expose TikTok, the Services or its users to any harm or liability of any type.

In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our Community Guidelines.

We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to permanently or temporarily remove or suspend access to content if in our sole opinion the content violates or potentially violates these Terms or our Community Guidelines, third party rights (including intellectual property rights), applicable laws or regulations or is otherwise harmful to the Services, our users or third-parties. 
8. Intellectual Property Rights

We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of the Services, you agree not to infringe intellectual property rights of any person while using the Services. For example, you agree not to upload any content that is the property of someone else to the Services. 
9. Content

TikTok Content

    As between you and TikTok, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music on and “look and feel” of the Services, the Platform and the App, and all intellectual property rights related thereto (the “TikTok Content”), are either owned or licensed by TikTok, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content (as defined below) you upload or transmit through the Services. Use by you of the TikTok Content or other materials available as part of the Services for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content and materials may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever without our or, where applicable, our licensors’ prior express written consent. We and our licensors reserve absolutely and unconditionally all rights arising out of or in connection with the Services and the TikTok Content not expressly granted in and to such content and materials.
    You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and gifts and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content (defined below) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service (including, without limitation, YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or any other social media platform) to the extent that such User Content has been in any way edited or otherwise altered through the Services (including through the use of TikTok Elements (as defined below)). 
    Subject to these Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the TikTok Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. TikTok reserves absolutely and unconditionally all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the TikTok Content. You acknowledge and agree that upon any termination of your account or these Terms, this license granted to you in respect of the Services will automatically terminate.
    NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED TO YOU UNDER THESE TERMS WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS (AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN) THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICES.
    You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on the Services.
    We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any TikTok Content (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where the Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no visibility or control over the contents on or available through those sites or resources and you acknowledge and agree that we have no liability for any such content. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain on or through them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Platform (including User Content).

User-Generated Content

    Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs, user videos, sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein (including videos that incorporate locally stored sound recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise) uploaded to, or otherwise made available through, the Services (“User Content”). You acknowledge and agree that users of the Services may also extract all or any portion of User Content uploaded or otherwise made available by you through the Services so as to produce additional User Content, including collaborative User Content with other users that combine and intersperse with User Content generated by you and other users. 
    Users of the Services may also overlay music, graphics, stickers, Virtual Items (as defined and further explained in the Virtual Items Policy) and other elements provided bv TikTok (“TikTok Elements”) onto User Content and transmit this User Content through the Services. The information and materials in the User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on the Services (including through use of the virtual gifts) do not represent our views or values.
    Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services (including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter), or to make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at Section 7 above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out in this Section 9 above. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
    Any User Content will be considered non-confidential. You must not post any User Content on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary to any other person. When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you have received all necessary permissions (including any necessary licenses), clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit such User Content to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party platforms, and/or to otherwise make any use of such User Content on or through the Services.
    If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not upload or otherwise make available such sound recordings through the Services unless you have all permissions (including any necessary licenses), clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services .
    Except as expressly provided otherwise in these Terms, you or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright and any other intellectual property rights in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant (i) to us and our affiliates, agents, services providers, partners and other connected third parties an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable (including sub-licensable), perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise others users of the Services and other third-parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented; (ii) to other users of the Services an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, download, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute some or all of your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented for the purpose of generating other User Content or viewing your User Content for entertainment or other private, non-commercial purposes.
    You further grant us and our affiliates, agents, services providers, partners and other connected third parties a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content.
    For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to you or any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner (e.g. a record label), a musical work copyright owner (e.g. a music publisher), a performing rights organisation (e.g. ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a “PRO”), a sound recording PRO (e.g. SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants that may be involved (either knowingly or otherwise) in the creation of User Content.

Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists. If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through these Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO’s reporting obligations and any other terms of that PRO applicable to you. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in these Terms in your User Content or have such music publisher enter into these Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work (e.g. wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in these Terms. If you are a recording artist under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label.

Through-To-The-Audience Rights. All of the rights you grant in your User Content in these Terms are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third party services will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party arising out of or in connection with such availability of your User Content through such third party services.

Waiver of Rights to User Content. By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive (to the extent permitted by applicable law) any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. You hereby waive (to the extent permitted by applicable law) and agree never to assert any and all moral rights you may have in or with respect of any of the User Content you upload or otherwise make available through the Services, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any such moral rights.

You acknowledge and agree that in certain circumstances, we also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.

We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish your content at our or their sole discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Platform if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at Section 7 (Your Use of Our Services) above. In addition, we have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content.

You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the Services or only available to people you approve. To change the default access setting for how your User Content is made available to other users, you should access the privacy setting available within the Services and follow the simple and clearly delineated steps set out therein.

We accept no liability in respect of any content or information submitted by users of the Services and published by us, or on our behalf, on any of the Services or elsewhere by third parties.

If you find inappropriate content that violates our Community Guidelines or have any other issues you'd like to raise, you can send us a report. 

While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively “Feedback”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply, so that the status of such Feedback is clearly understood by you and us. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us, you agree that:

    we have no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;
    Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
    you irrevocably grant us an unconditional, non-exclusive, royalty free, fully transferable (including sub-licensable), perpetual worldwide and unlimited license to adapt, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.

10. Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless TikTok, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, damages, losses and expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses) arising out of or in connection with any breach by you (or any user of your account for any of the Services) of these Terms, including but not limited to a breach of your obligations, representation and warranties.
11. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU: (I) CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE; AND (II) ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM. IN PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:

    YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;
    YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR;
    ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE OR FREE FROM ERROR; AND
    DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.

TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, NO CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, STATEMENTS OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.

    SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), UNDER ANY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR THE PROVISION OR RECEIPT OF THE SERVICES FOR : (I) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (II) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL; (III) ANY LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY; (IV) ANY LOSS OF DATA; (V) ANY LOSS OF BUSINESS; (VI) ANY BUSINESS INTERRUPTION; (VII) ANY LOSS OF BUSINESS REPUTATION; OR (VIII) ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OF WHATEVER NATURE. 
    SUBJECT TO THE FIRST PARAGRAPH OF THIS SECTION 12, OUR TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), UNDER ANY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS AND THE PROVISION AND RECEIPT OF THE SERVICES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE HIGHER OF: (I) THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO TIKTOK WITHIN THE 12 MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING YOUR CLAIM AGAINST TIKTOK; OR (II) € 100.00. 
    YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT SUBJECT TO THE FIRST PARAGRAPH OF THIS SECTION 12, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), UNDER ANY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY LIABILITY, LOSS, EXPENSE (INCLUDING LEGAL FEES), COST CLAIM OR DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH: ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY YOU ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE ADVERTISING APPEARS ON THE SERVICES; ANY CHANGES WHICH WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES); THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES; YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION; OR YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ONLY PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES UNLESS WE HAVE GRANTED EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT.  

IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT THAT WE HAVE SUPPLIED DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT BELONGING TO YOU AND THIS IS CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, WE WILL EITHER REPAIR THE DAMAGE (IN WHICH CASE YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLYING WITH OUR DIRECTIONS IN RELATION TO THE DELIVERY OF THE DEVICE TO US OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS) OR PAY YOU REASONABLE COMPENSATION. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE OR FOR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOU FAILING TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO HAVE IN PLACE THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ADVISED BY US.

THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.

YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT-MESSAGING AND DATA CHARGES. IF YOU’RE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING THE SERVICE. 
13. Other Terms


    Governing Law and Jurisdiction. 
        Residents of the EEA and Switzerland. These Terms and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with their subject matter, are governed by the laws of Ireland subject only to any applicable mandatory law in the country in which you reside. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods as well as any other similar law, regulation or statute in effect in any other jurisdiction shall not apply. You and TikTok agree that the Irish courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with the Terms or their subject matter or formation subject only to any applicable mandatory law in the country in which you reside or choice of jurisdiction provisions that cannot be varied by contract. Alternatively, you may raise the dispute with an alternative dispute resolution body via the EU Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform.
        Residents of the United Kingdom.  These Terms and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with their subject matter, are governed by the laws of England and Wales. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods as well as any other similar law, regulation or statute in effect in any other jurisdiction shall not apply. You and TikTok agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with the Terms or their subject matter or formation. Alternatively, you may raise the dispute with an alternative dispute resolution body via the EU Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform.


    Open Source. The Apps contain certain open source software. Each item of open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms, which can be found in our Open Source Policy.
    Entire Agreement. These Terms (including the Supplemental Terms below) constitute the whole legal agreement between you and TikTok and replace any prior applicable Terms and Conditions that governed the service prior to the Last Updated date specified above.
    No Waiver. Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms (or to exercise any other right or remedy under these Terms) shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right under these Terms nor shall it prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
    Security. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our Platform. You should use your own virus protection software. 
    Severability. If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, illegal or unenforceable then that provision shall be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.

    Questions? Contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. 

    Consequences of termination. In the event of the termination of the legally binding agreement between you and us, the following provisions of the Terms shall survive termination: 
        Our right to use and disclose Feedback as described in Section 9
        Other users’ rights to further re-share User Content and any other information you shared through the Services to the extent you did so prior to termination
        Any amounts owed by you to TikTok
        Sections 10, 11, 12 and 13. 

Supplemental Terms – App Stores

To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply: 

Notice regarding Apple. By accessing the Platform through a device made by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

    These Terms are between TikTok and you; Apple is not a party to these Terms.
    The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install the Platform on the Apple device(s) authorised by Apple that you own or control for personal, non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of Services.
    Apple is not responsible for the Platform or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform.
    In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Platform, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.
    Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Platform or your possession or use of the Platform, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
    In the event of any third party claim that the Platform or your possession and use of the Platform infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim.
    You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
    Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
    TikTok expressly authorises use of the Platform by multiple users through the Family Sharing or any similar functionality provided by Apple.

Windows Phone Store. By downloading the Platform from the Windows Phone Store (or its successors) operated by Microsoft, Inc. or its affiliates, you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

    You may install and use one copy of the Platform on up to five (5) Windows Phone enabled devices that are affiliated with the Microsoft account you use to access the Windows Phone Store. Beyond that, we reserve the right to apply additional conditions or charge additional fees.
    You acknowledge that Microsoft Corporation, your phone manufacturer and network operator have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Platform.

Amazon Appstore. By downloading the Platform from the Amazon Appstore (or its successors) operated by Amazon Digital Services, Inc. or affiliates (“Amazon”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

    to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Amazon Appstore Terms of Use or such other terms which Amazon designates as default end user license terms for the Amazon Appstore (“Amazon Appstore EULA Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from the Amazon Appstore, and
    Amazon does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by TikTok or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms.

Google Play. By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates (“Google”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that: 

    to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play (all of which together are referred to as the “Google Play Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from Google Play, and
    you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by TikTok or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms.

Additional languages (please also see the language settings for other available languages)

    Bulgarian: Условия за ползване
    Croatian: Uvjeti pružanja usluge
    Danish: Brugsvilkår
    Estonian: Teenuse tingimused
    Latvian: Pakalpojumu sniegšanas noteikumi
    Lithuanian: Paslaugų teikimo sąlygos
    Norwegian: Tjenestevilkår





https://policies.tinder.com/terms/intl/en

TERMS OF USE

Last revised on 08/01/2020

Key change in this version: we’ve updated our legal name to MG Japan Services GK for members who live in Japan.

For a summary of our Terms of Use, go to Summary of Terms.

Welcome to Tinder. If you live in the European Union, these Terms of Use are between you and:

MTCH Technology Services Limited ("MTCH Technology")
WeWork Charlemont Exchange
Charlemont Street
Dublin 2 D02 VN88
Ireland

If you live in Japan, these Terms of Use apply between you and:

MG Japan Services GK (“MG Japan”) 4F Sumitomo Fudosan Azabu Bldg 1-4-1 Mita Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0073 Japan

If you live outside the European Union and Japan, these Terms of Use apply between you and:

Match Group, LLC ("Match Group")
8750 North Central Expressway, Suite 1400
Dallas, TX 75231, USA

The terms (“us”, “we”, the “Company” or “Tinder”) refer to MTCH Technology, MG Japan or Match Group based on your country of residence.

1. Acceptance of Terms of Use Agreement.

By creating a Tinder account, whether through a mobile device, mobile application or computer (collectively, the “Service”) you agree to be bound by (i) these Terms of Use, (ii) our Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, Arbitration Procedures (if applicable to you) and Safety Tips, each of which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement, and (iii) any terms disclosed and agreed to by you if you purchase additional features, products or services we offer on the Service (collectively, this "Agreement"). If you do not accept and agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement, please do not use the Service.

We may make changes to this Agreement and to the Service from time to time. We may do this for a variety of reasons including to reflect changes in or requirements of the law, new features, or changes in business practices. The most recent version of this Agreement will be posted on the Service under Settings and also on gotinder.com, and you should regularly check for the most recent version. The most recent version is the version that applies. If the changes include material changes that affect your rights or obligations, we will notify you in advance of the changes by reasonable means, which could include notification through the Service or via email. If you continue to use the Service after the changes become effective, then you agree to the revised Agreement.

2. Eligibility.

You must be at least 18 years of age to create an account on Tinder and use the Service. By creating an account and using the Service, you represent and warrant that:

    you can form a binding contract with Tinder,
    you are not a person who is barred from using the Service under the laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction–meaning that you do not appear on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or face any other similar prohibition,
    you will comply with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations, and
    you have never been convicted of a felony or indictable offense (or crime of similar severity), a sex crime, or any crime involving violence, and that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any state, federal or local sex offender registry.

3. Your Account.

In order to use Tinder, you may sign in using your Facebook login.  If you do so, you authorize us to access and use certain Facebook account information, including but not limited to your public Facebook profile. For more information regarding the information we collect from you and how we use it, please consult our Privacy Policy.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials you use to sign up for Tinder, and you are solely responsible for all activities that occur under those credentials. If you think someone has gained access to your account, please immediately contact us.

4. Modifying the Service and Termination.

Tinder is always striving to improve the Service and bring you additional functionality that you will find engaging and useful. This means we may add new product features or enhancements from time to time as well as remove some features, and if these actions do not materially affect your rights or obligations, we may not provide you with notice before taking them. We may even suspend the Service entirely, in which event we will notify you in advance unless extenuating circumstances, such as safety or security concerns, prevent us from doing so.

You may terminate your account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions in "Settings" in the Service, however if you use a third party payment account, you will need to manage in app purchases through such account (e.g., iTunes, Google Play) to avoid additional billing. Tinder may terminate your account at any time without notice if it believes that you have violated this Agreement. Upon such termination, you will not be entitled to any refund for purchases. After your account is terminated, this Agreement will terminate, except that the following provisions will still apply to you and Tinder: Section 4, Section 5, and Sections 12 through 19.

5. Safety; Your Interactions with Other Members.

Though Tinder strives to encourage a respectful member experience through features like the double opt-in that allows members to communicate only after they have both indicated interest in one another, it is not responsible for the conduct of any member on or off of the Service. You agree to use caution in all interactions with other members, particularly if you decide to communicate off the Service or meet in person. In addition, you agree to review and follow Tinder’s Safety Tips prior to using the Service. You agree that you will not provide your financial information (for example, your credit card or bank account information), or wire or otherwise send money, to other members.

YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER MEMBERS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT TINDER DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON ITS MEMBERS OR OTHERWISE INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ITS MEMBERS. TINDER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF MEMBERS.

6. Rights Tinder Grants You.

Tinder grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, nonexclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Service. This license is for the sole purpose of letting you use and enjoy the Service’s benefits as intended by Tinder and permitted by this Agreement. Therefore, you agree not to:

    use the Service or any content contained in the Service for any commercial purposes without our written consent.
    copy, modify, transmit, create any derivative works from, make use of, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, images, trademarks, trade names, service marks, or other intellectual property, content or proprietary information accessible through the Service without Tinder’s prior written consent.
    express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Tinder.
    use any robot, bot, spider, crawler, scraper, site search/retrieval application, proxy or other manual or automatic device, method or process to access, retrieve, index, "data mine", or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or its contents.
    use the Service in any way that could interfere with, disrupt or negatively affect the Service or the servers or networks connected to the Service.
    upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Service.
    forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted to or through the Service.
    "frame" or "mirror" any part of the Service without Tinder’s prior written authorization.
    use meta tags or code or other devices containing any reference to Tinder or the Service (or any trademark, trade name, service mark, logo or slogan of Tinder) to direct any person to any other website for any purpose.
    modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile or otherwise disassemble any portion of the Service, or cause others to do so.
    use or develop any third-party applications that interact with the Service or other members' Content or information without our written consent.
    use, access, or publish the Tinder application programming interface without our written consent.
    probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our Service or any system or network.
    encourage or promote any activity that violates this Agreement.

The Company may investigate and take any available legal action in response to illegal and/ or unauthorized uses of the Service, including termination of your account.

Any software that we provide you may automatically download and install upgrades, updates, or other new features. You may be able to adjust these automatic downloads through your device's settings.

7. Rights you Grant Tinder.

By creating an account, you grant to Tinder a worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, right and license to host, store, use, copy, display, reproduce, adapt, edit, publish, modify and distribute information you authorize us to access from Facebook, as well as any information you post, upload, display or otherwise make available (collectively, "post") on the Service or transmit to other members (collectively, "Content"). Tinder's license to your Content shall be non-exclusive, except that Tinder's license shall be exclusive with respect to derivative works created through use of the Service. For example, Tinder would have an exclusive license to screenshots of the Service that include your Content. In addition, so that Tinder can prevent the use of your Content outside of the Service, you authorize Tinder to act on your behalf with respect to infringing uses of your Content taken from the Service by other members or third parties. This expressly includes the authority, but not the obligation, to send notices pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) (i.e., DMCA Takedown Notices) on your behalf if your Content is taken and used by third parties outside of the Service. Our license to your Content is subject to your rights under applicable law (for example laws regarding personal data protection to the extent any Content contains personal information as defined by those laws) and is for the limited purpose of operating, developing, providing, and improving the Service and researching and developing new ones. You agree that any Content you place or that you authorize us to place on the Service may be viewed by other members and may be viewed by any person visiting or participating in the Service (such as individuals who may receive shared Content from other Tinder members).

You agree that all information that you submit upon creation of your account, including information submitted from your Facebook account, is accurate and truthful and you have the right to post the Content on the Service and grant the license to Tinder above.

You understand and agree that we may monitor or review any Content you post as part of a Service. We may delete any Content, in whole or in part, that in our sole judgment violates this Agreement or may harm the reputation of the Service.

When communicating with our customer care representatives, you agree to be respectful and kind. If we feel that your behavior towards any of our customer care representatives or other employees is at any time threatening or offensive, we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account.

In consideration for Tinder allowing you to use the Service, you agree that we, our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertising on the Service. By submitting suggestions or feedback to Tinder regarding our Service, you agree that Tinder may use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensating you.

Please be informed that Tinder may access, store and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law, by performing its agreement with you, or in a good faith belief that such access, storage or disclosure satisfies a legitimate interest, including to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce the Agreement; (iii) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company or any other person.

8. Community Rules.

By using the Service, you agree that you will not:

    use the Service for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by this Agreement.
    use the Service for any harmful or nefarious purpose
    use the Service in order to damage Tinder
    violate our Community Guidelines, as updated from time to time.
    spam, solicit money from or defraud any members.
    impersonate any person or entity or post any images of another person without his or her permission.
    bully, "stalk", intimidate, assault, harass, mistreat or defame any person.
    post any Content that violates or infringes anyone's rights, including rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or contract right.
    post any Content that is hate speech, threatening, sexually explicit or pornographic.
    post any Content that incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
    post any Content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.
    solicit passwords for any purpose, or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other members or disseminate another person's personal information without his or her permission.
    use another member's account, share an account with another member, or maintain more than one account.
    create another account if we have already terminated your account, unless you have our permission.

Tinder reserves the right to investigate and/ or terminate your account without a refund of any purchases if you have violated this Agreement, misused the Service or behaved in a way that Tinder regards as inappropriate or unlawful, including actions or communications that occur on or off the Service.

9. Other Members' Content.

Although Tinder reserves the right to review and remove Content that violates this Agreement, such Content is the sole responsibility of the member who posts it, and Tinder cannot guarantee that all Content will comply with this Agreement. If you see Content on the Service that violates this Agreement, please report it within the Service or via our contact form.

10. Purchases.

Generally. From time to time, Tinder may offer products and services for purchase ("in app purchases") through iTunes, Google Play, carrier billing, Tinder direct billing or other payment platforms authorized by Tinder. If you choose to make an in app purchase, you will be prompted to confirm your purchase with the applicable payment provider, and your method of payment (be it your card or a third party account such as Google Play or iTunes) (your "Payment Method") will be charged for the in app purchase at the prices displayed to you for the service(s) you've selected as well as any sales or similar taxes that may be imposed on your payments, and you authorize Tinder or the third party account, as applicable, to charge you. If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription through an in app purchase, your Payment Method will continue to be billed for the subscription until you cancel. After your initial subscription commitment period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically continue for an additional equivalent period, at the price you agreed to when subscribing.

Auto-Renewal; Automatic Card Payment

Subscriptions are automatically renewed until you terminate or cancel the subscription. When you purchase a subscription, your Payment Method will continue to be billed monthly in advance within 24 hours of the date of the initial purchase at the price you agreed to when initially subscribing. Your card payment information will be stored and subsequently used for the automatic card payments in accordance with the Agreement.

Objections to a payment already made should be directed to Customer support if you were billed directly by Tinder or the relevant third party account such as iTunes. You are also be able to object by contacting your bank or payment provider, who can provide further information on your rights as well as applicable time limits.

You may unconditionally withdraw your consent to automatic card payments at any time by going to Settings on Tinder or the relevant third party account, but be advised that you are still obligated to pay any outstanding amounts.

If you want to change or terminate your subscription, you will need to log in to your third party account (or Settings on Tinder) and follow instructions to terminate or cancel your subscription, even if you have otherwise deleted your account with us or if you have deleted the Tinder application from your device. Deleting your account on Tinder or deleting the Tinder application from your device does not terminate or cancel your subscription; Tinder will retain all funds charged to your Payment Method until you terminate or cancel your subscription on Tinder or the third party account, as applicable. If you terminate or cancel your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term, and your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires.

Additional Terms that apply if you pay Tinder directly with your Payment Method. If you pay Tinder directly, Tinder may correct any billing errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment. If you initiate a chargeback or otherwise reverse a payment made with your Payment Method, Tinder may terminate your account immediately in its sole discretion.

You may edit your Payment Method information by visiting Tinder and going to Settings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your Payment Method information, terminate or cancel your subscription, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates. In addition, you authorize us to obtain updated or replacement expiration dates and card numbers for your credit or debit card as provided by your credit or debit card issuer. The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, credit card issuer or other provider of your chosen Payment Method. If you reside outside of the Americas, you agree that your payment to Tinder will be through MTCH Technology Services Limited.

Super Likes and Other Virtual Items. From time to time, you may be able to purchase a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use "virtual items", including but not limited to Super Likes (collectively, "Virtual Items"). Any Virtual Item balance shown in your account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of your license. Virtual Items do not incur fees for non-use, however, the license granted to you in Virtual Items will terminate in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, when Tinder ceases providing the Service or your account is otherwise closed or terminated. Tinder, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to charge fees for the right to access or use Virtual Items and/ or may distribute Virtual Items with or without charge. Tinder may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items at any time. Tinder shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Tinder exercises any such rights. Virtual Items may only be redeemed through the Service. ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS MADE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. The provision of Virtual Items for use in the Service is a service that commences immediately upon the acceptance of your purchase of such Virtual Items. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT TINDER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND IN RESPECT OF VIRTUAL ITEMS FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.

Refunds. Generally, all charges for purchases are nonrefundable, and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. We may make an exception if a refund for a subscription offering is requested within fourteen days of the transaction date, or if the laws applicable in your jurisdiction provide for refunds.

For subscribers residing in the EU or European Economic Area, in accordance with local law, you are entitled to a full refund without stating the reason during the 14 days after the subscription begins. Please note that this 14-day period commences when the subscription starts.

Purchases of Virtual Items are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.

To request a refund:
If you subscribed using your Apple ID, refunds are handled by Apple, not Tinder. To request a refund, go to iTunes, click on your Apple ID, select "Purchase history", find the transaction and hit "Report Problem". You can also submit a request at https://getsupport.apple.com.

If you subscribed using your Google Play Store account or through Tinder directly: please contact customer support with your order number for the Google Play Store (you can find the order number in the order confirmation email or by logging in to Google Wallet) or Tinder (you can find this on your confirmation email). You may also mail or deliver a signed and dated notice which states that you, the buyer, are canceling this agreement, or words of similar effect. Please also include the email address or mobile number associated with your account along with your order number. This notice shall be sent to: Tinder, Attn: Cancellations, P.O. Box 25472, Dallas, Texas 75225, USA.

If you use your right of cancellation (except for purchases made through your Apple ID, which Apple controls), we will refund (or ask Google to refund) all payments received from you, without undue delay and in any case within 14 days of the date when we received notice of your decision to cancel the Agreement. We shall make such refund using the same means of payment as used by you in the initial transaction. In any case, no fees will be charged to you as a result of the refund.

You cannot cancel an order for delivery of digital content that is not delivered on a physical medium if order processing has begun with your explicit prior consent and acknowledgement that you will thereby lose your right of cancellation. This applies, e.g., to purchases of Virtual Items. That means that such purchases are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.

Pricing. Tinder operates a global business and provides services to a diverse community of members. Our pricing structure may vary by region, length of subscription, bundle size, recent in-app promotions and other factors. We frequently test new features and price points to provide members with increased functionality and payment options should they choose to use them.

11. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement.

If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information:

    an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
    a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
    a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service (and such description must be reasonably sufficient to enable us to find the alleged infringing material);
    your contact information, including address, telephone number and email address;
    a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
    a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Notice of claims of copyright infringement should be provided to the Company's Copyright Agent via email to copyright@match.com, by phone to (+1) 214-576-3272 or via mail to the following address:

Copyright Compliance Department c/o Match Group Legal 8750 N. Central Expressway, Suite 1400 Dallas, Texas 75231

Tinder will terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.

12. Disclaimers.

TINDER PROVIDES THE SERVICE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GRANTS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE (INCLUDING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. TINDER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE, (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (C) THAT ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU OBTAIN ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE.

TINDER TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU OR ANOTHER MEMBER OR THIRD PARTY POSTS, SENDS OR RECEIVES THROUGH THE SERVICE. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.

13. Third Party Services.

The Service may contain advertisements and promotions offered by third parties and links to other web sites or resources. Tinder is not responsible for the availability (or lack of availability) of such external websites or resources. If you choose to interact with the third parties made available through our Service, such party's terms will govern their relationship with you. Tinder is not responsible or liable for such third parties' terms or actions.

14. Limitation of Liability.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL TINDER, ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM: (I) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE, (II) THE CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF OTHER MEMBERS OR THIRD PARTIES ON, THROUGH, OR FOLLOWING USE OF THE SERVICE; OR (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT, EVEN IF TINDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL TINDER’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO TINDER FOR THE SERVICE AND USD100 WHILE YOU HAVE AN ACCOUNT.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

15. Arbitration, Class-Action Waiver, and Jury Waiver.

Except for members residing within the EU or European Economic Area and elsewhere where prohibited by applicable law:

    The exclusive means of resolving any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including any alleged breach thereof) or the Service shall be BINDING ARBITRATION administered by JAMS under the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures, except as modified by our Arbitration Procedures. The one exception to the exclusivity of arbitration is that either party has the right to bring an individual claim against the other in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction, or, if filed in arbitration, the responding party may request that the dispute proceed in small claims court instead if the claim is within the jurisdiction of the small claims court. If the request to proceed in small claims court is made before an arbitrator has been appointed, the arbitration shall be administratively closed. If the request to proceed in small claims court is made after an arbitrator has been appointed, the arbitrator shall determine whether the dispute should remain in arbitration or instead be decided in small claims court. Such arbitration shall be conducted by written submissions only, unless either you or Tinder elect to invoke the right to an oral hearing before the Arbitrator. But whether you choose arbitration or small claims court, you agree that you will not under any circumstances commence, or maintain, or participate in against the Company any class action, class arbitration, or other representative action or proceeding against Tinder.
    By using the Service in any manner, you agree to the above arbitration agreement. In doing so, YOU GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend any claims between you and the Company (except for matters that may be taken to small-claims court). YOU ALSO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR OTHER CLASS PROCEEDING. If you assert a claim against Tinder outside of small claims court (and Tinder does not request that the claim be moved to small claims court), your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR, NOT A JUDGE OR JURY, and the arbitrator shall determine all claims and all issues regarding the arbitrability of the dispute. You are entitled to a fair hearing before the arbitrator. The arbitrator can generally grant any relief that a court can, including the ability to hear a dispositive motion (which may include a dispositive motion based upon the parties’ pleadings, as well as a dispositive motion based upon the parties’ pleadings along with the evidence submitted), but you should note that arbitration proceedings are usually simpler and more streamlined than trials and other judicial proceedings. Decisions by the arbitrator are enforceable in court and may be overturned by a court only for very limited reasons. For details on the arbitration process, see our Arbitration Procedures.
    Any proceeding to enforce this arbitration agreement, including any proceeding to confirm, modify, or vacate an arbitration award, may be commenced in any court of competent jurisdiction. In the event that this arbitration agreement is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against the Company (except for small-claims court actions) may be commenced only in the federal or state courts located in Dallas County, Texas. You hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes.
    The online dispute settlement platform of the European Commission is available under http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Tinder does not take part in dispute settlement procedures in front of a consumer arbitration entity for members residing in the EU or European Economic Area.

16. Governing Law.

For members residing in the EU or European Economic Area or elsewhere where our arbitration agreement is prohibited by law, the laws of Texas, U.S.A., excluding Texas’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Arbitration Agreement in Section 15 above shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the choice of Texas governing law shall not supersede any mandatory consumer protection legislation in such jurisdictions.

17. Venue.

Except for members residing in the EU or European Economic Area who may bring claims in their country of residence in accordance with applicable law and except for claims that may be properly brought in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction, all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, to the Service, or to your relationship with Tinder that for whatever reason are not submitted to arbitration will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Dallas County, Texas, U.S.A. You and Tinder consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of courts in the State of Texas and waive any claim that such courts constitute an inconvenient forum.

18. Indemnity by You.

You agree, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tinder, our affiliates, and their and our respective officers, directors, agents, and employees from and against any and all complaints, demands, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses, including attorney’s fees due to, arising out of, or relating in any way to your access to or use of the Service, your Content, or your breach of this Agreement.

19. Entire Agreement; Other.

This Agreement, along with the Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, the Safety Tips, the Arbitration Procedures (if applicable to you), and any terms disclosed and agreed to by you if you purchase additional features, products or services we offer on the Service, contains the entire agreement between you and Tinder regarding the use of the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. You agree that your Tinder account is non-transferable and all of your rights to your account and its Content terminate upon your death. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or other special relationship or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you may not make any representations on behalf of or bind Tinder in any manner.

Terms of Use

Welcome to the TripAdvisor website or mobile properties, including related applications (collectively, this "Website"). This Website is provided solely to assist customers in gathering travel information, posting opinions of travel related issues, engaging in interactive travel forums, and searching for and booking travel reservations, and for no other purposes. The terms "we", "us", "our" and "TripAdvisor" refer to TripAdvisor LLC, and our corporate affiliates and websites (collectively, "TripAdvisor"). The term "you" refers to the customer visiting the Website and/or contributing content on this Website.

This Website is offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of any/all the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, the "Agreement"). By accessing or using this Website in any manner, you agree to be bound by the Agreement and represent that you have read and understood its terms. Please read the Agreement carefully, as it contains information concerning your legal rights and limitations on these rights, as well as a section regarding applicable law and jurisdiction of disputes. If you do not accept all of these terms and conditions you are not authorized to use this Website.

We may change or otherwise modify the Agreement in the future in accordance with the Terms and Conditions herein, and you understand and agree that your continued access or use of this Website after such change signifies your acceptance of the updated or modified Agreement. We will note the date that revisions were last made to the Agreement at the bottom of this page, and any revisions will take effect upon posting. We will notify our members of material changes to these terms and conditions by either sending a notice to the email address provided to us at registration or by placing a notice on our Website. Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the Agreement.

USE OF THE WEBSITE

As a condition of your use of this Website, you warrant that (i) all information supplied by you on this Website is true, accurate, current and complete, (ii) if you have a TripAdvisor account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by anyone other than you, (iii) you are 13 years of age or older in order to register for an account and contribute to our Website and (iv) you possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement and to use this Website in accordance with all terms and conditions herein.

TripAdvisor does not knowingly collect the information of anyone under the age of 13. We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to this Website and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of this Agreement.

Copying, transmission, reproduction, replication, posting or redistribution of the Website Content or any portion thereof is strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of TripAdvisor. To request permission, you may contact TripAdvisor as follows:

Director, Partnerships and Business Development
TripAdvisor LLC
400 1st Avenue
Needham, MA 02494, USA

Users of the Website will not incur any charges for using the Website in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Website contains links to third-party websites which are operated and owned by independent service providers or retailers. Such third-parties may charge a fee for use of certain content or services provided on the website. Therefore, you should make whatever investigation you feel is necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third party to determine whether a charge will be incurred. Where TripAdvisor provides details of charges on the Website, such information is provided for convenience and information purposes only. TripAdvisor in no way guarantees that this information is correct nor is it in anyway responsible for content or services provided on such third party websites.

PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

The content and information on this Website (including, but not limited to, messages, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, video, maps, icons, software, code or other material), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to us. You agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Website. Additionally, you agree not to:

(i) use this Website or its contents for any commercial purpose;
(ii) access, monitor or copy any content or information of this Website using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
(iii) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Website;
(iv) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
(v) deep-link to any portion of this Website for any purpose without our express written permission;
(vi) "frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of this Website into any other website without our prior written authorization; or
(vii) attempt to modify, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any software programs used by TripAdvisor in connection with the Website or the services.
PRIVACY POLICY AND DISCLOSURES

TripAdvisor believes in protecting your privacy. Any personal information you post on the Website will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Click here to view our Privacy Policy.

REVIEWS, COMMENTS AND USE OF OTHER INTERACTIVE AREAS

We appreciate hearing from you. Please be aware that by submitting content to this Website by email, postings on this Website or otherwise, including any hotel reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like contained in any submissions (collectively, "Submissions"), you grant TripAdvisor and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and perform such Submissions throughout the world in any media, now known or hereafter devised, for any purpose; and (b) use the name that you submit in connection with such Submission. You acknowledge that TripAdvisor may choose to provide attribution of your comments or reviews at our discretion. You further grant TripAdvisor the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or TripAdvisor's rights in the Submissions by a breach of this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that Submissions are non-confidential and non-proprietary.

TripAdvisor does not edit or control the User Messages posted to or distributed on this Website including through any chat rooms, bulletin boards or other communications forums, and will not be in any way responsible or liable for such User Messages. TripAdvisor nevertheless reserves the right for any reason in its sole discretion to remove without notice any User Messages and/or Site Content.

This Website may contain discussion forums, bulletin boards, review services or other forums in which you or third parties may post reviews of travel experiences or other content, messages, materials or other items on this Website ("Interactive Areas"). If TripAdvisor provides such Interactive Areas, you are solely responsible for your use of such Interactive Areas and use them at your own risk. By using any Interactive Areas, you expressly agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through this Website any of the following:

Any message, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, code or any other material ("Content") that is false, unlawful, misleading, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, or advocates harassment of another person, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
Content that is patently offensive to the online community, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
Content that would constitute, encourage, promote or provide instructions for a conduct of an illegal activity, criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate the rights of any party in any country of the world, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any rules of any of securities exchange , including but not limited to, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the NASDAQ, or the London Stock Exchange;
Content that provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. In particular, content that promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity, including TripAdvisor;
Unsolicited promotions, mass mailings or "spamming", transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters", political campaigning, advertising, contests, raffles, or solicitations;
Content containing commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes;
Private information of any third party, including, without limitation, surname (family name) addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers;
Contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files;
Content that is unrelated to the topic of the Interactive Area(s) in which such Content is posted; or
Content or links to content that, in the sole judgment of TripAdvisor, (a) violates the previous subsections herein, (b) is objectionable, (c) which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas or this Website, or (d) which may expose TripAdvisor or its affiliates or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
TripAdvisor takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is TripAdvisor liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. Although TripAdvisor has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the Content posted to or distributed through any Interactive Area, TripAdvisor reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen, translate or edit without notice any Content posted or stored on this Website at any time and for any reason, or to have such actions performed by third parties on its behalf, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any Content you post or store on this Website at your sole cost and expense.

If it is determined that you retain moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in the Content, you hereby declare that (a) you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the Content, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto; (b) you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion and exploitation of the Content by TripAdvisor or its licensees, successors and assigns; (c) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of the Content; and (d) you forever release TripAdvisor, and its licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against TripAdvisor by virtue of any such moral rights.

Any use of the Interactive Areas or other portions of this Website in violation of the foregoing violates the terms of this Agreement and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Interactive Areas and/or this Website.

BOOKING WITH THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS THROUGH TRIPADVISOR

Use of Instant Booking. TripAdvisor offers you the ability to search for, select, and book travel reservations with third-party suppliers without leaving the TripAdvisor site experience. By booking travel reservations facilitated by Instant Booking, you will become a TripAdvisor member if you are not one already. As a TripAdvisor member, you will be able to post travel reviews, participate in discussion forums, email TripAdvisor content to yourself and to others, access and receive members-only newsletters and travel planning content, and enter surveys, contests, or sweepstakes.

By using Instant Booking, you acknowledge that you accept the practices described in our Privacy Policy and all of these terms and conditions. In addition, you warrant that you are 18 years of age or older, that you possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement and use Instant Booking and this site in accordance with these terms and conditions, and that all information you supply is true and accurate. You further agree that you will use Instant Booking only to make legitimate reservations for you or others for whom you are legally authorized to act. Any false or fraudulent reservation is prohibited, and any user who attempts such a reservation may have his or her TripAdvisor membership terminated. If you have a TripAdvisor account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by anyone other than you.

AS A USER OF THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING INSTANT BOOKING, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: (1) NEITHER TRIPADVISOR NOR ITS AFFILIATES WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR OTHERS FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED TRANSACTIONS MADE USING YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT; AND (2) THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT COULD CAUSE YOU TO INCUR LIABILITY TO BOTH TRIPADVISOR AND OTHER USERS.

When you book a reservation facilitated by Instant Booking, we will collect your payment information and transmit it to the supplier to complete the transaction, as described in our Privacy Policy. Please note that the supplier, not TripAdvisor, processes your payment and fulfills your reservation. TripAdvisor and its affiliates will not interfere with reservations arbitrarily, but we reserve the right to cancel or not process a reservation because of certain extenuating circumstances, such as when a reservation is no longer available or when we have reasonable cause to suspect that a reservation request may be fraudulent. TripAdvisor also reserves the right to take steps to verify your identity to process your reservation.

In the unlikely event that a reservation is available when you place an order but becomes unavailable prior to check-in, your sole remedy will be to contact the supplier to make alternative arrangements or to cancel your reservation.

Third-Party Suppliers. TripAdvisor is not a travel agency and does not provide or own transportation services or accommodations. Although TripAdvisor displays information about properties owned by third-party suppliers and facilitates reservations with certain suppliers on Instant Booking and affiliate sites, such actions do not in any way imply, suggest, or constitute TripAdvisor's sponsorship or approval of third-party suppliers, or any affiliation between TripAdvisor and third-party suppliers. Although TripAdvisor members may rate and review particular properties based on their own experiences, TripAdvisor does not endorse or recommend the products or services of any third-party suppliers. You agree that TripAdvisor is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of information it obtains from third-party suppliers and displays on its sites or apps.

If you book a reservation with a third-party supplier, you agree to review and be bound by the supplier's terms and conditions of purchase and site use (the "Terms of Use"), Privacy Policy, and any other rules or policies related to the supplier's site or property. Your interactions with third-party suppliers are at your own risk. TripAdvisor will have no liability with respect to the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any third-party suppliers or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting from your interactions with third-party suppliers.

This Website may link you to supplier sites or other websites that TripAdvisor does not operate or control. For further information, please refer to the "Links to Third-Party Sites" section below.

Booking Vacation Rentals with Third-Party Suppliers Listed on Affiliate Sites. TripAdvisor and some of its affiliates act as marketplaces to allow travelers to enter into vacation rental agreements or rental transactions with property owners and managers (each, an "Advertiser"). As a user, you must be responsible for your use of this Website, our affiliate sites, and any transaction involving vacation rentals facilitated by Instant Booking and/or listed on affiliate sites. We do not own, manage, or contract for any vacation rental property listed on this Website or our affiliate sites.

Because neither TripAdvisor nor its affiliates are parties to rental transactions between travelers and Advertisers, any dispute or conflict involving an actual or potential transaction between you and an Advertiser, including the quality, condition, safety or legality of a listed property, the accuracy of the listing content, the Advertiser's ability to rent a vacation rental property, or your ability to pay for a vacation rental property, is solely the responsibility of each user. You understand and agree that you may be required to enter into a separate rental agreement with an Advertiser before making a reservation or purchasing a product or service, and such an agreement may place additional restrictions on your reservation, product or service.

Vacation Rental Payment Terms

You agree to pay an Advertiser or a TripAdvisor affiliate acting on behalf of an Advertiser the service fee for any vacation rental reservation in accordance with the Terms of Use on the affiliate site. A TripAdvisor affiliate may act as an Advertiser's limited agent solely for the purpose of transmitting your payment to the Advertiser.

For further information on vacation rental fees, security deposits, payment processing, and cancellations and refunds, please consult the Terms of Use of our affiliate sites. By making a vacation rental reservation facilitated by one of our affiliate sites, you acknowledge and agree to that site's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.

TRAVEL DESTINATIONS

International Travel. When you book international travel reservations with third-party suppliers or plan international trips using this Website, you are responsible for ensuring that you meet all foreign entry requirements and that your travel documents, including passports and visas, are in order.

For passport and visa requirements, please consult the relevant embassy or consulate for information. Because requirements may change at any time, be sure to check for up-to-date information before booking and departure. TripAdvisor accepts no liability for travelers who are refused entry onto a flight or into any country because of the traveler's failure to carry the travel documents required by any airline, authority, or country, including countries the traveler may just be passing through en route to his or her destination.

It is also your responsibility to consult your physician for current recommendations on inoculations before you travel internationally, and to ensure that you meet all health entry requirements and follow all medical guidance related to your trip.

Although most travel, including travel to international destinations, is completed without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve greater risk than others. TripAdvisor urges passengers to investigate and review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements and advisories issued by the UK Government, the European Union (EU) and destination country governments prior to booking travel to international destinations. BY LISTING INFORMATION RELEVANT TO TRAVEL TO PARTICULAR INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, TRIPADVISOR DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO SUCH POINTS IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK, AND IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS.

LIABILITY DISCLAIMER

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. THIS SECTION LIMITS TRIPADVISOR'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ISSUES THAT MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION OR ELSEWHERE IN THE AGREEMENT, PLEASE CONSULT A LAWYER FOR CLARIFICATION BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE.

THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON THIS WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR ERRORS, INCLUDING RESERVATION AVAILABILITY AND PRICING ERRORS. TRIPADVISOR, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND CORPORATE AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY, THE "TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES") DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR, ANY ERRORS OR OTHER INACCURACIES RELATING TO THE INFORMATION AND DESCRIPTION OF THE HOTEL, VACATION RENTAL PROPERTIES, AIR, CRUISE, CAR AND ANY OTHER TRAVEL PRODUCTS DISPLAYED ON THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE PRICING, AVAILABILITY, PHOTOGRAPHS, LIST OF HOTEL OR VACATION RENTAL PROPERTY AMENITIES, GENERAL PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS, REVIEWS AND RATINGS, ETC.). IN ADDITION, TRIPADVISOR EXPRESSLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY AVAILABILITY AND PRICING ERRORS ON OUR WEBSITE AND/OR ON PENDING RESERVATIONS MADE UNDER AN INCORRECT PRICE.

THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE (SITE CONTENT) OR ANY PORTION THEROF FOR ANY PURPOSE, AND THE INCLUSION OR OFFERING OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY ENDORSEMENT OR RECOMMENDATION OF SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BY THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND THAT THIS WEBSITE, ITS SERVERS OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW TRIPADVISOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OR TERMS OF ANY KIND AS TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET POSSESSION AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

TRIPADVISOR ALSO EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, OR OTHER TERM OF ANY KIND AS TO THE ACCURACY OR PROPRIETARY CHARACTER OF THE SITE CONTENT.

NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL EXCLUE OR LIMIT TRIPADVISOR'S LIABILITY FOR (I) DEATH OR PERSONAL INFURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE; (II) FRAUD; (III) FRAUDULENT MISTATEMENT (IV) DELIBERATE BREACH OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE (V) ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

THE THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS PROVIDING HOTEL OR VACATION RENTAL PROPERTY INFORMATION, TRAVEL OR OTHER SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE ARE INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS AND NOT AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES. THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR THE ACTS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, BREACHES OR NEGLIGENCE OF ANY SUCH SUPPLIERS OR FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURIES, DEATH, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR OTHER DAMAGES OR EXPENSES RESULTING THEREFROM. THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES HAVE NO LIABILITY AND WILL MAKE NO REFUND IN THE EVENT OF ANY DELAY, CANCELLATION, OVERBOOKING, STRIKE, FORCE MAJEURE OR OTHER CAUSES BEYOND THEIR DIRECT CONTROL, AND THEY HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ADDITIONAL EXPENSE, OMISSIONS, DELAYS, RE-ROUTING OR ACTS OF ANY GOVERNMENT OR AUTHORITY.

SUBJECT TO THE FOREGOING, YOU USE THIS WEBSITE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES (OR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND AFFILIATES) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSSES OR DAMAGES OR ANY LOSS OF INCOME, PROFITS, GOODWILL, DATA, CONTRACTS, USE OF MONEY, OR LOSS OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR CONNTECTED IN ANY WAY TO BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OF ANY TYPE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, YOUR ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO ACCESS, DISPLAY OR USE THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR RELIANCE UPON REVIEWS AND OPINIONS APPEARING ON THIS WEBSITE; ANY COMPUTER VIRUSES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, LINKED SITES, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE; OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE) WHETHER BASED ON A THEORY OF NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF TRIPADVISOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FOREGOING LIABLITY DISCLAIMER DO NOT AFFECT MANDATORY LEGAL RIGHTS THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

If the TripAdvisor Media Group Companies are found liable for any loss or damage that arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of our sites or services, then the TripAdvisor Media Group Companies' liabilities will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the transaction fees paid to TripAdvisor for the transaction(s) on this Website giving rise to the claim, or (b) One-Hundred Dollars (US $100.00).

The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these terms inure to the benefit of the TripAdvisor Media Group Companies.

INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend and indemnify TripAdvisor and its affiliates and any of their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of:

(i) your breach of this Agreement or the documents referenced herein;
(ii) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or
(iii) your use of this Website.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES

This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than TripAdvisor. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such websites. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from this Website or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. In some cases you may be asked by a third party site to link your profile on TripAdvisor to a profile on another third party site. Choosing to do so is purely optional, and the decision to allow this information to be linked can be disabled (with the third party site) at any time.

SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE

Unless otherwise specified, the materials on the websites are presented solely to provide information regarding and to promote TripAdvisor's services, websites, partners and other products available in the United States, its territories, possessions and protectorates. The TripAdvisor websites are controlled and operated by TripAdvisor from its offices in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States. TripAdvisor makes no representation that materials on the TripAdvisor websites are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Those who choose to access the TripAdvisor website from outside of the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent that local laws are applicable. Software from the TripAdvisor websites is further subject to United States export controls. No software from the TripAdvisor websites may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Sudan, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By using the TripAdvisor websites, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.

Any software that is made available to download from the TripAdvisor websites ("Software") is the copyrighted work of TripAdvisor, or TripAdvisor affiliates, or other third party software as identified. Your use of such Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies, or is included with, the Software ("License Agreement"). You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you first agree to the License Agreement terms. For any Software made available for download on this Website not accompanied by a License Agreement, we hereby grant to you, the user, a limited, personal, nontransferable license to use the Software for viewing and otherwise using this Website in accordance with these terms and conditions and for no other purpose.

Please note that all Software, including, without limitation, all HTML, XML, Java code and Active X controls contained on this Website, is owned by TripAdvisor and/or its affiliates, and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software is expressly prohibited, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES

All contents of this Website are: Ã‚Â©2017 TripAdvisor. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is not responsible for content on websites operated by parties other than TripAdvisor. TRIPADVISOR, the owl logo, the ratings bubbles and all other product or service names or slogans displayed on this Website are registered and/or common law trademarks of TripAdvisor and/or its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of TripAdvisor or the applicable trademark holder. In addition, the look and feel of this Website, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of TripAdvisor and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of TripAdvisor. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in this Website are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by TripAdvisor.

Notice and Take-Down Policy for illegal content

TripAdvisor operates on a "notice and takedown" basis. If you have any complaints or objections to material or content including User Messages posted on this Website, or if you believe that material or content posted on this Website infringes a copyright that you hold, please contact us immediately by following our notice and takedown procedure. Click here to view the Notice and Takedown Procedure. Once this procedure has been followed TripAdvisor will make all reasonable endeavours to remove illegal content within a reasonable time.

Modifications

TripAdvisor may change, add or delete these Terms and Conditions or any portion thereof from time to time in its sole discretion where it deems it necessary for legal, general regulatory and technical purposes, or due to changes in the services provided or nature or layout of the Website. Thereafter, you expressly agree to be bound by any such amended Terms and Conditions.

TripAdvisor may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the TripAdvisor service at any time, including availability of any feature, database or content. TripAdvisor may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to all or parts of the Website or any other TripAdvisor web site without notice or liability for technical or security reasons, to prevent against unauthorised access, loss of, or destruction of data or where we consider in our sole discretion that you are in breach of any provision of these Terms and Conditions or of any law or regulation and where it decides to discontinue providing a service.

YOUR CONTINUED USE OF TRIPADVISOR NOW, OR FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF ANY SUCH NOTICE OF ANY CHANGES, WILL INDICATE ACCEPTANCE BY YOU OF SUCH MODIFICATIONS.

JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW

This Website is operated by a U.S. entity and this Agreement is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, USA. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Massachusetts, USA and stipulate to the fairness and convenience of proceedings in such courts for all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this Website. You agree that all claims you may have against TripAdvisor arising from or relating to this Website must be heard and resolved in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Use of this Website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, this paragraph. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent that applicable law in your country of residence requires application of another law and/or jurisdiction and this cannot be excluded by contract.

CURRENCY CONVERTER

Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and should be used as guidelines only. Rates are not verified as accurate, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes may not be updated on a daily basis. The information supplied by this application is believed to be accurate, but TripAdvisor, and/or its affiliates do not warrant or guarantee such accuracy. When using this information for any financial purpose, we advise you to consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the currency rates. We do not authorize the use of this information for any purpose other than your personal use and you are expressly prohibited from the resale, redistribution, and use of this information for commercial purposes.

ADDITIONAL MOBILE LICENSES

Portions of TripAdvisor mobile software may use copyrighted material, the use of which TripAdvisor acknowledges. In addition, there are specific terms that apply to use of certain TripAdvisor mobile applications. Please visit the Mobile Licenses page for notices specific to TripAdvisor mobile applications.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

You agree that no joint venture, agency, partnership, or employment relationship exists between you and the TripAdvisor Media Group Companies and/or affiliates as a result of this Agreement or use of this Website.

Our performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this Agreement limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of this Website or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use. To the extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that you will bring any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of this Website within two (2) years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued or such claim or cause of action will be irrevocably waived.

If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remaining provisions in the Agreement shall continue in effect.

This Agreement (and any other terms and conditions referenced herein) constitutes the entire agreement between you and TripAdvisor with respect to this Website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between the customer and TripAdvisor with respect to this Website. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

These Terms and Conditions are available in the language of the Website. The specific Terms and Conditions under to which you signify your agreement will not be individually stored by TripAdvisor.

The Website may not always be updated on a periodic or regular basis and consequently is not required to register as editorial product under any relevant law.

Fictitious names of companies, products, people, characters, and/or data mentioned on this Website are not intended to represent any real individual, company, product, or event.

Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

SERVICE HELP

For answers to your questions or ways to contact us, visit our Help Center. Or, you can write to us at:

TripAdvisor LLC
400 1st Avenue
Needham, MA 02494, USA

Ã‚Â©2017 TripAdvisor LLC. All rights reserved.

Terms of Service Last Modified: 2018-05-15
Tumblr is a U.S. company and subject to U.S. laws and jurisdiction. The original version of these Terms of Service (and any other terms, policies, or guidelines that we provide to you) are written in English. To the extent any translated version of these Terms of Service (or any other terms, policies, or guidelines that we provide to you) conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN LIMITATIONS OF TUMBLR'S LIABILITY IN SECTION 14.

Hello! Welcome to Tumblr’s Terms of Service. Please read this carefully before using our site, services, or products. This is a contract between you and Tumblr. We've also included several annotations that aren't a part of the contract itself, but are intended to emphasize key sections and help you follow the text. We’ve tried to be fair and straightforward. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or suggestions!

1. Accepting the Terms of Service
Please read these Terms of Service and our Community Guidelines (collectively, the "Agreement") carefully before using tumblr.com (the "Site") and/or the other domains, websites, products, applications, mobile applications, services, and/or Content provided by Tumblr, Inc. (all of those collectively with the Site, the "Services") (Tumblr, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oath Inc., a Delaware corporation (" Oath"), collectively with its agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors, "Tumblr," "we," or "us"). By using or accessing the Services, you ("Subscriber" or "you") agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you don’t agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shouldn't, and aren't permitted to, use the Services. Tumblr’s personalized Services cannot be provided and the terms of this Agreement cannot be performed without Tumblr processing information about you and other users. Processing of the information you share with Tumblr is essential to the personalized Services which we provide and which you expect, including personalized Content (as described below) and ads, and is a necessary part of our performance of the agreement we have with you.

We’re just letting you know, here, that Tumblr is now part of Oath, a digital and mobile media company with more than 50 brands globally, and a member of the Verizon family of companies, and these Terms of Service , which apply to your use of Tumblr, have been updated to reflect this change. This section also includes an agreement where you're agreeing to agree to the terms of this Agreement.

2. Modifications to this Agreement
Tumblr reserves the right to modify this Agreement by (1) posting a revised Agreement on and/or through the Services and (2) providing notice to you that this Agreement has changed, generally via email where practicable, and otherwise through the Services (such as through a notification on your Tumblr Dashboard or in our mobile applications). Modifications will not apply retroactively. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any modifications to this Agreement.

We may sometimes ask you to review and to explicitly agree to (or reject) a revised version of this Agreement. In such cases, modifications will be effective at the time of your agreement to the modified version of this Agreement. If you do not agree at that time, you are not permitted to use the Services.

In cases where we do not ask for your explicit agreement to a modified version of this Agreement, but otherwise provide notice as set forth above, the modified version of this Agreement will become effective fourteen days after we have posted the modified Agreement and provided you notification of the modifications. Your use of the Services following that period constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified. If you do not agree to the modifications, you are not permitted to use, and should discontinue your use of, the Services.

Note that, if you have prepaid for any Paid Services (as defined below) prior to a modification of this Agreement, your use of such prepaid Paid Services is governed by the version of this Agreement in effect at the time Tumblr received your prepayment.

As Tumblr grows and improves, we might have to make changes to these Terms of Service. When we do, we'll let you know. We're also going to make it a practice to post old versions so it's easy to see changes/additions/deletions. To see old versions, scroll down to the end of this document.

3. Use of the Services
Eligibility:

You may not use the Services, provide any personal information to Tumblr, or otherwise submit personal information through the Services (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number, or email address) if you are under the Minimum Age. The Minimum Age is (i) thirteen (13), or (ii) for users in the European Union, sixteen (16) (or the lower age that your country has provided for you to consent to the processing of your personal data) . You may only use the Services if you can form a binding contract with Tumblr and are not legally prohibited from using the Services.

You have to be the Minimum Age to use Tumblr. We're serious: it's a hard rule. “But I’m, like, almost old enough!” you plead. Nope, sorry. If you're not old enough, don't use Tumblr. Ask your parents for a Playstation 4, or try books.

Service Changes and Limitations:

The Services change frequently, and their form and functionality may change without prior notice to you. Tumblr retains the right to create limits on and related to use of the Services in its sole discretion at any time with or without notice. Tumblr may also impose limits on certain Services or aspects of those Services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. Tumblr may change, suspend, or discontinue any or all of the Services at any time, including the availability of any product, feature, database, or Content (as defined below). Tumblr may also terminate or suspend Accounts (as defined below) at any time, in its sole discretion.

Tumblr is an ever-evolving platform. With new products, services, and features launching all the time, we need flexibility to make changes, impose limits, and occasionally suspend or terminate certain offerings (like features that flop). We can also terminate or suspend any account at any time. That sounds harsh, but we only use that power when we have a reason, as outlined in these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy , and our Community Guidelines.

Limitations on Automated Use:

You may not, without express prior written permission, do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (a) tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, or the computer or delivery systems of Tumblr and/or its service providers; (b) probe, scan, or test any system or network (particularly for vulnerabilities), or otherwise attempt to breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (c) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Tumblr (and only pursuant to those terms and conditions) or unless permitted by Tumblr's robots.txt file or other robot exclusion mechanisms; (d) scrape the Services, and particularly scrape Content (as defined below) from the Services; (e) use the Services to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information, including without limitation by forging TCP-IP packet headers or email headers; or (f) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any Subscriber, host or network, including, without limitation, by sending a virus to, spamming, or overloading the Services, or by scripted use of the Services in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services.

Don't do bad things to Tumblr or to other users. Some particularly egregious examples of "bad things" are listed in this section.

4. Registration, Tumblr URLs, and Security
As a condition to using certain of the Services and in order for us to provide them to you, you may be required to create an account (an " Account"), provide your age and an email address and select a password and Tumblr username, which will serve as a default link to your default Tumblr blog of the form [username].tumblr.com (a " Tumblr URL"). You must select a different Tumblr URL for each new blog you create.

You agree to provide Tumblr with accurate, complete, and updated registration information, particularly your email address.

It's really important that the email address associated with your Tumblr account is accurate and up-to-date. If you ever forget your password - or worse, fall victim to a malicious phishing attack - a working email address is often the only way for us to recover your account.

You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account password and for the security of your Account, and you will notify Tumblr immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your Account or Account password.

5. Privacy
For information about how Tumblr collects, uses, and shares your information, please review our Privacy Policy . By using the Services you agree you have read the Privacy Policy, which describes our collection, use, and sharing (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of such information, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing, and use by Tumblr and the Tumblr Affiliates (as defined below).

6. Content and Subscriber Content
Definitions:

For purposes of this Agreement: (1) the term "Content" means a creative expression and includes, without limitation, video, audio, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, logos, tools, written posts, replies, comments, information, data, text, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, Themes (as defined below), and interactive features, any of which may be generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services; (2) the term " Subscriber Content" means Content that a Subscriber submits, transfers, or otherwise provides to the Services. Content includes, without limitation, all Subscriber Content.

Your Rights in Subscriber Content:

Subscribers retain ownership and/or other applicable rights in Subscriber Content, and Tumblr and/or third parties retain ownership and/or other applicable rights in all Content other than Subscriber Content.

You retain ownership you have of any intellectual property you post to Tumblr.

Subscriber Content License to Tumblr:

When you provide Subscriber Content to Tumblr through the Services, you grant Tumblr a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right and license to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display (publicly or otherwise), perform (publicly or otherwise), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt (including, without limitation, in order to conform it to the requirements of any networks, devices, services, or media through which the Services are available), and create derivative works of, such Subscriber Content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purposes of allowing Tumblr to operate the Services in accordance with their functionality, improve and promote the Services, and develop new Services. The reference in this license to "creat[ing] derivative works" is not intended to give Tumblr a right to make substantive editorial changes or derivations, but does, for example, enable reblogging, which allows Tumblr Subscribers to redistribute Subscriber Content from one Tumblr blog to another in a manner that allows them to add their own text or other Content before or after your Subscriber Content.

When you upload your creations to Tumblr, you’re giving us permission to make them available in all the ways you would expect us to (for example, via your blog, RSS, the Tumblr Dashboard, etc.). We never want to do anything with your work that surprises you.

Something else worth noting: Countless Tumblr blogs have gone on to spawn books, films, albums, brands, and more. Any royalties or reimbursement you get for your creations are, needless to say, entirely yours. It's your work, and we're proud to be a part (however small) of what you accomplish.

You also agree that this license includes the right for Tumblr to make all publicly-posted Content available to third parties selected by Tumblr, so that those third parties can syndicate and/or analyze such Content on other media and services.

An example of what it means to "make all publicly-posted Content available" to a Tumblr partner for distribution or analysis would be licensing the Tumblr "firehose," a live feed of all public activity on Tumblr, to partners like search engines.

Note also that this license to your Subscriber Content continues even if you stop using the Services, primarily because of the social nature of Content shared through Tumblr’s Services - when you post something publicly, others may choose to comment on it, making your Content part of a social conversation that can’t later be erased without retroactively censoring the speech of others.

One thing you should consider before posting: When you make something publicly available on the Internet, it becomes practically impossible to take down all copies of it.

You also agree that you will respect the intellectual property rights of others, and represent and warrant that you have all of the necessary rights to grant us this license for all Subscriber Content you transfer to us.

Tumblr may add its own affiliate code to links posted on Tumblr at its discretion, provided a user has not previously included their own affiliate code into the applicable link. Users may opt out of this functionality here.

Content License to You:

As a Subscriber of the Services, Tumblr grants you a worldwide, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to download, store, view, display, perform, redistribute, and create derivative works of Content solely in connection with your use of, and in strict accordance with the functionality and restrictions of, the Services (including, without limitation, Paid Services, as defined below). This means, for example, that we license Content to you for purposes of reblogging.

Compliance with Community Guidelines:

You agree that you won't violate Tumblr's Community Guidelines.

Termination and Deletion:

On termination of your Account, or upon your deletion of particular pieces of Subscriber Content from the Services, Tumblr shall make reasonable efforts to make such Subscriber Content inaccessible and cease use of it and, if required by the applicable Privacy Policy, delete your Account data and / or Subscriber Content unless permitted or required to keep this data in accordance with law; however, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) deleted Subscriber Content may persist in caches or backups for a reasonable period of time and (b) copies of or references to the Subscriber Content may not be entirely removed (due to the nature of reblogging, for example). You can delete your account at any time here.

7. Special Provisions for Application Developers
If you develop software or services based on the Services or any Content, whether using the Tumblr Application Programming Interface or not, you will agree to and comply with the Tumblr Application Developer and API License Agreement .

8. Use of Trademarks
Any use of Tumblr's trademarks, branding, logos, and other such assets in connection with the Services shall use Tumblr’s approved branding and shall be in accordance with the Tumblr Trademark Guidelines .

9. Themes
Tumblr makes available specialized HTML and CSS code (" Tumblr Template Code") for the design and layout of blog pages available for use on some of the Services ("Themes "). Certain Themes are available for purchase as a Paid Service (as defined below) (such Themes, "Premium Themes"). Purchased Premium Themes may not be transferred between Accounts, between blogs, or between Services on a single Account and are subject to the payment terms herein.

Tumblr grants you a license to customize the Tumblr Template Code to create your own Themes for use on your blog page (each a " Custom Theme"). If you choose, you may also contribute your Custom Themes for use by other Subscribers as Subscriber Content. However, as a condition of this license allowing you to create Custom Themes, you agree that you won't distribute such Custom Themes from locations other than Tumblr-owned or approved websites without our permission, as set out in our Community Guidelines.

Note also that other Subscribers may use your Custom Themes after you have removed them from distribution, and you hereby grant those Subscribers an irrevocable license to use those Custom Themes as contributed by you. In other words, you can remove and stop distribution of your Custom Themes, but Subscribers who are already using them can keep using them.

To develop and distribute Custom Themes that are Premium Themes, please contact us.

10. Paid Services
Some of the Services require payment of fees (the " Paid Services," including without limitation Premium Themes). All fees are stated in United States dollars. You shall pay all applicable fees, as described in the applicable Services, in connection with such Services, and any related taxes or additional charges.

Paid Services are limited licenses for you to use particular for-pay aspects of the Services. Usage of terms like sell, sale, buy, purchase, or similar terms all refer to your acquisition of a license to use Paid Services, and do not represent any transfer of any right, title, or ownership interest of any kind. You may not relicense, resell, transfer, or exchange Paid Services within or outside of the Services, except as expressly allowed by the rules of those Paid Services.

Tumblr may, in its sole discretion, modify the functionality of, or eliminate, Paid Services, or the terms and conditions under which Paid Services are provided.

Purchases of Paid Services are final and non-refundable (particularly those Paid Services that may be used immediately, such as Promotions, as defined below), except at Tumblr's sole discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Paid Service. Termination of your Account or your rights under this Agreement may result in forfeiture of purchased Paid Services. For example, if your Account is suspended, you forfeit your license to any Premium Themes you have purchased.

Tumblr may change its prices for Paid Services at any time. To the extent applicable, Tumblr will provide you reasonable notice of any such pricing changes by posting the new prices on or through the applicable Paid Service and/or by sending you an email notification. If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you may choose not to purchase, or to cancel, the applicable Paid Service prior to the change going into effect.

11. Special Provisions for Promotions
Some features of the Services may allow you to promote yourself to other Subscribers, and some of these features may be Paid Services (" Promotions").

The following additional terms apply to Promotions:

Things that you promote will comply with this Agreement; if they don't, Tumblr reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel a Promotion without refund or recourse to you.

Tumblr may remove or disable any Promotion for any reason in its sole discretion.

Unless otherwise specified, Tumblr does not guarantee any activity that Promotions may receive, including but not limited to clicks, Likes, and Reblogs. Tumblr cannot control how Subscribers interact with Promotions and is not responsible for "click fraud" or other fraudulent actions by third parties, including, without limitation, Subscribers. Tumblr doesn't guarantee that its reporting related to Promotions will be accurate or complete, nor does it guarantee that Promotions will behave in a particular manner, and Tumblr shall not be liable to you or responsible for any erroneous reporting about or errant behavior of or related to Promotions (e.g., any errors in how Likes or Reblogs are counted).

Promotions may allow targeting to some Subscriber characteristics. Tumblr does not guarantee that any particular Promotion will reach a particular sort of individual in all cases.

You can cancel certain Promotions at any time depending on their functionality, but you are responsible for paying for Promotions at least to the extent they have already been used or distributed through the Services.

By submitting a Promotion, you license Tumblr to run that Promotion for as long as you have specified, which, depending on the Promotion, may be perpetually. This license ends when the Promotion has been completed or cancelled, but it may take up to forty eight (48) hours for a Promotion to stop being reflected on the Services.

12. Warranty Disclaimer; Services Available on an "AS IS" Basis
Your access to and use of the Services or any Content is at your own risk. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TUMBLR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Tumblr makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the Services, including any representation or warranty that the use of the Services will (a) be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in combination with any other hardware, software, system, or data, (b) meet your requirements or expectations, (c) be free from errors or that defects will be corrected, (d) be free of viruses or other harmful components; or (e) be entirely secure or that the information you share with us will be secure. Tumblr also makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to Content; Subscriber Content, in particular, is provided by and is solely the responsibility of, the Subscribers providing that Content. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from Tumblr or through the Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.

13. Time Limitation on Claims and Releases From Liability
You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to this Agreement or your relationship with Tumblr must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred.

You further release, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Tumblr and its employees, agents, consultants, directors, shareholders, any other person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is under common control with, or is directly or indirectly controlled by, Tumblr (the “Tumblr Affiliates”) from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including but not limited to claims of negligence), arising out of or related to the following:

Disputes between Subscribers, including those between you and other Subscribers.

The acts of third parties generally (i.e., individuals or entities who are not Tumblr or a Tumblr Affiliate), including third party sites and services.

Disputes concerning any use of or action taken using your Account by you or a third party.

Claims relating to the unauthorized access to any data communications relating to, or Content stored under or relating to, your Account, including but not limited to unauthorized interception, use, or alteration of such communications or your Content. For the sake of clarity, this includes any and all claims related to the security of your Account credentials.

Claims relating to any face-to-face meetings in any way related to Tumblr at any venues ("Meetups"), including without limitation claims related to the actions or omissions of any Subscribers or third parties who organize, attend, or are otherwise involved in any Meetups; see our Meetups page for more information. Unless otherwise expressly disclosed in writing, Tumblr does not sponsor, oversee, or in any manner control Meetups.

If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code § 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."

14. Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TUMBLR AND THE TUMBLR AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR: (A) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER; (B) LOSS OF: PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES; (C) DAMAGES RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (D) DAMAGES RELATING TO ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR SUBSCRIBER USING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OR CONTENT; AND/OR (E) DAMAGES IN ANY MANNER RELATING TO ANY CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CLAIMS, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT TUMBLR HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND FURTHER WHERE A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF TUMBLR AND THE TUMBLR AFFILIATES, FOR ANY CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE APPLICABLE SERVICE(S).

15. Exclusions to Warranties and Limitation of Liability
Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion/limitation of liability as set forth in Section 14, so the limitations above may not apply to you.

16. Termination
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by notifying the other party. Tumblr may terminate or suspend your access to or ability to use any and all Services immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason or no reason, including but not limited to if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. In particular, Tumblr may immediately terminate or suspend Accounts that have been flagged for repeat copyright infringement.

Upon termination of your access to or ability to use a Service, including but not limited to suspension of your Account on a Service, your right to use or access that Service and any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination of your access to and use of the Services shall not relieve you of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability that you otherwise may have to Tumblr or any third party and shall not relieve you of your rights if you are a user in the European Economic Area which are described in the Privacy Policy.

17. Choice of Law and Venue
You and Tumblr agree that we will resolve any claim or controversy at law or equity that arises out of this Agreement or the Services in accordance with this Section or as you and Tumblr otherwise agree in writing. Before resorting to formal dispute resolution, we strongly encourage you to contact us to seek a resolution.

Law and Forum for Legal Disputes:

This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York as they apply to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within New York between New York residents, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Tumblr must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in New York County, New York, except as otherwise agreed by the parties. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New York County, New York for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

If you are (a) a United States federal, state, or local government agency or body, (b) using the Services in your official capacity, and (c) legally unable to accept the clauses in this Section, then this Section doesn’t apply to you. For such entities, this Agreement and any related action will be governed by the laws of the United States of America, without regard to conflict of law provisions, and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of New York, excluding choice of law.

18. Miscellaneous
This Agreement, as modified from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement between you and Tumblr with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof and constitutes the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties. The failure of either party to exercise, in any way, any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain enforceable and in full force and effect. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable, or sublicensable by you except with Tumblr's prior written consent. Tumblr may assign this Agreement in whole or in part at any time without your consent. No agency, partnership, joint controllership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Tumblr in any respect whatsoever. Any notice to Tumblr that is required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon receipt, when delivered in person by nationally recognized overnight courier or mailed by first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to

Tumblr, Inc.
770 Broadway
New York, NY, 10003,
Attn: Legal Department
.
19. Special Provisions for Subscribers Located Outside of the United States
Tumblr provides global products and services and enables a global community for individuals to share and follow the things they love. Tumblr's servers and operations are, however, located in the United States, and Tumblr's policies and procedures are based on United States law. As such, the following provisions apply specifically to Subscribers located outside of the United States: (1) you acknowledge that we will transfer, store, and process your information, including but not limited to Subscriber Content and any personal information, in the United States and/or other countries in order to provide you with the Services and perform this Agreement; and (2) if you are using the Services from a country embargoed by the United States, or are on the United States Treasury Department's list of "Specially Designated Nationals," you agree that you will not engage in financial transactions, or conduct any commercial activities using or through the Services (for example, purchasing Premium Themes).

Submit an infringement notice

20. DMCA Copyright Policy
Tumblr has adopted the following policy toward copyright infringement on the Services in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA"). The address of Tumblr's Designated Agent for copyright takedown notices ("Designated Agent") is listed below. You may submit a notice under the DMCA using our copyright notice form.

Reporting Instances of Copyright Infringement:

If you believe that Content residing or accessible on or through the Services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent at the address below:

Identification of the work or material being infringed.

Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location, with sufficient detail so that Tumblr is capable of finding it and verifying its existence.

Contact information for the notifying party (the "Notifying Party"), including name, address, telephone number, and email address.

A statement that the Notifying Party has a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or law.

A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided in the notice is accurate and that the Notifying Party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed.

Please also note that the information provided in a notice of copyright infringement may be forwarded to the Subscriber who posted the allegedly infringing content. After removing material pursuant to a valid DMCA notice, Tumblr will immediately notify the Subscriber responsible for the allegedly infringing material that it has removed or disabled access to the material. Tumblr will terminate, under appropriate circumstances, the Accounts of Subscribers who are repeat copyright infringers, and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate any Subscriber for actual or apparent copyright infringement.

Submitting a DMCA Counter-Notification:

If you believe you are the wrongful subject of a DMCA notification, you may file a counter-notification with Tumblr by providing the following information to the Designated Agent at the address below:

The specific URLs of material that Tumblr has removed or to which Tumblr has disabled access.

Your name, address, telephone number, and email address.

A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or the federal district courts located in New York County, New York if your address is outside of the United States), and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original DMCA notification or an agent of such person.

The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled."

Your signature.

Upon receipt of a valid counter-notification, Tumblr will forward it to Notifying Party who submitted the original DMCA notification. The original Notifying Party (or the copyright holder he or she represents) will then have ten (10) days to notify us that he or she has filed legal action relating to the allegedly infringing material. If Tumblr does not receive any such notification within ten (10) days, we may restore the material to the Services.

Designated Agent

Tumblr, Inc. 
770 Broadway 
New York, NY 10003 
Attn: Copyright Agent 
Fax: +1 (646) 513-4321 
Email: dmca@tumblr.com 
Copyright notice form:https://www.tumblr.com/dmca

21. Open Source Disclosures
You can find disclosures related to our use of open source software packages at the following locations:

https://www.tumblr.com/policy/ios-credits

https://www.tumblr.com/policy/android-credits

https://www.tumblr.com/policy/web-credits

Link to Prior Versions

You will find prior versions of our Terms of Service on GitHub, which will allow you to compare historical versions and see which terms have been updated.

https://github.com/tumblr/policy/commits/master/terms-of-service.txt

Last modified on 01/01/2021
Terms of Service

1. Introduction; Your Agreement to these Terms of Service

2. Use of Twitch by Minors and Blocked Persons

3. Privacy Notice

4. Account

5. Use of Devices and Services

6. Modification of these Terms of Service

7. License

8. User Content

9. Prohibited Conduct

10. Respecting Copyright

11. Trademarks

12. Third-Party Content

13. Idea Submission

14. Termination

15. Disputes

16. Miscellaneous

17. Requests for Information and How to Serve a Subpoena

18. Specific Terms for Soundtrack by Twitch
1. Introduction; Your Agreement to these Terms of Service

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. THIS IS A BINDING CONTRACT. Welcome to the services operated by Twitch Interactive, Inc. (collectively with its affiliates, “Twitch” or “We”) consisting of the website available at https://www.twitch.tv, and its network of websites, software applications, or any other products or services offered by Twitch (the “Twitch Services”). Other services offered by Twitch may be subject to separate terms.

When using the Twitch Services, you will be subject to Twitch’s Community Guidelines and additional guidelines or rules that are posted on the Twitch Services, made available to you, or disclosed to you in connection with specific services and features. Twitch may also offer certain paid services, which are subject to the Twitch Terms of Sale as well as any additional terms or conditions that are disclosed to you in connection with such services. All such terms and guidelines (the “Guidelines”) are incorporated into these Terms of Service by reference.

The Terms of Service apply whether you are a user that registers an account with the Twitch Services or an unregistered user. You agree that by clicking “Sign Up” or otherwise registering, downloading, accessing, or using the Twitch Services, you are entering into a legally binding agreement between you and Twitch regarding your use of the Twitch Services. You acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, do not access or otherwise use any of the Twitch Services.

When using Twitch or opening an account with Twitch on behalf of a company, entity, or organization (collectively, “Subscribing Organization”), you represent and warrant that you: (i) are an authorized representative of that Subscribing Organization with the authority to bind that organization to these Terms of Service and grant the licenses set forth herein; and (ii) agree to these Terms of Service on behalf of such Subscribing Organization.
2. Use of Twitch by Minors and Blocked Persons

The Twitch Services are not available to persons under the age of 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and the age of legal majority in your jurisdiction of residence, you may only use the Twitch Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Service.

The Twitch Services are also not available to any users previously removed from the Twitch Services by Twitch or to any persons barred from receiving them under the laws of the United States (such as its export and re-export restrictions and regulations) or applicable laws in any other jurisdiction.

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE TWITCH SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OF AGE, THAT YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE AGE OF LEGAL MAJORITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION OF RESIDENCE, AND THAT YOU HAVE NOT BEEN PREVIOUSLY REMOVED FROM AND ARE NOT PROHIBITED FROM RECEIVING THE TWITCH SERVICES.
3. Privacy Notice

Your privacy is important to Twitch. Please see our Privacy Notice for information relating to how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information, and our Privacy Choices on how you can manage your online privacy when you use the Twitch Services.
4. Account
a. Account and Password

In order to open an account, you will be asked to provide us with certain information such as an account name and password.

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, your password and for restricting access to your computer. If you permit others to use your account credentials, you agree to these Terms of Service on behalf of all other persons who use the Services under your account or password, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password. Please make sure the information you provide to Twitch upon registration and at all other times is true, accurate, current, and complete to the best of your knowledge.

Unless expressly permitted in writing by Twitch, you may not sell, rent, lease, share, or provide access to your account to anyone else, including without limitation, charging anyone for access to administrative rights on your account. Twitch reserves all available legal rights and remedies to prevent unauthorized use of the Twitch Services, including, but not limited to, technological barriers, IP mapping, and, in serious cases, directly contacting your Internet Service Provider (ISP) regarding such unauthorized use.
b. Third-Party Accounts

Twitch may permit you to register for and log on to the Twitch Services via certain third-party services. The third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to that third-party service’s privacy notice. Further information about how Twitch collects, uses, and discloses your personal information when you link your Twitch account with your account on any third-party service can be found in our Privacy Notice.
5. Use of Devices and Services

Access to the Twitch Services may require the use of your personal computer or mobile device, as well as communications with or use of space on such devices. You are responsible for any Internet connection or mobile fees and charges that you incur when accessing the Twitch Services.
6. Modification of these Terms of Service

Twitch may amend any of the terms of these Terms of Service by posting the amended terms. Your continued use of the Twitch Services after the effective date of the revised Terms of Service constitutes your acceptance of the terms.

For residents of the Republic of Korea, Twitch will provide reasonable prior notice regarding any material amendments to its Terms of Service.  All amendments shall become effective no sooner than 30 calendar days after posting; provided that any amendment regarding newly available features of the Service, features of the Service that are beneficial to the user, or changes made for legal reasons may become effective immediately.
7. License

The Twitch Services are owned and operated by Twitch. Unless otherwise indicated, all content, information, and other materials on the Twitch Services (excluding User Content, set out in Section 8 below), including, without limitation, Twitch’s trademarks and logos, the visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, software, computer code (including source code or object code), services, text, pictures, information, data, sound files, other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the “Materials”) are protected by relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights and laws. All Materials are the property of Twitch or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing by Twitch, by agreeing to these Terms of Service you are granted a limited, non-sublicensable license (i.e., a personal and limited right) to access and use the Twitch Services for your personal use or internal business use only.

Twitch reserves all rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Service. This license is subject to these Terms of Service and does not permit you to engage in any of the following: (a) resale or commercial use of the Twitch Services or the Materials; (b) distribution, public performance or public display of any Materials; (c) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Twitch Services or the Materials, or any portion of them; (d) use of any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (e) downloading (except page caching) of any portion of the Twitch Services, the Materials, or any information contained in them, except as expressly permitted on the Twitch Services; or (f) any use of the Twitch Services or the Materials except for their intended purposes. Any use of the Twitch Services or the Materials except as specifically authorized in these Terms of Service, without the prior written permission of Twitch, is strictly prohibited and may violate intellectual property rights or other laws. Unless explicitly stated in these Terms of Service, nothing in them shall be interpreted as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or other legal principles. Twitch can terminate this license as set out in Section 14.
8. User Content

Twitch allows you to distribute streaming live and pre-recorded audio-visual works; to use services, such as chat, bulletin boards, forum postings, wiki contributions, and voice interactive services; and to participate in other activities in which you may create, post, transmit, perform, or store content, messages, text, sound, images, applications, code, or other data or materials on the Twitch Services (“User Content”).
a. License to Twitch

(i) Unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement between you and Twitch that was signed by an authorized representative of Twitch, if you submit, transmit, display, perform, post, or store User Content using the Twitch Services, you grant Twitch and its sub-licensees, to the furthest extent and for the maximum duration permitted by applicable law (including in perpetuity if permitted under applicable law), an unrestricted, worldwide, irrevocable, fully sub-licenseable, nonexclusive, and royalty-free right to: (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display such User Content (including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Twitch Services (and derivative works thereof) in any form, format, media, or media channels now known or later developed or discovered; and (b) use the name, identity, likeness, and voice (or other biographical information) that you submit in connection with such User Content. Should such User Content contain the name, identity, likeness, and voice (or other biographical information) of third parties, you represent and warrant that you have obtained the appropriate consents and/or licenses for your use of such features and that Twitch and its sub-licensees are allowed to use them to the extent indicated in these Terms of Service.

(ii) With respect to User Content known as “add-ons”, “maps”, “mods”, or other types of projects submitted through CurseForge.com or related sites (the “Submitted Projects”), the rights granted by you hereunder terminate once you remove or delete such Submitted Projects from the Twitch Services. You also acknowledge that Twitch may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of Submitted Projects that have been removed or deleted.

(iii) With respect to streaming live and pre-recorded audio-visual works, the rights granted by you hereunder terminate once you delete such User Content from the Twitch Services, or generally by closing your account, except:(a) to the extent you shared it with others as part of the Twitch Services and others copied or stored portions of the User Content (e.g., made a Clip); (b) Twitch used it for promotional purposes; and (c) for the reasonable time it takes to remove from backup and other systems.
b. User Content Representations and Warranties

You are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. You represent and warrant that: (1) you are the creator or own or control all right in and to the User Content or otherwise have sufficient rights and authority to grant the rights granted herein; (2) your User Content does not and will not: (a) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right, or (b) defame any other person; (3) your User Content does not contain any viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other harmful or malicious code; and (4) unless you have received prior written authorization, your User Content specifically does not contain any pre-release or non-public beta software or game content or any confidential information of Twitch or third parties. Twitch reserves all rights and remedies against any users who breach these representations and warranties.
c. Content is Uploaded at Your Own Risk

Twitch uses reasonable security measures in order to attempt to protect User Content against unauthorized copying and distribution. However, Twitch does not guarantee that any unauthorized copying, use, or distribution of User Content by third parties will not take place. To the furthest extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby agree that Twitch shall not be liable for any unauthorized copying, use, or distribution of User Content by third parties and release and forever waive any claims you may have against Twitch for any such unauthorized copying or usage of the User Content, under any theory. THE SECURITY MEASURES TO PROTECT USER CONTENT USED BY TWITCH HEREIN ARE PROVIDED AND USED “AS-IS” AND WITH NO WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, CONDITIONS, ASSURANCES, OR OTHER TERMS THAT SUCH SECURITY MEASURES WILL WITHSTAND ATTEMPTS TO EVADE SECURITY MECHANISMS OR THAT THERE WILL BE NO CRACKS, DISABLEMENTS, OR OTHER CIRCUMVENTION OF SUCH SECURITY MEASURES.
d. Promotions

Users may promote, administer, or conduct a promotion (e.g., a contest or sweepstakes) on, through, or utilizing the Twitch Services (a “Promotion”). If you choose to promote, administer, or conduct a Promotion, you must adhere to the following rules: (1) You may carry out Promotions to the extent permitted by applicable law and you are solely responsible for ensuring that any Promotions comply with any and all applicable laws, obligations, and restrictions; (2) You will be classified as the promoter of your Promotion in the applicable jurisdiction(s) and you will be solely responsible for all aspects of and expenses related to your Promotion, including without limitation the execution, administration, and operation of the Promotion; drafting and posting any official rules; selecting winners; issuing prizes; and obtaining all necessary third-party permissions and approvals, including without limitation filing any and all necessary registrations and bonds. Twitch has the right to remove your Promotion from the Twitch Services if Twitch reasonably believes that your Promotion does not comply with the Terms of Service or applicable law; (3) Twitch is not responsible for and does not endorse or support any such Promotions. You may not indicate that Twitch is a sponsor or co-sponsor of the Promotion; and (4) You will display or read out the following disclaimer when promoting, administering, or conducting a Promotion: “This is a promotion by [Your Name]. Twitch does not sponsor or endorse this promotion and is not responsible for it.”.
e. Endorsements/Testimonials

You agree that your User Content will comply with the FTC’s Guidelines Concerning the Use of Testimonials and Endorsements in Advertising, the FTC’s Disclosures Guide, the FTC’s Native Advertising Guidelines, and any other guidelines issued by the FTC from time to time (the “FTC Guidelines”), as well as any other advertising guidelines required under applicable law. For example, if you have been paid or provided with free products in exchange for discussing or promoting a product or service through the Twitch Services, or if you are an employee of a company and you decide to discuss or promote that company’s products or services through the Twitch Services, you agree to comply with the FTC Guidelines’ requirements for disclosing such relationships. You, and not Twitch, are solely responsible for any endorsements or testimonials you make regarding any product or service through the Twitch Services.
f. Political Activity

Subject to these Terms of Service and the Community Guidelines, you may share political opinions; participate in political activity; provide links to a political committee’s official website, including the contribution page of a political committee; and solicit viewers to make contributions directly to a political committee. You agree, however, that these activities are entirely your own. Moreover, by engaging in these activities, you represent and warrant that you are eligible to engage in them under applicable law, and that you will abide by all relevant laws and regulations while doing so.

You agree not to solicit the use of or use any Twitch monetization tool (e.g., Bits or subscriptions) for the purpose of making or delivering a contribution to a candidate, candidate’s committee, political action committee, ballot committee, or any other campaign committee, or otherwise for the purpose of influencing any election. Candidates for political office are not eligible to use any Twitch monetization tool on their channels.
9. Prohibited Conduct

YOU AGREE NOT TO violate any law, contract, intellectual property, or other third-party right; not to commit a tort, and that you are solely responsible for your conduct while on the Twitch Services.

You agree that you will comply with these Terms of Service and Twitch’s Community Guidelines and will not:

i. create, upload, transmit, distribute, or store any content that is inaccurate, unlawful, infringing, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, harassing, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable;

ii. impersonate any person or entity; falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity; access the Twitch Services accounts of others without permission; forge another person’s digital signature; misrepresent the source, identity, or content of information transmitted via the Twitch Services; or perform any other similar fraudulent activity;

iii. send junk mail or spam to users of the Twitch Services, including without limitation unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other solicitation material; bulk mailing of commercial advertising, chain mail, informational announcements, charity requests, petitions for signatures, or any of the preceding things related to promotional giveaways (such as raffles and contests); and other similar activities;

iv. harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Twitch Services;

v. defame, harass, abuse, threaten, or defraud users of the Twitch Services, or collect or attempt to collect, personal information about users or third parties without their consent;

vi. delete, remove, circumvent, disable, damage, or otherwise interfere with (a) security-related features of the Twitch Services or User Content, (b) features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Twitch Services, (c) features that enforce limitations on the use of the Twitch Services or User Content, or (d) the copyright or other proprietary rights notices on the Twitch Services or User Content;

vii. reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Twitch Services or any part thereof, except and only to the extent that this activity is expressly permitted by the law of your jurisdiction of residence;

viii. modify, adapt, translate, or create derivative works based upon the Twitch Services or any part thereof, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation;

ix. interfere with or damage the operation of the Twitch Services or any user’s enjoyment of them, by any means, including uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code;

x. relay email from a third party’s mail servers without the permission of that third party;

xi. access any website, server, software application, or other computer resource owned, used, and/or licensed by Twitch, including but not limited to the Twitch Services, by means of any robot, spider, scraper, crawler, or other automated means for any purpose, or bypass any measures Twitch may use to prevent or restrict access to any website, server, software application, or other computer resource owned, used, and/or licensed by Twitch, including but not limited to the Twitch Services;

xii. manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any User Content transmitted through the Twitch Services;

xiii. interfere with or disrupt the Twitch Services or servers or networks connected to the Twitch Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Twitch Services; use the Twitch Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Twitch Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the Twitch Services in any manner;

xiv. use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization from that user and Twitch;

xv. attempt to circumvent any content filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access any service or area of the Twitch Services that you are not authorized to access;

xvi. attempt to indicate in any manner, without our prior written permission, that you have a relationship with us or that we have endorsed you or any products or services for any purpose; and

xvii. use the Twitch Services for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law or regulation, including without limitation laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights, data protection, and privacy.

To the extent permitted by applicable law, Twitch takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content or for any loss or damage resulting therefrom, nor is Twitch liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography, or profanity you may encounter when using the Twitch Services. Your use of the Twitch Services is at your own risk. In addition, these rules do not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the Twitch Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by such rules.

Twitch is not liable for any statements or representations included in User Content. Twitch does not endorse any User Content, opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Twitch expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Twitch reserves the right to remove, screen, or edit any User Content posted or stored on the Twitch Services at any time and without notice, including where such User Content violates these Terms of Service or applicable law, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on the Twitch Services at your sole cost and expense. Any use of the Twitch Services in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Service and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Twitch Services.

For Residents of the Republic of Korea, except in the case where Twitch reasonably considers that giving notice is legally prohibited (for instance, when providing notice would either (i) violate applicable laws, regulations, or orders from regulatory authorities or (ii) compromise an ongoing investigation conducted by a regulatory authority) or that any notice may cause harm to you, third parties, Twitch, and/or its affiliates (for instance, when providing notice harms the security of the Twitch Services), Twitch will without delay notify you of the reason for taking the relevant step.
10. Respecting Copyright

Twitch respects the intellectual property of others and follows the requirements set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable laws. If you are the copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content posted on the Twitch Services infringes upon your copyright, please submit a notice following our DMCA Guidelines, which include further information about our policies, what to include in your notice, and where to submit your notice.
11. Trademarks

TWITCH, the Twitch logos, and any other product or service name, logo, or slogan used by Twitch, and the look and feel of the Twitch Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts, are trademarks or trade dress of Twitch, and may not be used in whole or in part in connection with any product or service that is not Twitch’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Twitch, without our prior written permission. Any use of these trademarks must be in accordance with the Twitch Trademark Guidelines.

All other trademarks referenced in the Twitch Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference on the Twitch Services to any products, services, processes, or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by us or any other affiliation.
12. Third-Party Content

In addition to the User Content, Twitch may provide other third-party content on the Twitch Services (collectively, the “Third-Party Content”). Twitch does not control or endorse any Third-Party Content and makes no representation or warranties of any kind regarding the Third-Party Content, including without limitation regarding its accuracy or completeness. Please be aware that we do not create Third-Party Content, update, or monitor it. Therefore we are not responsible for any Third-Party Content on the Twitch Services.

You are responsible for deciding if you want to access or use third-party websites or applications that link from the Twitch Services (the “Reference Sites”). Twitch does not control or endorse any such Reference Sites or the information, materials, products, or services contained on or accessible through Reference Sites, and makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the Reference Sites. In addition, your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Twitch Services are solely between you and such advertiser. Access and use of Reference Sites, including the information, materials, products, and services on or available through Reference Sites is solely at your own risk.
13. Idea Submission

By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals (the “Submissions”) to Twitch or its employees, you acknowledge and agree that Twitch shall be entitled to use or disclose such Submissions for any purpose in any way without providing compensation or credit to you.
14. Termination

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Twitch reserves the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Twitch Services (including to post User Content) and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Twitch Services, including where we reasonably consider that: (a) your use of the Twitch Services violates these Terms of Service or applicable law; (b) you fraudulently use or misuse the Twitch Services; or (c) we are unable to continue providing the Twitch Services to you due to technical or legitimate business reasons. Our right to terminate your license includes the ability to terminate or to suspend your access to any purchased products or services, including any subscriptions, Prime Gaming, or Turbo accounts. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, your only remedy with respect to any dissatisfaction with: (i) the Twitch Services, (ii) any term of these Terms of Service, (iii) any policy or practice of Twitch in operating the Twitch Services, or (iv) any content or information transmitted through the Twitch Services, is to terminate your account and to discontinue use of any and all parts of the Twitch Services.

For residents of the Republic of Korea, except in the case where Twitch reasonably considers that giving notice is legally prohibited (for instance, when providing notice would either (i) violate applicable laws, regulations, or orders from regulatory authorities or (ii) compromise an ongoing investigation conducted by a regulatory authority) or that any notice may cause harm to you, third parties, Twitch, and/or its affiliates (for instance, when providing notice harms the security of the Twitch Services), Twitch will without delay notify you of the reason for taking the relevant step.
15. Disputes

a. Indemnification

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Twitch, its affiliated companies, and each of our respective contractors, employees, officers, directors, agents,  third-party suppliers, licensors, and partners (individually and collectively, the “Twitch Parties”) from any claims, losses, damages, demands, expenses, costs, and liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to your access, use, or misuse of the Twitch Services, any User Content you post, store, or otherwise transmit in or through the Twitch Services, your violation of the rights of any third party, any violation by you of these Terms of Service, or any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by you herein. You agree to promptly notify the Twitch Parties of any third-party claim, and Twitch reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify Twitch, and you agree to cooperate with Twitch’s defense of these claims. Twitch will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.

b. Disclaimers; No Warranties

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) THE TWITCH SERVICES AND THE CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN WRITING BY TWITCH; (B) THE TWITCH PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS, OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE TWITCH SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN; (C) TWITCH DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON THE TWITCH SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE; (D) TWITCH IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RELATING TO TEXT OR PHOTOGRAPHY; AND (E) WHILE TWITCH ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE TWITCH SERVICES SAFE, TWITCH CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE TWITCH SERVICES OR OUR SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM TWITCH OR THROUGH THE TWITCH SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.

c. Limitation of Liability and Damages

i. Limitation of Liability

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) IN NO EVENT SHALL TWITCH OR THE TWITCH PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE TWITCH SERVICES, THE CONTENT OR THE MATERIALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM TWITCH, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO TWITCH’S RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF TWITCH, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE, OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE TWITCH SERVICES EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE TWITCH SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE CLAIM OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS LIMITATION OF SUCH LIABILITY, TWITCH SHALL LIMIT ITS LIABILITY TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

ii. Reference Sites

THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY YOU BY REASON OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD OR PROVIDED ON ANY REFERENCE SITES OR OTHERWISE BY THIRD PARTIES OTHER THAN TWITCH AND RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE TWITCH SERVICES OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY REFERENCE SITES.

iii. Basis of the Bargain

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TWITCH HAS OFFERED THE TWITCH SERVICES, USER CONTENT, MATERIALS, AND OTHER CONTENT AND INFORMATION, SET ITS PRICES, AND ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN RELIANCE UPON THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN, THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN REFLECT A REASONABLE AND FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN YOU AND TWITCH, AND THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND TWITCH. TWITCH WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE TWITCH SERVICES TO YOU ON AN ECONOMICALLY REASONABLE BASIS WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS.

d. Applicable Law and Venue

(i) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and Twitch agree that if you are a Subscribing Organization or a consumer resident of a jurisdiction other than those in (ii) below, the following governing law and arbitration provision applies:

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH TWITCH AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM TWITCH.

You and Twitch agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms of Service or your use of the Twitch Services, except that you and Twitch are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable and other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets, or patents. ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL. You and Twitch agree that you will notify each other in writing of any dispute within thirty (30) days of when it arises. Notice to Twitch shall be sent to: Twitch Interactive, Inc., Attn: Legal, 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104. You and Twitch further agree: to attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration; that any arbitration will occur in Santa Clara County, California; that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of JAMS; and that the state or federal courts in Santa Clara County, California have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any suit between the parties not subject to arbitration. Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court. Any dispute between the parties will be governed by this Agreement and the laws of the State of California and applicable United States law, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction. Whether the dispute is heard in arbitration or in court, you and Twitch will not commence against the other a class action, class arbitration, or other representative action or proceeding.

(ii) If you are a resident in any jurisdiction in which the provision in the section above is found to be unenforceable, then any disputes, claims, or causes of action arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Service will be governed by and construed under the laws of your jurisdiction of residence, and shall be resolved by competent civil courts within your jurisdiction of residence.

e. Claims

YOU AND TWITCH AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TWITCH SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
16. Miscellaneous
a. Waiver

If we fail to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service, it will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by the relevant party.
b. Severability

If any provision of these Terms of Service is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated from these Terms of Service to the minimum extent necessary and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
c. Assignment

These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Twitch without restriction. Any assignment attempted to be made in violation of this Terms of Service shall be void.
d. Survival

Upon termination of these Terms of Service, any provision which, by its nature or express terms should survive, will survive such termination or expiration, including, but not limited to, Sections 7, 8, 11, 12, and 15-17.
e. Entire Agreement

The Terms of Service, which incorporate the Terms of Sale and the Community Guidelines, is the entire agreement between you and Twitch relating to the subject matter herein and will not be modified except by a writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties, or by a change to these Terms of Service made by Twitch as set forth in Section 6 above.
17. Requests for Information and How to Serve a Subpoena

All requests for information or documents related to potential, anticipated, or current legal proceedings, investigations, or disputes must be made using the appropriate level of legal process, and must be properly served on Twitch via the Corporation Service Company (CSC), Twitch’s national registered agent. Please find below the California address for CSC (the CSC office in your jurisdiction may be located through the Secretary of State’s website):

Twitch Interactive, Inc.
c/o Corporation Service Company
2710 Gateway Oaks Drive, Suite 150N
Sacramento, CA 95833

Please note that Twitch does not accept requests for information or documents, or service of process, via e-mail or fax and will not respond to such requests. All requests must include the information you may have that will help us identify the relevant records (particularly, the Twitch Service at issue, e.g., www.twitch.tv, and the username at issue, e.g., the Twitch username: http://www.twitch.tv/username), the specific information requested, and its relationship to your investigation. Please also note that limiting your request to the relevant records (e.g., a limited time period) will facilitate efficient processing of your request.

The Twitch Services are offered by Twitch Interactive, Inc., located at: 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104 and email: help@twitch.tv. If you are a California resident, you may have this same information emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and a request for this information.
18. Specific Terms for Soundtrack by Twitch

Soundtrack by Twitch (“Soundtrack”), which is part of the Twitch Services, is a streamer tool designed to give creators the ability to play licensed music in the background of their live streams and upload on-demand videos of those live streams that do not include such music. By downloading, installing, and/or otherwise using Soundtrack, you agree that your download, installation, and/or use of Soundtrack will be governed by these Terms of Service. Twitch’s Community Guidelines and Music Guidelines apply as well, and we recommend that you review both resources prior to using Soundtrack.

Soundtrack was borne out of Twitch’s desire to offer creators a wide variety of licensed music for live streaming. To make this possible, Twitch secured licenses with many different rights holders and continues to do so in order to add new tracks to Soundtrack’s stations and playlists. Twitch also designed Soundtrack to give creators the ability to generate on-demand videos of their live streams that do not include this music.

The licenses Twitch secured allow Twitch to make these materials available to you for your use in live streams on your Twitch channel. Music and other materials made available through Soundtrack have not been licensed for your use in pre-recorded content, in content that can be streamed on-demand (such as VODs and Clips), or outside the Twitch Services. What this means is that you may not:

    Create on-demand content containing materials from Soundtrack – we have designed Soundtrack with this restriction in mind, and proper setup will allow you to create and use music-free on-demand videos of live streams that include Soundtrack music; or
    Live stream content that includes music or other materials from Soundtrack outside the Twitch Services.

Doing any of the above may subject you to a notice of alleged infringement from rights holders and their agents.

Last, we want to alert you to the fact that music rights tend to evolve over time. Thus, we reserve the right to modify or remove certain songs or other content from Soundtrack at any time (for example, as necessary to comply with our music licenses or with applicable laws). Twitch takes no responsibility and assumes no liability in connection with your use of Soundtrack.

UBER B.V.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Last updated: March 16, 2017

1. Contractual Relationship

These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern the access or use by you, an individual, from within any country in the world (excluding the United States and its territories and possessions and Mainland China) of applications, websites, content, products, and services (the “Services”) made available by Uber B.V., a private limited liability company established in the Netherlands, having its offices at Vijzelstraat 68, 1017 HL, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, registered at the Amsterdam Chamber of Commerce under number 56317441 (“Uber”).

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES.

Your access and use of the Services constitutes your agreement to be bound by these Terms, which establishes a contractual relationship between you and Uber. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use the Services. These Terms expressly supersede prior agreements or arrangements with you. Uber may immediately terminate these Terms or any Services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or deny access to the Services or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.

Supplemental terms may apply to certain Services, such as policies for a particular event, activity or promotion, and such supplemental terms will be disclosed to you in connection with the applicable Services. Supplemental terms are in addition to, and shall be deemed a part of, the Terms for the purposes of the applicable Services. Supplemental terms shall prevail over these Terms in the event of a conflict with respect to the applicable Services.

Uber may amend the Terms related to the Services from time to time. Amendments will be effective upon Uber’s posting of such updated Terms at this location or the amended policies or supplemental terms on the applicable Service. Your continued access or use of the Services after such posting constitutes your consent to be bound by the Terms, as amended.

Our collection and use of personal information in connection with the Services is as provided in Uber’s Privacy Policy located at https://www.uber.com/legal. Uber may provide to a claims processor or an insurer any necessary information (including your contact information) if there is a complaint, dispute or conflict, which may include an accident, involving you and a Third Party Provider (including a transportation network company driver) and such information or data is necessary to resolve the complaint, dispute or conflict.

2. The Services

The Services constitute a technology platform that enables users of Uber’s mobile applications or websites provided as part of the Services (each, an “Application”) to arrange and schedule transportation and/or logistics services with independent third party providers of such services, including independent third party transportation providers and independent third party logistics providers under agreement with Uber or certain of Uber’s affiliates (“Third Party Providers”). Unless otherwise agreed by Uber in a separate written agreement with you, the Services are made available solely for your personal, noncommercial use. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT UBER DOES NOT PROVIDE TRANSPORTATION OR LOGISTICS SERVICES OR FUNCTION AS A TRANSPORTATION CARRIER AND THAT ALL SUCH TRANSPORTATION OR LOGISTICS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTY CONTRACTORS WHO ARE NOT EMPLOYED BY UBER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES.

License.

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Uber grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferrable license to: (i) access and use the Applications on your personal device solely in connection with your use of the Services; and (ii) access and use any content, information and related materials that may be made available through the Services, in each case solely for your personal, noncommercial use. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Uber and Uber’s licensors.

Restrictions.

You may not: (i) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from any portion of the Services; (ii) reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, lease, sell, resell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Services except as expressly permitted by Uber; (iii) decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the Services except as may be permitted by applicable law; (iv) link to, mirror or frame any portion of the Services; (v) cause or launch any programs or scripts for the purpose of scraping, indexing, surveying, or otherwise data mining any portion of the Services or unduly burdening or hindering the operation and/or functionality of any aspect of the Services; or (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to or impair any aspect of the Services or its related systems or networks.

Provision of the Services.

You acknowledge that portions of the Services may be made available under Uber’s various brands or request options associated with transportation or logistics, including the transportation request brands currently referred to as “Uber,” “uberPOP,” “uberX,” “uberXL,” “UberBLACK,” “UberSUV,” “UberBERLINE,” “UberVAN,” “UberEXEC,” and “UberLUX” and the logistics request brands currently referred to as “UberRUSH,” “UberFRESH” and “UberEATS”. You also acknowledge that the Services may be made available under such brands or request options by or in connection with: (i) certain of Uber’s subsidiaries and affiliates; or (ii) independent Third Party Providers, including transportation network company drivers, transportation charter permit holders or holders of similar transportation permits, authorizations or licenses.

Third Party Services and Content.

The Services may be made available or accessed in connection with third party services and content (including advertising) that Uber does not control. You acknowledge that different terms of use and privacy policies may apply to your use of such third party services and content. Uber does not endorse such third party services and content and in no event shall Uber be responsible or liable for any products or services of such third party providers. Additionally, Apple Inc., Google, Inc., Microsoft Corporation or BlackBerry Limited and/or their applicable international subsidiaries and affiliates will be third-party beneficiaries to this contract if you access the Services using Applications developed for Apple iOS, Android, Microsoft Windows, or Blackberry-powered mobile devices, respectively. These third party beneficiaries are not parties to this contract and are not responsible for the provision or support of the Services in any manner. Your access to the Services using these devices is subject to terms set forth in the applicable third party beneficiary’s terms of service.

Ownership.

The Services and all rights therein are and shall remain Uber’s property or the property of Uber’s licensors. Neither these Terms nor your use of the Services convey or grant to you any rights: (i) in or related to the Services except for the limited license granted above; or (ii) to use or reference in any manner Uber’s company names, logos, product and service names, trademarks or services marks or those of Uber’s licensors.

3. Your Use of the Services

User Accounts.

In order to use most aspects of the Services, youmust register for and maintain an active personal user Services account (“Account”). You must be at least 18 years of age, or the age of legal majority in your jurisdiction (if different than 18), to obtain an Account. Account registration requires you to submit to Uber certain personal information, such as your name, address, mobile phone number and age, as well as at least one valid payment method (either a credit card or accepted payment partner). You agree to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in your Account. Your failure to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date Account information, including having an invalid or expired payment method on file, may result in your inability to access and use the Services or Uber’s termination of these Terms with you. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Account, and you agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your Account username and password at all times. Unless otherwise permitted by Uber in writing, you may only possess one Account.

User Requirements and Conduct.

The Service is not available for use by persons under the age of 18. You may not authorize third parties to use your Account, and you may not allow persons under the age of 18 to receive transportation or logistics services from Third Party Providers unless they are accompanied by you. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Account to any other person or entity. You agree to comply with all applicable laws when using the Services, and you may only use the Services for lawful purposes (e.g., no transport of unlawful or hazardous materials). You will not, in your use of the Services, cause nuisance, annoyance, inconvenience, or property damage, whether to the Third Party Provider or any other party. In certain instances you may be asked to provide proof of identity to access or use the Services, and you agree that you may be denied access to or use of the Services if you refuse to provide proof of identity.

Text Messaging.

By creating an Account, you agree that the Services may send you informational text (SMS) messages as part of the normal business operation of your use of the Services. You may opt-out of receiving text (SMS) messages from Uber at any time by following the directions found at http://t.uber.com/SMS-unsubscribe. You acknowledge that opting out of receiving text (SMS) messages may impact your use of the Services.

Promotional Codes.

Uber may, in Uber’s sole discretion, create promotional codes that may be redeemed for Account credit, or other features or benefits related to the Services and/or a Third Party Provider’s services, subject to any additional terms that Uber establishes on a per promotional code basis (“Promo Codes”). You agree that Promo Codes: (i) must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner; (ii) may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public form or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by Uber; (iii) may be disabled by Uber at any time for any reason without liability to Uber; (iv) may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that Uber establishes for such Promo Code; (v) are not valid for cash; and (vi) may expire prior to your use. Uber reserves the right to withhold or deduct credits or other features or benefits obtained through the use of Promo Codes by you or any other user in the event that Uber determines or believes that the use or redemption of the Promo Code was in error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the applicable Promo Code terms or these Terms.

User Provided Content.

Uber may, in Uber’s sole discretion, permit you from time to time to submit, upload, publish or otherwise make available to Uber through the Services textual, audio, and/or visual content and information, including commentary and feedback related to the Services, initiation of support requests, and submission of entries for competitions and promotions (“User Content”). Any User Content provided by you remains your property. However, by providing User Content to Uber, you grant Uber a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, transferrable, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise exploit in any manner such User Content in all formats and distribution channels now known or hereafter devised (including in connection with the Services and Uber’s business and on third-party sites and services), without further notice to or consent from you, and without the requirement of payment to you or any other person or entity.

You represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User Content or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases necessary to grant Uber the license to the User Content as set forth above; and (ii) neither the User Content nor your submission, uploading, publishing or otherwise making available of such User Content nor Uber’s use of the User Content as permitted herein will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property or proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.

You agree to not provide User Content that is defamatory, libelous, hateful, violent, obscene, pornographic, unlawful, or otherwise offensive, as determined by Uber in its sole discretion, whether or not such material may be protected by law. Uber may, but shall not be obligated to, review, monitor, or remove User Content, at Uber’s sole discretion and at any time and for any reason, without notice to you.

Network Access and Devices.

You are responsible for obtaining the data network access necessary to use the Services. Your mobile network’s data and messaging rates and fees may apply if you access or use the Services from a wireless-enabled device and you shall be responsible for such rates and fees. You are responsible for acquiring and updating compatible hardware or devices necessary to access and use the Services and Applications and any updates thereto. Uber does not guarantee that the Services, or any portion thereof, will function on any particular hardware or devices. In addition, the Services may be subject to malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications.

4. Payment

You understand that use of the Services may result in charges to you for the services or goods you receive from a Third Party Provider (“Charges ”). After you have received services or goods obtained through your use of the Service, Uber will facilitate your payment of the applicable Charges on behalf of the Third Party Provider as such Third Party Provider’s limited payment collection agent. Payment of the Charges in such manner shall be considered the same as payment made directly by you to the Third Party Provider. Charges will be inclusive of applicable taxes where required by law. Charges paid by you are final and non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by Uber. You retain the right to request lower Charges from a Third Party Provider for services or goods received by you from such Third Party Provider at the time you receive such services or goods. Uber will respond accordingly to any request from a Third Party Provider to modify the Charges for a particular service or good.

All Charges are due immediately and payment will be facilitated by Uber using the preferred payment method designated in your Account, after which Uber will send you a receipt by email. If your primary Account payment method is determined to be expired, invalid or otherwise not able to be charged, you agree that Uber may, as the Third Party Provider’s limited payment collection agent, use a secondary payment method in your Account, if available.

As between you and Uber, Uber reserves the right to establish, remove and/or revise Charges for any or all services or goods obtained through the use of the Services at any time in Uber's sole discretion. Further, you acknowledge and agree that Charges applicable in certain geographical areas may increase substantially during times of high demand. Uber will use reasonable efforts to inform you of Charges that may apply, provided that you will be responsible for Charges incurred under your Account regardless of your awareness of such Charges or the amounts thereof. Uber may from time to time provide certain users with promotional offers and discounts that may result in different amounts charged for the same or similar services or goods obtained through the use of the Services, and you agree that such promotional offers and discounts, unless also made available to you, shall have no bearing on your use of the Services or the Charges applied to you. You may elect to cancel your request for services or goods from a Third Party Provider at any time prior to such Third Party Provider’s arrival, in which case you may be charged a cancellation fee.

This payment structure is intended to fully compensate the Third Party Provider for the services or goods provided. Except with respect to taxicab transportation services requested through the Application, Uber does not designate any portion of your payment as a tip or gratuity to the Third Party Provider. Any representation by Uber (on Uber’s website, in the Application, or in Uber’s marketing materials) to the effect that tipping is “voluntary,” “not required,” and/or “included” in the payments you make for services or goods provided is not intended to suggest that Uber provides any additional amounts, beyond those described above, to the Third Party Provider. You understand and agree that, while you are free to provide additional payment as a gratuity to any Third Party Provider who provides you with services or goods obtained through the Service, you are under no obligation to do so. Gratuities are voluntary. After you have received services or goods obtained through the Service, you will have the opportunity to rate your experience and leave additional feedback about your Third Party Provider.

Repair or Cleaning Fees.

You shall be responsible for the cost of repair for damage to, or necessary cleaning of, Third Party Provider vehicles and property resulting from use of the Services under your Account in excess of normal “wear and tear” damages and necessary cleaning (“Repair or Cleaning”). In the event that a Third Party Provider reports the need for Repair or Cleaning, and such Repair or Cleaning request is verified by Uber in Uber’s reasonable discretion, Uber reserves the right to facilitate payment for the reasonable cost of such Repair or Cleaning on behalf of the Third Party Provider using your payment method designated in your Account. Such amounts will be transferred by Uber to the applicable Third Party Provider and are non-refundable.

5. Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity.

DISCLAIMER.

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” UBER DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, UBER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR GOODS REQUESTED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. UBER DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND ANY SERVICE OR GOOD REQUESTED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, REMAINS SOLELY WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

UBER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE RELATED TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF UBER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UBER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LIABILITY OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF: (i) YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICES OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; OR (ii) ANY TRANSACTION OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER, EVEN IF UBER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UBER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING FROM CAUSES BEYOND UBER’S REASONABLE CONTROL. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIRD PARTY TRANSPORTATION PROVIDERS PROVIDING TRANSPORTATION SERVICES REQUESTED THROUGH SOME REQUEST BRANDS MAY OFFER RIDESHARING OR PEER-TO-PEER TRANSPORTATION SERVICES AND MAY NOT BE PROFESSIONALLY LICENSED OR PERMITTED. IN NO EVENT SHALL UBER’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED EUROS (€500).

UBER’S SERVICES MAY BE USED BY YOU TO REQUEST AND SCHEDULE TRANSPORTATION, GOODS OR LOGISTICS SERVICES WITH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, BUT YOU AGREE THAT UBER HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO YOU RELATED TO ANY TRANSPORTATION, GOODS OR LOGISTICS SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS.

THE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMER IN THIS SECTION 5 DO NOT PURPORT TO LIMIT LIABILITY OR ALTER YOUR RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

Indemnity.

You agree to indemnify and hold Uber and its officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or in connection with: (i) your use of the Services or services or goods obtained through your use of the Services; (ii) your breach or violation of any of these Terms; (iii) Uber’s use of your User Content; or (iv) your violation of the rights of any third party, including Third Party Providers.

6. Governing Law; Arbitration.

Except as otherwise set forth in these Terms, these Terms shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands, excluding its rules on conflicts of laws. The Vienna Convention on the International Sale of Goods of 1980 (CISG) shall not apply. Any dispute, conflict, claim or controversy arising out of or broadly in connection with or relating to the Services or these Terms, including those relating to its validity, its construction or its enforceability (any “Dispute”) shall be first mandatorily submitted to mediation proceedings under the International Chamber of Commerce Mediation Rules (“ICC Mediation Rules”). If such Dispute has not been settled within sixty (60) days after a request for mediation has been submitted under such ICC Mediation Rules, such Dispute can be referred to and shall be exclusively and finally resolved by arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC Arbitration Rules”). The ICC Rules' Emergency Arbitrator provisions are excluded. The Dispute shall be resolved by one (1) arbitrator to be appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules. The place of both mediation and arbitration shall be Amsterdam, The Netherlands, without prejudice to any rights you may have under Article 18 of the Brussels I bis Regulation (OJ EU 2012 L351/1) and/or Article 6:236n of the Dutch Civil Code. The language of the mediation and/or arbitration shall be English, unless you do not spe­ak English, in which case the mediation and/or arbitration shall be conducted in both English and your native language. The existence and content of the mediation and arbitration proceedings, including documents and briefs submitted by the parties, correspondence from and to the International Chamber of Commerce, correspondence from the mediator, and correspondence, orders and awards issued by the sole arbitrator, shall remain strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third party without the express written consent from the other party unless: (i) the disclosure to the third party is reasonably required in the context of conducting the mediation or arbitration proceedings; and (ii) the third party agrees unconditionally in writing to be bound by the confidentiality obligation stipulated herein.

7. Other Provisions

Claims of Copyright Infringement.

Claims of copyright infringement should be sent to Uber’s designated agent. Please visit Uber’s web page at https://www.uber.com/legal for the designated address and additional information.

Notice.

Uber may give notice by means of a general notice on the Services, electronic mail to your email address in your Account, or by written communication sent to your address as set forth in your Account. You may give notice to Uber by written communication to Uber's address at Vijzelstraat 68, 1017 HL, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

General.

You may not assign or transfer these Terms in whole or in part without Uber’s prior written approval. You give your approval to Uber for it to assign or transfer these Terms in whole or in part, including to: (i) a subsidiary or affiliate; (ii) an acquirer of Uber’s equity, business or assets; or (iii) a successor by merger. No joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you, Uber or any Third Party Provider as a result of the contract between you and Uber or use of the Services.

If any provision of these Terms is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any law, such provision or part thereof shall to that extent be deemed not to form part of these Terms but the legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions in these Terms shall not be affected. In that event, the parties shall replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or part thereof with a provision or part thereof that is legal, valid and enforceable and that has, to the greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or part thereof, given the contents and purpose of these Terms. These Terms constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter and replaces and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or undertakings regarding such subject matter. In these Terms, the words “including” and “include” mean “including, but not limited to.”

TERMS OF USE OF THE UBISOFT SERVICES
Menu 
TERMS OF USE OF THE UBISOFT SERVICES

 

Last revised: May 12th, 2020

 

“WE ALL PLAY BY THE SAME RULES”

 

WELCOME TO THE UBISOFT WORLDS!

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY.

 

Ubisoft teams create authentic and memorable experiences for our players to have fun, share and blossom through games, applications, web sites and online services (what we call our « Services »). To let you enjoy our Services, we crafted rules that apply to everything and everyone in our communities: you, other players and ourselves. You agree to this “Terms of Use” by using the Services and Content defined below.

 
1           What are the Ubisoft Services and Content? 

This Article gives a clear definition of the Services and lists the documents you should read before accessing them.

1.1        The Ubisoft Services (“Services”) include the games, downloadable contents, season passes, and other game software (contained on disc or other physical medium or downloaded or streamed), and other software products and online and mobile services, including their online functions and other features, together with any of their update and upgrade, the related websites, the Uplay platform and any other Ubisoft platform, the Uplay+ subscription service, the live events hosted, the servers, software and the framework through which they are provided to you, currently or in the future, by UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A., or any one of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies, including UBISOFT EMEA SAS and UBISOFT LTD. (collectively “Ubisoft” or “we”).

1.2        These terms of use (the “Terms”) govern your access to and use of such Services ("user" or "you"). By using the Services and Content (defined below), you accept and agree to comply with these Terms and any particular age and territorial criteria. Additional terms may be applicable to a specific Service, including for example the Terms of Sale of the Ubisoft Store, the End User License Agreement and code(s) of conduct (“Code of Conduct”). In addition, our Privacy Policy will give you a clear understanding of our use of the personal data we may collect from you during your use of the Services. Please make sure to read all these documents before accessing a Service.

« Content » means any elements which are part of the Services, including but not limited to in-game items, customization elements, maps, avatars, all gameplay, graphics, music and sounds, text, all messages or items of information, names, themes, objects, scenery, costumes, effects, dialogues, slogans, places, characters, diagrams, concepts, choreographies, videos, audio-visual effects, domain names. This includes elements created by you and other users, called User Generated Content (defined in Article 11); Ubisoft Virtual Currency (defined in Article 3.3) and Test Content (defined in Article 12).

1.3        The Services and Content are licensed to you, not sold. This means we grant you a personal, limited, non-transferable and revocable right and license to use the Services and access the Content, for your entertainment, non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with these Terms. 

 
2           How to create an Account and what do you need to know when creating an Account? 

This Article details the steps and safety rules applicable when creating a Ubisoft Account, and selecting a username and/or avatar to access our Services.

2.1        You may need to create a Ubisoft account (an “Account”) to access and use certain Services, including to play online. You can create one by supplying accurate, complete and up-to-date information, including a valid email address.

We may need to check the accuracy of these information, including by checking telephone numbers and e-mail address, notably to protect minors, other users and prevent risks of fraud. You agree to send the necessary documents (which may include a copy of your identity card or passport) by any means upon our request.

If You need information or have any question regarding Your Account, please visit https://support.ubi.com/Account or https://account.ubisoft.com.

2.2        Account Safety. Any use of your Account with your password, in particular any purchase of Services, will be deemed to be carried out by you.

To ensure your Account safety:

a)     Choose a strong alphanumeric password. For security reasons, we may refuse any password that isn’t strong enough to protect your Account.

b)     Choose a password that is different from any other password you use; and change it on a regular basis.

c)     Activate the 2-Step Verification and any other safety options we may provide in your Account settings.

d)     Never share your Account details (username, password…) with anyone. We will never ask you to reveal your password. 

e)     Never authorize anyone to access and/or use your Account.

2.3        You agree to inform us as quickly as possible at https://support.ubi.com of any unauthorised use of your username, password or other information of your Account and of any security violation involving the Services which comes to your attention.

2.4        Username/Avatar creation. You may need to create a username and/or avatar to access and use certain Services. They will be linked to your Account and publicly displayed. We therefore advise you not to include your real name in your username.

You cannot choose a username or an avatar which (i) is already used by another user or associated with another Account or (ii) contains “Ubi” or “Ubisoft” or the Ubisoft logo. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse any username and/or avatar you have chosen.

2.5        Multiple Accounts. You must not create multiple accounts, except if we specifically allow it. In such case, you acknowledge that you will close your additional Account upon our request, or that we may terminate your additional Account.

 
3           What conditions apply to your use of our Services? 

This Article highlights the specific conditions applicable to certain Services & Content (e.g. Forums, Virtual Currency) and certain means of accessing our Services (including mobile).

3.1        Forums. The Services may contain forums, information groups, chats or other types of online discussion areas (collectively known as “Forums”). When you use the Forums, you should be aware that your avatar, username and your messages will be public and viewable by any user who visits the Forums (unless you are in a private Forum). You send your messages at your own risk. You have sole responsibility for their submission, publication and dissemination.

Keep these security measures in mind when communicating with other users in the Forums:

    Never share information that can be used to identify you in real life.
    Never accept requests to meet in real life someone you have chatted with, especially if this person asks you to keep your conversations or the meeting a secret, and reject any invitation to join apps or channels outside the Services. 
    Report any behaviour or content you find suspicious or inappropriate, including chats you had with another user that made you uncomfortable.
    Make sure to talk to someone from your close circle   and use the blacklist feature, when available in a Service, to make sure you don’t receive unwanted messages.

3.2        Ubisoft Store. We enable you to purchase products via our online store accessible at https://store.ubi.com/ or through Uplay. We may limit your ability to purchase products based on multiple criteria including, but not limited to, your age, limited quantities of products available, etc. We may offer periodical promotions for which separate terms apply.

3.3        Credits, virtual currency. We may license to you access or use of online or off-line elements of Services, including without limitation virtual points, coins or currencies (collectively "Ubisoft Virtual Currency"). When you obtain Ubisoft Virtual Currency from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access and select the Ubisoft Virtual Currency that we expressly make available to you.

Ubisoft Virtual Currency has no monetary value and has no value outside of our Services. Ubisoft Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred, or exchanged for cash; it only may be redeemed for Content available on the Services. Ubisoft Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused Ubisoft Virtual Currency, except if required by law. Once you redeem Ubisoft Virtual Currency for Content, that Content is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable.

3.4        Wallet. We may make available to you on your Account an electronic wallet (the “Wallet”). Such Wallet is not a bank account nor a payment instrument and funds you may place on it:

    do not constitute a personal property right,
    can only be used to purchase Content and Services from us,
    have no value outside of the Services and cannot be exchangeable for cash, and
     are, unless required by law, non-refundable and non-transferable.

We may limit the maximum amount of funds:

    you may have on your Wallet;
    you may add per day/month on such Wallet; and/or
    you may spend using your Wallet.

We may update such limits from time to time, at our discretion.

3.5        Prepaid Cards. We may enable you to purchase and/or redeem prepaid cards to purchase Content and/or Services and/or fund a Wallet. You may not be able to fund a Wallet by applying the value of a given prepaid card if your Wallet already reached the limits mentioned in Article 3.4.

3.6        Technical Protective Measures – Internet connection – Digital Rights Management. We may protect certain Services by using technical protection measures and digital rights management, including for example, physical protection, watermarking, digital keys activation, direct entitlement. You may need a permanent high-speed internet connection to access online functions, play online and access and use some Content, including Content which may be unlocked once only with a unique key and certain Services incorporating Digital Rights Management technology.

3.7        Mobile Services. You may access certain Services via certain mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and other compatible mobile terminals. To do so, you must have the permission of the person who pays the bill for the mobile terminal, and be provided with Internet access via such mobile terminal. Use of your mobile terminal may lead to connection costs for which we are not responsible. Certain Mobile Services offer you in-game purchases and micro-transactions. Your comfort may vary depending on the capacities and functions of your mobile terminal and the communications network. We cannot guarantee a comfort equal to that experienced when connecting to the Services via other devices.

 
4           How can we modify our Services? 

This Article indicates under which circumstances we may modify our Services and Content, including their price.

4.1        General. We do not guarantee that the Services will be available at all times, in all locations worldwide, and/or on all devices. We do not guarantee that we will continue to offer any Service for any minimum period of time. We reserve the right to terminate all or part of the Services at any time.

4.2        Modification of Services price. We reserve the right to modify the prices of the Services, including from a paid Service to a free-to-play one and vice versa. The new price applies only to orders placed after it has come into effect.

4.3        Modification of access to Services and Content.

a)     We may modify the Content for any reason, at any time, in particular for technical reasons such as updates, maintenance operations or resets to improve or optimize the Services.

b)     We may ask or enable you to download software, updates, patches and/or other utilities and tools supplied by us or our licensors (the "Ubisoft Software").   We grant you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license enabling you to use Ubisoft Software solely for the purposes of use of the Services, throughout the world and for the legal period of protection of the Ubisoft Software under Intellectual Property Rights. We may specify terms of use for this Ubisoft Software at the time at which it is made available to you. The performances of the Ubisoft Software and Services may vary depending on your equipment. We may from time to time supply you with updates or modifications of the Ubisoft Software that may be necessary for you to continue to use the Services.

c)     Such modifications may affect the Services and/or your acquired rights or result in setbacks in the game environment.

d)     We may also:

    set a maximum number of days for which a Content will be stored as part of the Services;
    set a maximum volume of messages which can be sent or received by an Account;
    set a maximum memory capacity which will be allocated by our servers for your Account;
    set a maximum number of times you may access the Services, together with a maximum duration for each access during a given period.

 
5           What are our rules to sustain a friendly, safe and fair gaming environment and community? 

This Article details the rules of conduct your must follow and the behaviours which are forbidden, in order to keep a friendly, safe and fair gaming environment and community.

5.1        We want to offer you and other users a welcoming, safe and respectful gaming environment, both during gameplay and at any time in our Services. This is particularly important for us, as we have users of different ages within our Services, including minors. For you and other users to feel part of such a friendly, safe and fair community, you must follow these rules (the “Rules of Conduct”).

5.2        You may only use the Services for lawful purposes and for their anticipated use. You may not use the Services in any way that breaches any applicable law or regulation.

5.3        Here is a non-exhaustive list of forbidden behaviours that may lead to investigation by our staff and may result in sanctions (as detailed in Article 6):

1.     Create an Account with false registration information (email address, birth date, etc.).

2.     Create, use inappropriate username or avatar. This includes for example the use of names, images:

·       containing profanity, sexual references or hate speech language, condoning terrorism, fascism, child abuse; or

·       that are in any way religious, political or prone to creating controversy or division.

3.     Impersonate any user or our representatives. This includes for example :

·       create an Account with close similarity to another existing Account or user, with perceived intentions to impersonate such other user without his/her consent;

·       make comments or create an Account causing other users to believe they come from Our representative or from someone having similar authority.

4.     Abuse, harass, bully users and/or our representatives (i.e. our employees, members of our community (moderators, star players, etc.)) via any forms of communications, (including for example, via tools to create Content, via Forums, in-game chat or over  voice chat and communication), on any medium in the Services and/or on any third-party sites.

This includes for example:

·       Trolling (posting intentionally controversial or off-topic posts with the intention of provoking others),

·       Flaming (constantly insulting others),

·       Spamming (posting nonsensical or off-topic posts or the same or similar messages over and over again),

·       Using language or content deemed inappropriate, illegal, dangerous, threatening, abusive, offensive, obscene, sexually explicit, vulgar, defamatory, privacy-invasive, hateful, racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, ethically offensive or constituting harassment.

5.     Minors endangerment, and all inappropriate actions toward a minor, including :

·       grooming (encouraging users to commit inappropriate or illegal acts in and/or  outside a Service);

·       any comment, private message, UGC relating to inappropriate behavior toward minors, including for example physical or sexual abuse, pornography or any other disrespectful content;

·       any other actions or comments listed in these Rules of Conduct that are directed to, or are about, minors.

6.     Use any means not expressly permitted by us to collect or intercept data of other users within the framework of the Services. This includes for example:

·       phishing (attempting to obtain users’ personal information, information concerning an Account or other information of a private nature from any user);

·       doxing (revealing or otherwise reproducing or supplying to anyone another user’s personal information);

·       online sniffing (theft or interception of data by capturing network traffic).

7.     Use any element infringing our or anyone’s Intellectual Property Rights or other rights.

8.     Leak of information, i.e. create, use, share and/or publish by any means, in and/or outside the Services, any content which would breach a duty of confidentiality, infringe an individual’s right to privacy or incite the committing of an unlawful act (e.g. piracy, cracking or circulation of counterfeit software).

9.     Sell, rent, market, arrange, modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, translate, adapt, reproduce, distribute, disseminate, repost, transfer, index, copy, extract and/or automate any information, software, product or other element of the Content and/or Services by any means without our express prior permission.

10.  Modify, distort, block, abnormally burden, disrupt, slow down and/or hinder the normal functioning of all or part of the Services, or their accessibility to other users, or the functioning of the partner networks of the Services, or attempt to do any of the above.

This includes for example performing Distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks.

11.  Transmit or propagate any virus, trojan horse, worm, bomb, corrupted file and/or similar destructive device or corrupted data, and/or organise, participate in or be involved in any way in an attack on our servers and/or Services and/or those of our service providers and/or partners.

12.  Use or circulation of “auto” or “macro” computer programs including, without limitation, any use and/or circulation of any cheat, hack, bot, script, trainers programs or software applications.

13.  Use or circulation of the Services via a mirror site.

14.  Any other kind of tampering that gives a user (and/or teammate(s)) an unfair advantage (e.g. wallhacks, aimhacks) or causes detriment to other users’ experience.

15.  Exploit another broadcaster's live broadcast in order to gain an unfair advantage or harass a broadcaster in-game, such as stream sniping.

16.  Any conduct which interrupts the general flow of gameplay in the game itself, any Forum or any Service, including, but not limited to:

- spamming,

- “away from keyboard” (AFK),

- farming,

- advertising or soliciting other products,

- in-game harassment and bad sportsmanship, including but not limited to team killing, rage quitting, blocking players’ interactions and/or any other in-game behaviour meant to disrupt or interrupt the general flow of gameplay.

17.  Exploitation of any glitches or bugs which provide an unfair advantage over other users or which threaten the general balance or the economy of the Service.

18.  Benefit from the help of other users or offer help to other users to obtain an unfair advantage. This includes for example:

·       teaming-up with cheating users;

·       teaming-up with experienced users to increase your user level/statistics in areas of a game normally reserved to newcomers;

·       creating an alternative Account in order to team-up with newcomers or less experienced users in order to unfairly help them increase their level/statistics.

19.  Purchase and/or otherwise exploit and/or promote unauthorized third-party benefits, such as “Match Making Ratio boosting services”.

20.  Access or aim to access parts of the Services not authorised by us;

21.  Create, supply, use alternative methods of using Services, e.g. via server emulators;

22.  Repost any previously moderated content on the Forums or other Services.

23.  Voice Communication Blocking, purposely using sound to disrupt voice chat for others.

24.  Bypassing regional restrictions of a Service with the help of proxy, VPN or other tools.

25.  Making inappropriate use of the “help” service or the claim/report buttons or send untruthful reports to members of our personnel, including customer support.

26.  Fraud, reversal of credit card charges or "chargeback" resulting in debt. A chargeback can include credit card theft, identity theft, or non-approved use by family or friends.

27.  Scam, try to fraud or mislead others to gain goods or money.

28.  Buy, sell, rent out, share, lend, trade or in any other way transfer your Account and/or the means of accessing it and/or in any way allow an outside party to benefit from it, either within the Services or on a third party website.

29.  Refuse to obey the instructions of our representative.

 
6           What sanctions can we apply to prevent and fight forbidden behaviors? 

This Article lists some of the disciplinary and legal actions we may take to fight behaviours that are harmful to the gaming environment and community.

We may apply sanctions, in the event of violation of the Terms and/or of a Code of Conduct. The sanctions are decided on a case-by-case basis, based on multiple criteria, including but not limited to, the seriousness of the violation, the number of violations, and the impact of the violations on the Services, on other users and/or on our representatives.

Here is a non-exhaustive list of sanctions we may apply: 1. Issuance of a warning, 2. Disability of any username, avatar or password, 3. Reset of your in-game progress to a previous state, 4. Decrease of your Account level or of your level/points associated to a given Service, 5. Remove your Access from particular features (including chats) on one or several Services, 6. Issuance of a temporary ban of your Account from one or several Services, 7. Issuance of a long-term ban of your Account from one or several Services, 8. Prevention from accessing a specific or several Services on a particular device, and/or 9. Suspension or closing of your Account and/or your ability to use one or more Services, or part of the Services, as further described in Article 8.2.

We may use our own and/or third-party anti-cheat solutions to detect non-authorized behaviours and/or apply corresponding sanctions.

We may restrict your access to all or part of the Services should we suspect that you engage in unlawful behaviors inside or outside the Services, in order to keep a friendly, safe and fair environment for our users.

In addition, we reserve the right to take legal action on grounds of civil or criminal responsibility in order to stop a breach of your legal or contractual obligations and obtain compensation for our losses. In particular, we reserve the right to prosecute any user who has deliberately damaged or attempted to damage the Services or disrupted the legitimate functioning of the Services or provided assistance for so doing.

 
7           How can you report forbidden behaviors and content? 

This Article gives you the information necessary and the process to be followed if you want to report a Content which, in your opinion, violates these Terms and/or the intellectual property right of a third party.

7.1        Report Content in violation of these Terms.

If you consider that any Content made available on the Services does not comply with these Terms, you may report this to us by using the "Report" option, when available in the Service, or by contacting our customer support at https://support.ubi.com.

To assist us in quickly responding to your report, please include as much as possible:

    The date of your report;
    Your surname, first name, address, and email address;
    The identification and description of the Content which is, in your opinion, contrary to these Terms, indicating its precise location;
    An indication of the reasons why you believe that this Content does not comply with these Terms and should be removed from the Services, citing the Article of these Terms along with proof where possible;
    A declaration specifying that you believe that all the information in the report is correct.

7.2        Report Content in violation of Intellectual Property Rights.

We respect the Intellectual Property Rights of others and expect users to do the same. If you consider that any Content made available on the Services is violating your Intellectual Property Rights, you may report this to us by sending an e-mail to Copyright-infringement@ubisoft.com, indicating the information listed below:

    The information requested in Article 7.1;
    Evidence that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right(s) alleged to be infringed or if you are acting on behalf of your company, the type of the company, its name, its registered office and your function within the company;
    A clear identification of the work protected by your Intellectual Property Right(s) that you allege is infringed, as well as any element demonstrating the existence of your right(s);
    When applicable, information regarding any registrations of these rights or applications to register these rights, including the countries where registered or applied for, validity period and application or registration numbers;
    Copy of the correspondence sent to the author of the disputed Content requesting its withdrawal or modification, or a justification that the author could not be contacted.

7.3        Our response to your report.

After receipt of a report, we reserve the right to act as we deem appropriate. We notably reserve the right to delete and/or deactivate the Content reported and to ask you and other users to cease using such Content.

If we delete or deactivate any Content that you have published in violation of these Terms and/or of third parties’ Intellectual Property Rights, We reserve the right to apply sanctions as listed in Article 6.

Your acknowledge that knowingly wrongly making a false report of a Content in order to obtain its removal or to stop its dissemination on our Services is punishable by law.

 
8           Can your Account be terminated?  

This Article explains how your Account may be terminated by you or by us, and the consequences of such termination.

YES. Both at your intiative and ours.

8.1        Termination of your Account at your initiative.

You may terminate your Account at any time by filling the form at: https://support.ubi.com or close your Account at: https://account.ubisoft.com, using the “Account Information” tab, especially in the case where you do not accept these Terms or an updated version of them.

8.2        Termination of the Account or access to Service(s) at our initiative.

We may suspend or close your Account and your ability to use one or more Services or part of the Services, at any time, automatically and at our sole discretion where:  we have formally requested that you provide us with proof of your identity or to cease an action, behaviour, or breach of these Terms; we have reasonable grounds to believe that you have violated these Terms (including the Rules of Conduct) or any specific terms and conditions relating to any Service; for any other reason in relation to your actions in or outside of the Services; upon notification, where your Account has been inactive for more than six months.

Should you have more than one Account, we reserve the right to suspend or close all of your Accounts once one has been suspended or closed by us under this process.

8.3        Consequences of the Termination/Suspension of an Account.

    You cannot use the Services and Content anymore.
    You will lose, and we may delete, your profile and the related information you have passed on to us, together with any Content you may have published, uploaded, made available on the Services, notably your username, avatar(s), and UGC. 
    We reserve the right to store personal data relating to your profile for a reasonable period of time, as detailed in our Privacy Policy.
    We may not allow you to create an Account again without our express permission, at our discretion, through asking https://support.ubi.com.
    In the event of termination of your Account, you will no longer have access to your Account and you will lose all your save files and in-game progression related to the Services.
    In the event of termination of your Account or of Service(s) associated with your Account, no credit (such as for unused Services, unused subscription period, unused points or Ubisoft Virtual Currency) will be credited to you or converted into cash or any other form of reimbursement.

 
9           What about access to our Services by minors? 

This Article indicates how minors may create an Account and access our Services, with the help of their parents/ legal guardians.

9.1        If you are a minor in your country of residence, you should read these Terms with the help of your parent or guardian.

9.2        If you are a parent or guardian, we recommend that you monitor your children’s gaming activities, in particular online and that you familiarize yourself with the parental controls that may be made available by us and/or our partners. We encourage you to visit our “parents corner”, a page we have developed in collaboration with experts, players and parents, available at https://ubisoft.com/en-us/company/parents.aspx, to answer some of the frequently asked questions we receive and provide tips and guidance.

9.3        We may restrict access to certain Services on age grounds, and for minors under a certain age, we may allow you to register for certain Services only with consent from your parent or guardian.

9.4        As far as is permitted by law, we accept no responsibility regarding any activities which may be conducted by minors without the permission of their parents or legal guardians. In all cases, all use of the Services by minors is the responsibility of their parents or legal guardians. If you are a parent or legal guardian and you give your permission for your child to register for the Services, you thereby agree to the Terms relating to use of the Services by your child.

 
10        What Intellectual Property Rights are attached to our Services & Content? 

This Article informs you of the rights attached to our Services, Content and of our Submissions policy.

10.1     The Services and Content are protected by national and international laws and treaties. Except as expressly set out in these Terms, we, and our licensees and licensors, reserve our respective Intellectual Property Rights (defined below) in the Services and the Content. Any reproduction or representation of these elements in any way and for any reason is prohibited without our prior permission.

"Intellectual Property Rights" are patents, rights to inventions, copyright and related rights, trademarks, trade names, neighbouring rights, right of publicity, commercial secrets, domain names, rights in get-up, rights in goodwill or to sue for passing off, unfair competition rights, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights, topography rights, moral rights, rights in confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and including all applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world.

10.2     You may submit reviews, comments, suggestions, proposals, materials or other feedback (“Submissions”) on or outside the Services. We appreciate your enthusiasm but you acknowledge that we have no obligation concerning unsolicited Submissions, including but not limited to, no obligation to accept, consider, review or return any materials or acknowledge receipt of any Submissions. You agree that products, services or features developed or published by us might appear to be similar or identical to such unsolicited Submissions. 

 
11        What are the conditions applicable to the Content you may create / upload on our Services? 

This Article explains the different types of content you may create, publish and share on our Services, and the related rights you grant to us and to other users on such Content.

In certain Services, you may create, upload, edit, modify, adapt, publish and/or submit names, images, designs, skins, photos, videos, maps, music compositions/sheets, streams, activities and other materials ("User Generated Content” or “UGC”). You warrant that your UGC will comply with these Terms at all times, during and after its creation, and with any additional terms that may be applicable. This section will continue to apply after any termination of your Account and/or termination or suspension of a Service.

11.1     UGC that you produce from pre-existing Ubisoft Content (“Derived UGC”).

a)     We are the sole owner of all Intellectual Property Rights relating to Derived UGC.

b)     You hereby irrevocably assign to us, with full title guarantee, free of charge, all Intellectual Property Rights and rights of use you may have over Derived UGC, on a worldwide basis and for the period of protection of each right.

c)     We may file or register any application for Intellectual Property Rights relating to Derived UGC in our name, in all countries in the world.

In this respect, you must:

    sign and supply any document in particular, deed of transfer, requested by us for all registration purposes ; and
    provide all necessary assistance to us, at our expense, in any related action or procedure.

d)     In the event that a competent court rules that some or all of your rights in Derived UGC cannot be validly transferred to us, you hereby grant us a perpetual, royalty-free, exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable to other users, worldwide licence to use, copy, host, reproduce, represent, modify, display, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and, in general, otherwise exploit, online and offline, Derived UGC for any purpose, without you necessarily being mentioned as the source of such Derived UGC.

e)     You cannot use the Derived UGC other than under the Terms. We hereby grant you a non-exclusive and non-transferable personal licence, revocable at all times, to use Derived UGC you have produced throughout the world and for the duration of your use of the Services, solely in order to:

    record it on your console, computer, mobile terminal or any medium you use to access the Services,
    load it on the Services, and,
    share it with other users on the Services.

11.2     UGC featuring your image. If your UGC reproduces your image, you acknowledge that we have a right to use your image as part of the Services throughout the world and for the whole duration of the Services. If your UGC features the image of any person other than yourself, you warrant that you have received the permission of such person for the use of his/her image by us, and you indemnify us for any losses which we may incur in the event of a complaint, action or claim by such other person concerning the use by us of his/her image, derived from your UGC.

11.3     UGC you create independently from pre-existing Ubisoft Content (“Independent UGC”). You hereby grant us, and our licensees, distributors, partners, agents, representatives a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable (in whole or part) worldwide licence to use, copy, host, reproduce, represent, modify, display, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and, in general, otherwise exploit, online and offline, Independent UGC (including all Intellectual Property Rights therein) in whole or in part, for any purpose.

11.4     In all cases for both Derived UGC and Independent UGC.

a)     Unless otherwise specifically authorized by us, the ability to create UGC is part of the Service we offer and does not entitle you to any payment or any other kind of monetization/benefits (e.g. Ubisoft Virtual Currency, in-game items, etc.), including when the UGC is made available to other users;

b)     You warrant to us that your UGC:

    does not infringe the Intellectual Property Rights or other rights of any third party,
    does not constitute an act of unfair competition; and
    does not require that we obtain further licenses from or pay royalties or compensation to or provide any attribution to any third parties;

c)     You warrant that you are personally responsible for the UGC you create, use and/or publish while using the Services and that the indemnification provisions of Article 15.2 will apply to your UGC;

d)     Unless and until we remove your UGC, it may be associated with your username and will be made available to users; and

e)     To the extent permissible under applicable law, you waive your moral rights in all your UGC and any broadly equivalent rights you may have in any territory of the world, and you vouch for the obtaining of the same agreement from any other person who might invoke moral rights over your UGC.

 
12        Can you take part in our tests? 

This Article describes the general conditions applicable to your participation in our tests (including alphas, betas and playtests).

YES. We may propose that you test the Services or Contents not yet commercially released (for example during alpha and beta phases, playtests, etc.), in order to identify bugs and errors and/or help improve their functioning (“Beta Tests”). If you are eligible and agree to take part in a Beta Test:

a)     You will first sign and return to us a confidentiality agreement and any other document that we deem appropriate.

b)     You recognize that the beta version of the Contents and Services (“Test Contents”) belong to us and are highly confidential.

c)     We may ask you for your reactions and suggestions. All such reactions and suggestions communicated to us in the course of the Beta Tests will be our exclusive property.

d)     Test Contents are supplied to you “as is” and “according to availability” without any explicit or implicit guarantee of any kind. You understand that you use the Test Contents at your own risk, that they may include bugs and that your progression and data associated to the Beta Test may be erased at any time.

e)     You agree that any violation of your obligations for Beta Tests would cause us irreparable damage and that we would be entitled to take any action to prevent any breach or risk of a breach of your obligations or to obtain compensation for the damage incurred, without prejudice to the right to terminate your Account.

 
13        Do we monitor our Services? 

This Article explains how we may, but do not always, monitor our Services, in particular the opinions and comments expressed by users in the Forums or through UGC.

We are not responsible for and do not endorse the opinions, advice and/or recommendations displayed or sent by users on the Services, including in any public Forum. Such communications are the sole responsibility of the concerned users.

Subject to the applicable legal requirements, we do not undertake to monitor the Content, UGC, messages and other information made available on the Services by users. We may, though are not required to, oversee, monitor or moderate our Services, particularly on website home pages and Forums. In any event, we do not warrant the validity, originality, accuracy or usefulness of any Content, message and/or UGC.

 
14        Can you access our Services via third parties and third party content via our Services? 

This Article deals with the access to our Services via a third party platform (consoles, streaming services, etc.) and with how we may display to You third party content through ads on our Services.

YES. You may access certain Services via the services/platforms offered by third parties (i.e. console manufacturers, streaming services, etc.). The terms of these third parties will govern your behavior when you access the Services through their services/platforms and, in the event of a conflict with these Terms, the terms applicable to the services/platforms offered by these third parties take precedence.

We may also display certain third party products, services and/or content by inserting, in our Services, promotional links, advertising banners or any other advertising and promotional element, and may also carry out cross-marketing operations with any partner of our choice.

In both cases, we may not be held responsible for such third party services, products and/or content

 
15        In case of dispute, what conditions apply to liability, indemnity and compensation? 

This Article describes the limitations and exclusions that apply to our liability, and conditions under which we may indemnify You, or You may have to indemnify us.

15.1     Limitation & Exclusion of Liability.

a)     You expressly acknowledge that your use of the Services and Content is at your own risk.

b)     The Services are supplied “as is”, without any guarantees, conditions, warranties or other terms as to:

    their suitability for a particular use;
    their market value;
    the absence of interruptions or errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements, or that errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements will be corrected; and/or
    your satisfaction.

c)We hereby expressly exclude: all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and any liability for loss or damage suffered in connection with your use of the Services or any related third party service.

This includes all losses of any kind (direct, accidental, incidental, consequential and/or indirect), whether in tort (including for negligence or breach of statutory duty), contract and/or misrepresentation (whether innocent or negligent).

    Nothing above prevents claims for damage to your tangible property.

d)     Your sole remedy in the event of a dispute with us is to:

    if applicable, seek damages for your losses; and
    cease to use the Services and terminate your Account.

e)     When we acknowledge that a Content you purchased is unusable due to our fault, our liability will be limited to providing you with a Content of an equivalent value, chosen by us.

f)      Nothing above affects our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

 

IF YOU ARE AN AUSTRALIAN CONSUMER:

15.1 Limitation & Exclusion of Liability.

a) You expressly acknowledge that use of the Services and games is at your own risk.

b) Nothing in these Terms restricts, excludes or modifies, or purports to restrict, exclude or modify and statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Australian Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth). To the extent permitted by law, the Services are supplied "as is", without any conditions, warranties or other terms as to:

         their market value;
         the absence of interruptions or errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements, or that errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements will be corrected; and/or
         your satisfaction.

c) In particular, We do not exhaustively check Content, in particular UGC, or the words that you or other users publish via the Services, including without limitation on the Forums, or your actions within the framework of the Services.

d) To the extent permitted by law, and subject to the terms of this Article, we hereby expressly exclude: all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and any liability for loss or damage suffered in connection with the use of the Services or any related third party service. This includes: all losses of any kind, whether in tort (including for negligence or breach of statutory duty), contract, misrepresentation (whether innocent or negligent) or otherwise; direct loss; accidental loss, incidental loss; consequential loss; and indirect loss.

         Nothing above prevents claims for damage to your tangible property.

e) Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian consumer law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.

f) Subject to applicable laws and the terms of this Article, your sole remedy in the event of a dispute with Us or our licensors is to:

         cease to use the Services and terminate your Account; and
         if applicable, seek damages for your losses.

g) When we acknowledge that a Content you purchased is unusable due to our fault, our liability will be limited to providing you with a Content of an equivalent value, chosen by us.

h) Nothing above affects our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. 

 

15.2           Indemnity & Compensation.

a)     You agree to defend, indemnify and keep us and our licensors, licensees, assignees and successors in title and their respective employees, officers or directors, our respective subcontractors and Content suppliers (collectively the “Affiliates”) indemnified from and against any claim or alleged claim, all liabilities and damages and all costs, including lawyers’ fees, following and/or resulting from a violation of these Terms for which you are responsible, or related to your behaviour on the Services, including relating to your UGC.

b)     Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree to defend, indemnify and keep indemnified us and our Affiliates in the event of inappropriate or illegal use of your Account, including by someone you have authorised to use your Account. You agree to be held personally responsible for your use of the Services and for all your communications and activities on the Services, including the Forums.

c)     We reserve the right to take sole conduct, at our own expense, of any claim which you have indemnified us of or which may give rise to compensation by you. You agree in such case to fully collaborate with us upon request in defense of our interests. 

15.3     The provisions of this Article 15 remain valid and in force after termination of these Terms or of Your Account.

 
16        Is there other information you need to know? 

This Article contains additional information applicable between you and us, including modification of these Terms, consumer conciliation, law and jurisdiction and contact information.

YES. See below the other general information governing these Terms. If you do not find the information you are looking for in these Terms, you may find it at https://legal.ubi.com.

16.1     Modification of the Terms. We may revise these Terms at any time for security, legal, best practice and/or regulatory reasons. We will not use this right to make substantial changes to the Terms, affecting your rights, without giving you a chance to agree. If you do not agree to the changes made to these Terms, you shall terminate your Account as set out in Article 8.1. You should check for revisions to the Terms regularly as they are binding on you. Any use of the Services subsequent to revised Terms coming into force implies acceptance of the revised Terms.

16.2     Severance. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these Terms (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision shall, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms shall not be affected. If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision of these Terms would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it was deleted, the provision shall apply with the minimum modification necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable to reflect our initial intentions.

16.3     No Waiver. Waiver of a right or remedy may be considered to have taken place only after the signing by us and you of a written statement to this effect. No failure or delay by us to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.

16.4     Entire Agreement.

a)    In entering into these Terms, neither party has relied upon and does not rely on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (“Representation”) of any person other than as expressly set out in these Terms.

b)    Each party agrees that the only rights and remedies available to it arising out of or in connection with a Representation shall be for breach of contract.

c)     These Terms and all rules or instructions published online concerning a Service contain the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede and cancel any and all prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings, negotiations and agreements.

d)    Nothing in this Article shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.

16.5     Dispute Resolution.

Alternative Dispute Resolution. In the event of disputes or claims in connection with these Terms, the European Commission provides a platform, facilitating the independent and out-of-court settlement of online disputes between European Union consumers and professionals, accessible at the following address: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.

Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms, your Account and any disputes or claims arising in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. You irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any such dispute or claim.

16.6     Force majeure. We shall have no liability under these Terms if we are prevented from, or delayed in, performing our obligations or from carrying on our business by acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, strikes, failure of a telecommunications network, act of God, war, riot, pandemic, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, accident, fire, flood or default of sub-contractors.

16.7     Contact / Customer support. You can access these Terms at https://legal.ubi.com. For any question concerning these Terms, any Service or Content, you may contact us at: https://support.ubi.com.

 

THESE TERMS ARE APPLICABLE ONLY TO THE EXTENT AUTHORISED BY LAW.

Visa Solution Terms of Service

IMPORTANT: PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING VISA SOLUTION TERMS OF SERVICE ("TERMS"). YOU HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS IF YOU HAVE REGISTERED IN THE VISA SOLUTION OR ACTIVATED A CARD FOR THE VISA SOLUTION. THESE TERMS REPLACE ALL PRIOR TERMS IN RESPECT TO THE VISA SOLUTION.

1. The Visa Solution

The Visa Solution is operated by Visa U.S.A. Inc. (“Visa”). Contact information for Visa is included under Contact Us below.

As used in these Terms, the term "Visa Solution" shall mean all of the following: all Visa Click to Pay and/or Visa Checkout features, functionality and services, now available or added in the future, whether branded as Visa Click to Pay, Visa Checkout or a different name, and whether available through the Visa Solution website or mobile site as operated as a domain or subdomain ("Website") or through an application or functionality offered by an issuing bank or payment institution, merchant, or other third party (collectively, "Services"); the logos, designs, text, images, videos, graphics, software and other content and materials of Visa or its licensors available through the Visa Solution, and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, "Content"); and Visa's hardware, software and networks associated with making the Visa Solution available to you (collectively, the "Visa Solution System").

The Visa Solution offers you (i) the ability to store payment account and other related information such as e-mail address, mobile phone number, and billing and shipping addresses ("Card Details") for your Visa credit, debit and reloadable prepaid cards and other cards or payment methods that Visa has decided are eligible to be used with the Visa Solution ("Eligible Cards"); and (ii) the ability to use the Visa Solution to share your Card Details with merchants, or other third parties, that display the Click to Pay icon  where Visa is accepted or that display the Visa Checkout mark, to allow them to process a transaction. Visa may automatically update certain Card Details such as card number and expiration date, as provided by the financial institution or other entity which issued your Eligible Card(s) (“Issuer”).
Your Issuer may provide additional information about your Eligible Card(s), such as the availability of rewards points, installments options, and other Eligible Card(s) benefits. If so, we present this information to you in the Visa Solution as-is, as received from the Issuer of your Eligible Card. If you have any questions about this information, please contact your Issuer.  Where applicable, Visa will process your information to determine if you are eligible for these options or benefits, and to display these to you.

When you use the Visa Solution, we will transmit your Card Details to the merchant, or other applicable third party, in order to allow them to process the transaction. Visa may generate a numerical surrogate of your Visa Eligible Card payment account number (a token) to be used in order to help protect your Eligible Cards. You agree that the merchant or other applicable third party can transmit information about the transaction to the applicable network for your Eligible Card and that your transaction will be paid for using the Eligible Card you have selected.

You acknowledge that the Card Details stored or provided through use of the Visa Solution are provided by you or, in certain jurisdictions, on your behalf by your Issuer or a merchant or third party, and contain personal financial information. You may only use Eligible Cards in connection with the Visa Solution if your Issuer regards you as the cardholder or authorized user and your name is shown on the Eligible Card. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for the completeness and accuracy of the Card Details and other information you store with the Visa Solution or provide through use of the Visa Solution. You must only use valid email addresses and phone numbers owned or controlled by you. Although Visa may perform certain validation checks for Card Details for Visa cards, Visa is not responsible for the accuracy of Card Details or the other information you provide, including whether Card Details are current and up-to-date.

The Visa Solution is not a bank or payment account and does not offer any credit to you or a merchant. Any transaction that you make using the Visa Solution will be reflected in the account which relates to the Eligible Card you use for the transaction. Payment of that account is solely a matter between you and the Issuer of the Eligible Card.

2. Important Notice About Your Transactions
WHILE THE VISA SOLUTION HELPS FACILITATE THE TRANSACTION, VISA IS NOT A PARTY TO THE TRANSACTION AND THE PAYMENT TO OR FROM A MERCHANT IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE VISA SOLUTION, INCLUDING THE PURCHASE OR RETURN OF GOODS OR SERVICES, IS SOLELY BETWEEN YOU AND THE MERCHANT.

IF YOU REQUIRE A REFUND OR REVERSAL OF ANY TRANSACTION COMPLETED USING THE VISA SOLUTION, YOU MUST CONTACT THE APPLICABLE MERCHANT AND/OR THE ISSUER OF THE ELIGIBLE CARD YOU USED FOR THE TRANSACTION. PLEASE REMEMBER THAT VISA IS NOT A PARTY TO THE TRANSACTION, AND THUS VISA IS NOT ABLE TO RESOLVE ANY SUCH ISSUES THAT YOU MAY HAVE WITH THE TRANSACTION.

IF YOU HAVE A DISPUTE WITH A MERCHANT ABOUT A TRANSACTION MADE IN CONNECTION WITH THE VISA SOLUTION, YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SETTLING THE DISPUTE DIRECTLY WITH THE MERCHANT OR VIA YOUR ISSUER. DUE TO HOW THE VISA SOLUTION FUNCTIONS, VISA IS NOT A PARTY TO THE TRANSACTION.

3. Service Terms
The Visa Solution may not be available to all Eligible Cards. Furthermore, Visa may, in its sole discretion, remove Eligible Cards from the Visa Solution or prevent Eligible Cards from being activated for the Visa Solution, and Visa may also revise at any time the eligibility of specific or general credit, debit and reloadable prepaid cards and other cards or payment methods that constitute Eligible Cards.

4. Eligibility
The Visa Solution is only available to individuals who are:

(i) residents of one of the following jurisdictions: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China (mainland and Hong Kong), Colombia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Ireland, Italy, Kuwait, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, or the United States (including its territories), as each jurisdiction is made available (the "Eligible Jurisdictions");
(ii) the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction, province or territory of residence;
(iii) able to access the Internet on a computer or other device; and
(iv) the cardholder or authorized user of one or more Eligible Cards, and in good standing with respect to their Eligible Card accounts.
Access to the Visa Solution from any location where it is illegal or otherwise restricted is prohibited. If your jurisdiction of residence changes, you must promptly un-register from the Visa Solution and re-register with your new jurisdiction of residence if it is an Eligible Jurisdiction. If your new location is not an Eligible Jurisdiction, you can re-register when the Visa Solution becomes available in your new location.

5. Registration and Security

If you choose to register in or activate an Eligible Card for the Visa Solution, you agree to provide us with true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and update us if there are changes to the information. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, you acknowledge and agree that Visa will have no liability associated with or arising from your failure to maintain accurate information with Visa, including your failure to receive important information and updates about the Visa Solution. If Visa has reasonable grounds to suspect that any information you provided to us is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, Visa may suspend or terminate your registration in or use of the Visa Solution and refuse any and all current or future use of the Visa Solution (or any portion thereof) by you.

As a part of your registration, you are required to establish a username and in some markets may be required to establish a password. These pieces of data are used to authenticate you when you use the Visa Solution. If you are required to establish a password, for your protection, you should choose a password that is unique to the Visa Solution, and memorize your username and password and not keep notation of your password on or with your personal computer, tablet, mobile device or other device used to access the Visa Solution. You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your username and password(s), if any. In addition, if you choose to be remembered on your device or browser, or link your use of the Visa Solution with a digital wallet, on one or more device(s), you are responsible for protecting the safety of and access to such device(s). It is important that you do so since we are not responsible for any losses you incur as a result of unauthorized use of your Eligible Card and, depending on the circumstances, your Issuer may hold you responsible for unauthorized use of your Eligible Card account. You agree to notify Visa immediately of any unauthorized use of your username, password, if applicable, or Eligible Card in the Visa Solution, or if your device(s) on which you’ve chosen to be remembered, or linked your use of the Visa Solution with a digital wallet, has been lost or stolen or otherwise suffered unauthorized access, or any other actual or potential security breach relating to your use of the Visa Solution. Visa reserves the right to remove your Eligible Cards from, or suspend or terminate your use of, the Visa Solution and/or, if you have a password, require you to change your password, if Visa believes it is no longer secure.

You are responsible for use of your Eligible Cards in the Visa Solution and for ensuring that use of or access to the Visa Solution complies fully with these Terms.

You acknowledge that Visa may send a one-time passcode to your email and/or mobile phone to verify it's you when you use the Visa Solution.

We regularly review the security measures for the Visa Solution. However, we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via the Internet is entirely secure.

6. Cardholder Agreements

These Terms do not amend or otherwise modify any agreement with your Issuer in respect of an Eligible Card ("Cardholder Agreement"). In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and your Cardholder Agreement, these Terms govern as to the relationship between you and Visa solely with respect to the Visa Solution, and your Cardholder Agreement with your Issuer governs the relationship between you and your Issuer. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of the Visa Solution complies with any Cardholder Agreement.

7. Charges, Fees and Taxes

You are solely responsible for acquiring any hardware, device, software, wireless and Internet access, and other items required for you to use or access the Visa Solution, and any associated fees, expenses or other charges. Message and data rates may apply. You are also solely responsible for any interest, fees, charges or expenses from the Issuer of any Eligible Cards you use in connection with the Visa Solution and for any taxes or tax reporting obligations in connection with your use of the Visa Solution.

8. Privacy

Visa processes your personal information as necessary to provide the Visa Solution to you (as agreed in these terms of service), and for related purposes described in Visa’s Global Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice").  For more information about how Visa and its Affiliates collect, protect and share your personal information when you use the Visa Solution, and any data privacy choices you may have, please read the Visa Global Privacy Notice.

If you use other services operated by your issuer, a merchant or any other third party (including where those services are available through the Visa Solution), separate privacy notices may apply.

The Visa Solution uses Google auto-fill functionality to streamline the Visa Solution experience.  To the extent that Google processes your personal information, it does this in accordance with its terms of service and privacy policy.

You are responsible for ensuring the personal information associated with your account remains adequate and up-to-date.

9. Proprietary Rights

All ownership rights in the Visa Solution, including Content, is retained by Visa, its Affiliates and their licensors, and protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including intellectual property) rights and international treaties. All rights not expressly granted to you through these Terms are retained by Visa, its Affiliates and their licensors. Nothing in these Terms grants to you any right to use any of Visa's, its Affiliates' or any other third party's trademarks, service marks, logos or other indicia of origin. An “Affiliate” is an entity that is controlled by, controls or is under common control with Visa.

9. Privacy

For information about how Visa and its Affiliates collect, protect and share your personal information when you use the Visa Solution, please read the Visa Global Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice").

If you sign up for or use services operated by your issuer or another third party, such as a merchant or other party that helps facilitate the Visa Solution checkout experience, that may be accessible through Visa Solution, there may be additional or different privacy notices (such as your issuer's or such other third party’s privacy notice) which describe any additional or different data practices that apply to those services. Also, other Visa products and websites may have their own separate privacy notices.

10. License Grant

Visa grants to you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and otherwise non-transferable license to use the Visa Solution in accordance with these Terms for so long as you are registered in the Visa Solution. Visa may in its sole discretion suspend, discontinue or terminate this license at any time, for any reason All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by Visa, its Affiliates or their licensors.

11. Feedback

If you submit feedback or suggestions about the Visa Solution, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.

12. User Conduct

You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and other legal requirements that relate to your use of the Visa Solution. In addition, you agree:

to use the Visa Solution only as permitted by law;
not to use the Visa Solution in breach of these Terms;
not to disrupt or interfere with the security or operation of, or otherwise abuse, the Visa Solution, or any part of the Visa Solution;
not to attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the Visa Solution or portions of the Visa Solution that are restricted from general access;
not to use the Visa Solution in any manner that could be deemed false and/or defamatory, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or in violation of any third party rights;
not to reproduce the Visa Solution in any form, or store or incorporate the Visa Solution into any information retrieval system, electronic, mechanical or otherwise;
not to copy, emulate, clone, rent, lease, sell, commercially exploit, modify, decompile, disassemble, distribute, reverse engineer or transfer the Visa Solution or any portion thereof;
not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Visa Solution and/or take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large burden on the Visa Solution System, as determined by Visa in its sole discretion; and
to comply with any other requirements, restrictions or limitations imposed by Visa or by your Issuer from time to time.

13. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

THE VISA SOLUTION, IN WHOLE AND IN PART, INCLUDING ALL SERVICES, IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE VISA SOLUTION SYSTEM IS VIRUS-FREE OR THAT ACCESS TO THE VISA SOLUTION WILL BE FREE FROM INTERRUPTIONS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ASSUME SOLE RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE VISA SOLUTION, AND THE RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE THEREOF.

IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL VISA AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, CUSTOMERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AUTHORIZED AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "VISA PARTIES") BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR LOSSES INCURRED (INCLUDING COMPENSATORY, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES), HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE VISA SOLUTION AND/OR THESE TERMS, EVEN IF A VISA PARTY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR LOSSES.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE VISA PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR: (I) YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE VISA SOLUTION FOR ANY REASON, INCLUDING REFUSAL OF YOUR ISSUER TO AUTHORIZE, OR A MERCHANT TO ACCEPT, A TRANSACTION; (II) ANY GOODS, SERVICES OR INFORMATION PURCHASED OR RECEIVED IN CONNECTION WITH THE VISA SOLUTION, INCLUDING YOUR FAILURE TO RECEIVE OR INABILITY TO RETURN SUCH GOODS, SERVICES OR INFORMATION; (III) DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND A MERCHANT; (IV) ANY INACCURACY, INCOMPLETENESS OR MISINFORMATION CONTAINED IN ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE VISA SOLUTION, INCLUDING INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOUR ISSUER OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES; (V) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR ALTERATION OR LOSS OF, YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, DATA OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT IS COLLECTED, STORED OR SENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE VISA SOLUTION; (VI) ERRORS, SYSTEM DOWN TIME, NETWORK OR SYSTEM OUTAGES, FILE CORRUPTION OR SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS; OR (VII) ANY OTHER USE BY YOU OF THE VISA SOLUTION. IN ADDITION, THE VISA PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY FAILURE TO PERFORM ANY OBLIGATIONS CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS DUE TO, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, THE FAILURE OF ANY EQUIPMENT, TRANSMISSION OR DELIVERY PROBLEMS, OR ANY INDUSTRIAL DISPUTE, WAR, NATURAL DISASTER, ACT OF TERRORISM, EXPLOSION, ACT OF GOD OR ANY OTHER EVENT BEYOND OUR CONTROL.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, THE VISA PARTIES' CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU ARISING FROM ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF (A) YOUR ACTUAL LOSS OR (B) US$100 (OR EQUIVALENT IN LOCAL CURRENCY).

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER, EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIABILITIES AND DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, THE VISA PARTIES’ LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS EXCLUDES THE VISA PARTIES’ LIABILITY FOR (A) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY ITS NEGLIGENCE, (B) FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR (C) ANY MATTER WHICH IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR THE VISA PARTIES TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OR ATTEMPT TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY.

14. No Endorsements; Disputes with Merchants

Visa does not endorse or sponsor, and is not responsible for: (i) Issuers or operators of payment networks or digital wallets or other third parties that help facilitate the checkout experience or that you may use in connection with Visa Solution; (ii) the goods or services purchased or transactions made in connection with the Visa Solution; (iii) honoring or fulfilling goods or services purchased or transactions made in connection with the Visa Solution; and (iv) the merchants whose goods or services may be purchased or with whom a transaction is made in connection with the Visa Solution.

15. Third Party Websites, Content and Resources

The Visa Solution may be accessible via third parties that help facilitate the transaction experience, including their websites, domains or applications, and may permit you to link to or access direct connections to such third parties or third party websites, content and resources, including social media. You acknowledge that Visa has no control over, and does not necessarily agree with the views, opinions or contents of any such third parties or their websites, domains, applications, content or resources, which are made available by companies or persons other than Visa. You acknowledge and agree that Visa is not responsible for the availability of any such websites, domains, applications, content or resources. You further acknowledge that Visa is not liable to you for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of these third parties including third party websites, domains, applications, content or resources, including losses or damages suffered in connection with purchases processed through the Visa Solution.

16. Modification of the Visa Solution and these Terms; Termination

Visa may, in its sole discretion, terminate, change, modify, suspend, make improvements to or discontinue any or all aspects of the Visa Solution, temporarily or permanently, including the availability of any portion of the Visa Solution at any time with or without notice to you and you agree that Visa shall not be liable to you or to any third party as a result of taking any of these actions. Your continued use of the Visa Solution after any changes, modifications or improvements have been made to any or all aspects of the Visa Solution will be construed to be your acceptance of such changes, modifications or improvements, and the applicability of these Terms to the Visa Solution with such changes, modifications or improvements.

If you do not agree with any of these Terms, you must not use the Visa Solution. Visa reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify these Terms at any time. Visa may change these Terms by posting a new version with notice that we deem to be reasonable in the circumstances, including such notice on our Website or any other website maintained for the purposes of providing the Visa Solution. We will always post the most recent version of these Terms at the Website. The most recent modification date will be noted by the "Last Updated" date below. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, your continued use of or participation in the Visa Solution after any such modification constitutes your acceptance of these Terms as modified.

You may terminate your use of the Visa Solution at any time, including if you are not happy with changes we make to the Terms. You can un-register from the Visa Solution by following the instructions in the Customer Support section of the Visa Solution website. Visa may suspend, discontinue or terminate your access to or use of the Visa Solution at any time, immediately and without prior notice or obligation to you, (i) if you violate any of these Terms, or (ii) for any other commercially reasonable reason, in Visa's sole discretion. Visa shall not be liable to you for any suspension, discontinuance, termination, change or modification of your use of or access to the Visa Solution. Upon termination, you remain liable for all payments and other obligations you have incurred under these Terms.

17. General Terms

a. Notices.

You agree that Visa may provide you with notices and other disclosures in connection with the Visa Solution by email, postings on the Website or other forms of electronic communications. All electronic communications from us to you are deemed to be communications "in writing" and are deemed to be delivered to you on the earlier of the date actually received or five days from the date of posting or dissemination. We are not obligated to provide any additional hard copy communications to you related to your use of Visa Solution.

It is your responsibility to ensure that you check your emails regularly for communications from us. You must ensure that emails from us are not blocked on your email account, and also that the email address you have provided to us remains current. In addition, you authorize us to act on any instructions which are provided by you to us electronically.

You must have a Visa Solution account username to access information electronically or to conduct any activity regarding your Visa Solution account.

b. Waiver.

Our failure or delay to exercise or enforce any provision or right contained in these Terms shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision or right.

c. Entire Agreement.

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Visa and you with respect to your use of the Visa Solution.

d. Severability.

You and Visa agree that if any provision of these Terms is deemed unlawful, void (including by virtue of law) or for any reason unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

e. Interpretation.

Headings and captions are for convenience only and shall not be considered included for purposes of interpretation. Words such as "hereof," "herein," and "hereunder" shall mean and refer to all these Terms, rather than any particular part of the same. The term "including" shall mean "including, without limitation". Whenever used herein, the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and the use of any gender shall be applicable to all genders.

f. Relationship of the Parties.

Nothing in these Terms will be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship between you and Visa, and you do not have any authority to create any obligation or make any representation on Visa's behalf.

g. Indemnification.

To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Visa Parties from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, damages, fines and costs, due to, in connection with or arising out of your breach of these Terms.

h. Dispute Resolution & Governing Law.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Visa agree that:

(1.) if you are a resident of an Eligible Jurisdiction other than those in (2.) below, the following governing law and arbitration provision applies:

THIS SECTION CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION PROVISION. PLEASE READ THIS PROVISION CAREFULLY. IT PROVIDES THAT ANY CLAIM RELATING TO THE VISA SOLUTION OR THESE TERMS SHALL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION. IN ARBITRATION NEITHER YOU NOR VISA WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE CLAIMS IN COURT, OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON THE CLAIMS. CLAIMS MAY BE ARBITRATED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. PRE-HEARING DISCOVERY RIGHTS AND POST-HEARING APPEAL RIGHTS WILL BE LIMITED, BUT THE ARBITRATOR CAN AWARD DAMAGES AND RELIEF AS PERMITTED UNDER THESE TERMS.

Any dispute, cause of action, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the Visa Solution or these Terms, including the formation, interpretation, breach, performance, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity of these Terms, the validity and enforcement of this provision, and the determination of the scope or applicability of the agreement to arbitrate (referred to in this section h(1) as a "Dispute") that can be subject to arbitration, shall be resolved exclusively pursuant to the process and arbitration clause set out in this section. Any Disputes between you and Visa shall be resolved through binding arbitration; except that, if you are a US resident, you may assert claims in small claims court (if your claims qualify). This arbitration clause only applies to Disputes with Visa regarding the Visa Solution. If you have a dispute with your Eligible Card Issuer you must resolve that dispute with your Issuer.

Any arbitration between you and Visa shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures if you reside in the United States and JAMS’ International Arbitration Rules if you reside outside the United States, to the extent that those rules do not conflict with this provision. You may obtain a copy of these rules by contacting JAMS at 1-800-352-5267, by writing to JAMS at 620 Eighth Avenue, 34th Floor, New York, NY 10018 or online at www.jamsadr.com or www.jamsinternational.com/.

ANY CLAIM SHALL BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. THIS MEANS THAT BOTH YOU AND VISA ARE PROHIBITED FROM JOINING OR CONSOLIDATING CLAIMS IN ARBITRATION BY OR AGAINST OTHERS UNLESS BOTH YOU AND VISA AGREE OTHERWISE IN WRITING, AND YOU AND VISA ARE PROHIBITED FROM ARBITRATING ANY CLAIMS AS A REPRESENTATIVE OR MEMBER OF A CLASS. BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND VISA ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. The arbitration will take place before one arbitrator. The arbitration shall (i) be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration; and (ii) not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties. Residents of the Eligible Jurisdictions in the Middle East shall arbitrate in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties. The arbitrator will be mutually agreed upon by you and Visa. If you and Visa cannot agree on an arbitrator, the arbitrator will be appointed according to JAMS procedures. If for any reason a Dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration you and Visa both waive any right to a jury trial.

You may elect to hire an attorney, but are not required to do so. Each party will be responsible for its own attorney fees and costs, unless awarded by the arbitrator under applicable law. The party that initiates the arbitration will pay the filing fee (unless otherwise dictated by JAMS due to a finding of hardship). Visa will advance all other administration, case management and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration, through payment directly to JAMS. At the end of the arbitration, the fees paid by Visa may be allocated between you and Visa at the direction of the arbitrator in compliance with JAMS procedures.

All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision. Any decision of the arbitrator shall be final. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. Visa’s liability is limited as described in Section 13 above, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

These Terms and the rights of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware exclusive of conflict or choice of law rules.

If the arbitration provision in this section is found to be unenforceable, or the waiver of class action rights is found to be unenforceable for any reason in a case in which class action allegations have been made, then the governing law and forum selection provisions described in (2.) below shall apply.

The remainder of this section applies to US residents:

The arbitrator cannot award punitive or exemplary damages, except as may be required by statute, or any pre-award interest; nor may the arbitrator award any incidental, indirect or consequential damages, including damages for lost profits or harm suffered by third parties. Any relief afforded cannot affect other Visa Solution users. The parties acknowledge that these Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the Terms and this section shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C., Secs. 1-16).

(2.) if you are a resident of (i) Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Dominican Republic or an Eligible Jurisdiction in Europe, (ii) any Eligible Jurisdiction in which the arbitration provision in paragraph (1.) above is found to be unenforceable, or (iii) any other Eligible Jurisdiction where the waiver of class action rights is found to be unenforceable for any reason in a case in which class action allegations have been made, then the following shall apply: (x) any disputes, claims or causes of action arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the Visa Solution will be governed by and construed under the laws of the Eligible Jurisdiction of your residence; and (y) any disputes, claims or causes of action arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the Visa Solution shall be resolved within the competent civil courts residing within such Eligible Jurisdiction. Any mandatory consumer protection law remains applicable.

i. Assignment.

You may not assign these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Visa's prior written consent. Visa reserves the right to assign these Terms, and the rights and obligations hereunder, to any third party without notice to or consent from you. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable against you and your respective successors and assigns. You may terminate your use of the Visa Solution at any time, including if you are not happy with our assignment of these Terms.



j. Country Specific Provisions.
i. Argentina Residents Only

Consumer protection regulations provide that legal entities that market, sell, or provide services to consumers or users within the City of Buenos Aires and have an internet page, should include a link to the “Dirección General de Defensa y Protección al Consumidor.” In order to contact the “Dirección General de Defensa y Protección al Consumidor” for questions and complaints please go to: www.argentina.gob.ar/defensadelconsumidor.



ii. Austria Residents Only

Notwithstanding the paragraphs on limitation of liability in Section 13 above or any other statements regarding Visa’s limitation of liability, the following will apply to Austrian residents:

VISA'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES (SCHADENERSATZHAFTUNG) CAUSED BY SLIGHT NEGLIGENCE (LEICHTE FAHRLÄSSIGKEIT) SHALL BE EXCLUDED.

THE AFORESAID LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY MANDATORY STATUTORY LIABILITY, IN PARTICULAR TO LIABILITY ARISING FROM WARRANTY CLAIMS (GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSANSPRÜCHE), CLAIMS UNDER THE AUSTRIAN PRODUCT LIABILITY ACT (PRODUKTHAFTUNGSGESETZ) AND LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURIES (PERSONENSCHÄDEN). IN ADDITION, THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY IF AND TO THE EXTENT VISA HAS ASSUMED A SPECIFIC GUARANTEE OR A SPECIFIC OBLIGATION IN RELATION TO THE MATTER GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.

ii. Residents of People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administration Region, Macau Special Administration Region and Taiwan) Only

You acknowledge that the Visa Solution is only available for use by you in cross-border foreign currency transactions with merchants outside of the Mainland of the People’s Republic of China. Any merchants in the Mainland of the People’s Republic of China offering the Visa Solution are only authorized to do so for non-residents of the Mainland of the People’s Republic of China.

iii. Germany Residents Only

Notwithstanding the paragraphs on limitation of liability in Section 13 above or any other statements regarding Visa’s limitation of liability, the following will apply for residents of Germany:

VISA'S CONTRACTUAL AND STATUTORY LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY SLIGHT NEGLIGENCE SHALL, IRRESPECTIVE OF ITS LEGAL GROUND, BE LIMITED AS FOLLOWS:

(A) VISA SHALL BE LIABLE UP TO THE AMOUNT OF THE FORESEEABLE DAMAGES TYPICAL FOR THIS TYPE OF CONTRACT DUE TO A BREACH OF MATERIAL CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS;

(B) VISA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE DUE TO A BREACH OF ANY NON-MATERIAL CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND NOR FOR THE SLIGHTLY NEGLIGENT BREACH OF ANY OTHER APPLICABLE DUTY OF CARE APPLICABLE.
THE AFORESAID LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY MANDATORY STATUTORY LIABILITY, IN PARTICULAR TO LIABILITY UNDER THE GERMAN PRODUCT LIABILITY ACT (PRODUK-THAFTUNGSGESETZ), AND LIABILITY FOR CULPABLY CAUSED PERSONAL INJURIES. IN ADDITION, SUCH LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY IF AND TO THE EXTENT VISA HAS ASSUMED A SPECIFIC GUARANTEE.

SUB-SECTIONS (A) AND (B) SHALL APPLY ACCORDINGLY TO VISA'S LIABILITY FOR FUTILE EXPENSES.

YOU SHALL BE OBLIGED TO TAKE ADEQUATE MEASURES TO AVERT AND REDUCE DAMAGES.

iv. India Residents Only

The Visa Solution is offered in India by Visa Worldwide Pte. Limited.

k. Survival.
Despite termination of these Terms, these Terms continue to apply to any use of the Visa Solution by you prior to termination. Any sections of these Terms that by their nature should survive termination shall so survive any termination of these Terms or your use of the Visa Solution, including without limitation, the Dispute Resolution & Governing Law section.

l. Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about the Visa Solution, please visit the FAQ section of the Website. If the FAQs don't answer your questions or concerns, you can contact us by mail at Visa U.S.A. Inc., Visa Solution, 900 Metro Center Blvd., Foster City, CA 94404-2172, USA, or Email us.

Last Updated: May 27, 2021

© 2021 Visa. All rights reserved.
To access the Terms of Service effective through September 21, 2018, click here.

Posted on: August 22, 2018

Effective Date: September 22, 2018

 

Content guidelines

These types of sites are not allowed on Weebly:

●      Adult:  involving nudity in a sexual context, exposed genitalia or adult themes

●      Copyrighted Content:  music, movies or games that you do not own the rights to

●      Hate Speech: content that promotes violence or incites hatred against certain individuals or groups, such as race, religion, ethnicity, gender, or sexual orientation. The foregoing are examples, and not meant to constitute an exhaustive list of individuals or groups that may be the target of hate speech.

●      Spam/SEO:  a site whose sole purpose is to gain Google ranking, Facebook "likes", etc

●      Phishing:  a site meant to trick users into providing their username and password

●      Illegal Content:  content which may be illegal in the United States or under the laws of other countries

●      Scams:  get rich quick, pyramid/MLM, or other dubious schemes

●      Excessive Advertising:  placing excessive advertising on your site, including more than three ad units per page

●      File Hosting:  including sites that are not created with the Weebly editor

●      Injurious Experience:  sites using the "Custom HTML" element that provide a horrible user experience, such as extreme flashing banners, excessive animated movement, or content that could provoke seizures in unsuspecting visitors

●      Illegal/Inappropriate Products: sites that offer or sell items that are illegal, weapons, counterfeit, stolen, fraudulent, infringing, violate rights of privacy/publicity, offensive, pornographic, or manufactured/intended to be weapons

This list is a quick reference and is not meant to be complete. For more specific information, please read carefully the Terms below.

1. Acceptance of Terms

Thank you for using Weebly! These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are a legal agreement between you and Weebly (as defined below) and govern your use and access to Weebly’s website creation service, including our website hosting services, websites, communication tools, mobile applications, and ecommerce tools and other services (collectively the “Service”) that are made available through the website (http://weebly.com) and associated domains owned by Weebly (collectively, the “Site”) or otherwise made available by Weebly. By using the Service in any way, you agree to and accept these Terms, our Privacy Notice, and any other legal notices or guidelines posted on the Site. If you are using our Service for an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization. These Terms will also apply when you use the Service on a trial basis. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Service.

When these Terms mention “Weebly,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the Square company you are contracting with. Your contracting entity will generally be determined based on your Country of Residence. Your “Country of Residence” is the jurisdiction associated with your Weebly account as determined by either your express selection or by Weebly’s assessment of your residence using various data attributes associated with your Weebly account.

●      If your Country of Residence is the United States or Canada, you are contracting with Square, Inc., 1455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.

●      If your Country of Residence is Japan, you are contracting with Square KK.

●      If your Country of Residence is Australia, you are contracting with Square AU PTY, Ltd.

●      If your Country of Residence is the United Kingdom, Ireland or anywhere except United States, Canada, Japan, or Australia, you are contracting with Squareup International Ltd.

In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you are prohibited from creating or using a Weebly account or otherwise using the Service if you are not legally capable of entering into contracts, for example, if you are not the age of majority in your Country of Residence. If you are not the age of majority in your country or region, you may only create or use a Weebly account with the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian or alternatively through a special student account created by a teacher through education.weebly.com, provided the teacher has obtained signed consent from your parent or guardian.

2. Description of Service

Our web-based Service allows users who register for an account (each an "Account Holder") to create and update an online web site. Once registered, each Account Holder receives his or her own Web Site and may post "Content" (defined in Section 8). Any new features on the Service, including the release of new Weebly tools and resources, shall be subject to these Terms. To use the Service, you must have access to the Internet, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and you must pay any fees associated with Internet access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the Internet, including a web-enabled computer. The Service may include certain communications from us, such as service announcements, administrative messages, and the Weebly Newsletter. These communications are considered part of Weebly membership. You may not access the Service by any means other than through the Service interfaces we provide you.

3. Registration

To register as an Account Holder, you must provide us with a valid email address and other personal information ("Registration Data").You will choose a password and account designation for your web sites during the registration process and you will obtain a Weebly ID. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and for all activities that occur under your account. In consideration of use of the Service, you agree to maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete Registration Data. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if Weebly has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service or any portion thereof. In addition to the restrictions on selling set forth in Section 9 below, individuals under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating or using accounts through Weebly.com. Students under the age of 13 may, however, use Weebly through special student accounts created by their teachers through education.weebly.com, provided the teacher has obtained signed parental consent from the student's parents.

4. Weebly Privacy Notice

Our Privacy Notice (available at: https://www.weebly.com/privacy), which is part of these Terms, describes how we collect, protect, and use your Registration Data and certain other information about you. We encourage you to read the Privacy Notice, and to use the information it contains to help you make informed decisions.

5. Website account and security

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and web site, for all activities that occur or actions taken under the account or in connection with the web site. You agree to immediately notify us in writing of any unauthorized uses of the account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation. You acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances will Weebly or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, or employees be liable, in any way, for any of your acts or omissions or those of any third party, including damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

6. Proprietary Rights

The Site and Service are owned by Weebly. The Site and Service use and display content, features, and functionality, including but not limited to proprietary software, inventions, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, service marks, logos, slogans, and taglines, owned by Weebly or other unaffiliated third parties, that are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and/or other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. No portion of the Site or Service may be copied, reproduced, displayed, transmitted, or otherwise used for any purpose without the prior written permission of Weebly or the respective third-party intellectual property owner, or except as otherwise specifically provided herein. We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.

The Service, all confidential and proprietary software used in connection with the Service, Materials (as defined below), content contained in sponsor advertisements or in information presented to you through the Service or by advertisers, and all other materials and services provided by or through Weebly are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property laws.  You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of such Materials, including any “professional photos” or “free photos” made available through the Service, is done solely in accordance with all relevant laws, and any terms or conditions applicable to such Materials.  In no event shall Weebly be liable to you or any third party for your use of Materials in violation of law, or any terms or conditions applicable to such Materials.

“Materials” means any and all software, text, software documentation, designs, "look and feel," layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, messages, interactive and instant messaging, design and functions, files, documents, images, or other materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as all derivative works thereof, in each case, made available by or through Weebly or the Service.

You may use the Materials to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to access and use the Service in accordance with these Terms and, in the case of Materials owned by third parties made available to you by or through Weebly or the Service, any third-party terms or conditions applicable to such Materials. This permission does not permit you to store, copy, reproduce, republish, modify, upload, post, translate, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transfer, transmit, display, decompile, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decipher (or otherwise attempt to discover any programming code or any source code used in or with the Materials), or otherwise distribute in any way the Materials other than as specifically permitted in these Terms. You may not sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise attempt to transfer any right in the Service or Materials, create derivative works based on or in any manner commercially exploit the Service or Materials, in whole or in part, other than as expressly permitted in these Terms. Any use of the Service or Materials for any purpose other than as specifically permitted herein and in any relevant third-party terms of service is expressly prohibited. We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.

All trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, and taglines (individually and collectively, “Mark” or “Marks”) are the property of Weebly or their respective owners. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, no license or right to use any Mark is granted to you without the express written permission of Weebly or the respective third-party Mark owner.

“Professional Photos”- By purchasing and/or using any “professional photos” available through the Service, you agree that: (i) you will use such “professional photos” on your Weebly site only, for display solely in digital form; (ii) you will not sell, modify, re-use, re-sell, distribute, display, reproduce, or make any other use of such “professional photos”; (iii) where a “professional photo” features an individual and is used in connection with a sensitive, unflattering or controversial subject, you will include a statement that the image is used for illustrative purposes only and that the individual featured is a model; and (iv) you will not activate the “right-click” function in any “professional photo”, remove any metadata in any “professional photo”, or reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble your site to enable the download or use of any “professional photo” on a standalone basis.  In addition, you may not use any “professional photo”: (i) on a standalone basis with no other content; (ii) for pornographic, defamatory, or other unlawful purposes; (iii) to create or enable the creation of printed products; (iv) in physical or digital retail products, such as e-cards, calendars, posters, or screensavers; (v) to suggest or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation by or with any of the subject matter contained within the “professional photo;” (vi) for the purpose of enabling file-sharing of the image file; or (vii) in logos, trademarks, service marks or any other branding or identifiers.

7. Your rights in your Content

Weebly does not claim ownership of your Content (as defined below), but you give us your permission worldwide to host your Content on the Service and to perform all acts necessary to host your Content on the Service (such as making copies, reformatting, and distributing your Content). In other words, you grant us and our subsidiaries affiliates, and successors a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, and sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display your Content throughout the world in any media.

We do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Service or by email. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by an authorized Weebly representative, any material, information or idea you transmit to us by any means may be disseminated or used by us or our affiliates without compensation or liability to you for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. However, this provision does not apply to Content or to personal information that is subject to our Privacy Notice.

8. Content and conduct rules and obligations

All information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services or other materials you post on a web site via the Service ("Content") are the sole property of the person from which such Content originated. You are responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. We do not control the Content you post via the Service. Your Content does not include non-personally identifiable buyer/seller transaction or behavioral data derived from the use of Weebly’s eCommerce platform (collectively, “Platform Data”). Weebly owns all Platform Data and uses it for Service operations, improvements, and analytics. You are also responsible for creating back-up copies of your Content.

By using the Service, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will we be liable for your Content or the content of any third party, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in your Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service. You acknowledge that we do not pre-screen Content, but that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) to refuse, move or delete any Content that is available via the Service. We shall also have the right to remove any Content that violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable in our sole discretion. You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content. You may not rely on any Content created by us. You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect our rights, property, or personal safety and those of our users and the public.

The technical processing and transmission of the Service, including Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

You will not:

A.    upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that:

               i.         is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy (up to, but not excluding any address, email, phone number, or any other contact information without the written consent of the owner of such information), hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;

             ii.         you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);

           iii.         infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, rights of privacy or publicity, or other proprietary rights of any party (e.g., music, movies, images, e-books, or games you do not own the rights to);

            iv.         is unsolicited commercial email or "spam". This includes unethical marketing, advertising, or any other practice that is in any way connected with "spam", such as (i) sending mass email to recipients who haven't requested email from you or with a fake return address, (ii) promoting a site with inappropriate links, titles, descriptions, or (iii) promoting your site by posting multiple submissions in public forums that are identical;

              v.         contains software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other computer code, files, or programs that interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of the Service, computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or may impact the ability of any Weebly user to access the Service;

            vi.         is intended to take advantage of a user such as "get rich quick," "get paid to surf," pyramid/multi-level marketing, or other dubious schemes; or

          vii.         is adult in nature, such as any nudity in a sexual context or any Content with adult themes or reveals exposed genitalia;

B.    harm minors in any way;

C.     "stalk," “bully,” or otherwise harass another;

D.    impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Weebly employee, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;

E.     forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;

F.     interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Service;

G.    intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, federal or foreign laws or regulations. You must comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside. If you use the Site, the Service, or the Materials outside the United States of America, you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, including without limitation, rules regarding acceptable online conduct, data privacy, and export and import regulations of other countries;

H.    promote or provide instructional information about illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promote any act of cruelty to animals. This may include, without limitation, providing instructions on how to assemble bombs, grenades and other weapons or incendiary devices;

I.      use the Service as a forwarding service to another web site or to fraudulently manipulate Google or other SEO ranking or Facebook or other social networking or website “likes” and similar voting mechanisms;

J.      solicit a third party’s passwords or personal identifying information for unlawful or phishing purposes;

K.     exceed the scope of the Service that you have signed up for (e.g., by accessing and using the tools that you do not have a right to use, or deleting, adding to, or otherwise changing other user comments or content);

L.     include more than three ad units per page, or any advertising that greatly reduces the usability of the Site;

M.   upload files for the sole purpose of having them hosted by us and for use outside of a web site created using the Service (i.e., created with the Weebly editor);

N.    create a web site that provides an injurious user experience with custom programming. Examples include, but are not limited to, extreme flashing banners, excessive animated movement, or content that could provoke seizures in unsuspecting visitors;

O.    use, under any circumstance, any open source software subject to the GNU Affero General Public License v.3, or greater;

P.     Abuse our customer support email, chat, or telephone services or agents; or

Q.    Take any other action while using the Service that is detrimental to the Service or Weebly’s reputation, as determined by Weebly in its sole discretion.

We retain the right to terminate any account or user who has violated any of the above prohibitions.

9. Selling Through Weebly

Some of our Services and Materials may offer you the opportunity to sell or purchase goods and services through sites hosted or designed by Weebly (such goods and services, “Commercial Products”). We are merely providing the platform for buyers and sellers to conduct transactions for these Commercial Products. In order to sell through Weebly, you must be 18 years or older or at least the age of majority in your Country of Residence and you must provide your full legal name, current address, valid email address, and any other information requested by us. In the event of a dispute regarding account ownership, we reserve the right to request documentation to determine or confirm account ownership. Documentation may include, but is not limited to, a scanned copy of your business license, government issued photo ID, the last four digits of the credit card on file, etc.

When a buyer purchases Commercial Products, payments will be processed through our third party payment service provider. Buyers of Commercial Products will be provided a notice when entering their payment information directing them to the third party payment service provider’s terms of service and privacy policy. These payment services are governed solely by the payment service provider’s terms of service and privacy policy. We are not responsible for the actions of these third party service providers. In addition to the other rules and requirements described in these Terms, you must follow the rules listed below when offering, selling, or purchasing Commercial Products.

YOU WILL NOT offer or sell any Commercial Products that:

●      are illegal or potentially illegal, including those that are counterfeited, stolen, or fraudulent. Commercial Products sold using the Services must comply with all applicable laws, including Commercial Products sold to individuals outside of the U.S.;

●      infringe or have the potential to infringe the intellectual property or privacy rights of another or that may be libelous, slanderous, or otherwise defamatory;

●      we determine, in our discretion, are inappropriate, offensive, pornographic, sexually explicit, or violent; or

●      are manufactured as, or primarily intended to be used as, weapons, including firearms, restricted devices, or ammunition. We reserve the right to determine, in our sole discretion, whether Commercial Products constitutes “weapons” for purposes of these Terms; or

●      use images or names of any third party (including notable personalities or celebrities) when offering or selling Commercial Products without first obtaining that third party’s permission.

10. Fees/payment

You may agree to a one (1) month, six (6) month, twelve (12) month or twenty-four (24) month contract agreement with Weebly. Some of the features on the Service require payment of fees, as described for each Service on the Site (“Fees”). If you sign up for these features, you must pay all applicable feature Fees. We reserve the right to change our prices and/or bundle certain parts of the Service together for pricing purposes, and may do so at any time. You authorize us to make any reasonably necessary inquiries to validate your account and financial information.

All Fees are in USD and do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction (collectively, “Taxes”). It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, Taxes apply to the payments you make or receive, and it is solely your responsibility to assess, collect, report and remit the correct Taxes to the appropriate authority. If you purchase any Services that we offer for a Fee, you consent to Weebly, or our third party service providers, storing your payment card information and you authorize us to charge you (a) any Fees for Services you may purchase, and (b) any applicable Taxes in connection with your use of the Services to the payment card you provide, and you will reimburse us for all costs associated with the collection of any overdue amounts, including any interest due for the same. If the payment card you provide expires and you do not provide new payment card information or cancel your account, you authorize us to continue billing you and you will remain responsible for any uncollected Fees.

AT THE END OF THE CONTRACT TERM, YOUR CONTRACT WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW FOR AN ADDITIONAL CONTRACT TERM OF THE SAME LENGTH UNTIL EXPLICITLY CANCELLED BY YOU, AND YOUR PREFERRED PAYMENT METHOD WILL BE CHARGED ACCORDINGLY. YOU MAY TURN OFF THE AUTO-RENEW FEATURE FOR YOUR CURRENT CONTRACT AT ANY TIME. YOU MAY SEND CANCELLATION REQUESTS BY CONTACTING US THROUGH HTTP://HC.WEEBLY.COM OR BY CALLING OUR HELP CENTER AT ANY TIME.

11. Cancellation; Service Changes

If you cancel the Service, your cancellation will take effect immediately. After cancellation, you will no longer have access to your web site and we may delete all information on your web site. We accept no liability for such deleted information or content.

For as long as we continue to offer the Service, we will provide and seek to update, improve, and expand the Service. As a result, we allow you to access the Service as it may exist and be available on any given day and have no other obligations, except as expressly stated in these Terms. We may modify (e.g., change data storage or capacity limits), replace, refuse access to, suspend or discontinue the Service, partially or entirely, or change and modify prices for all or part of the Services we offer in our sole discretion. All of these changes are effective upon their posting on our site or by direct communication to you unless otherwise noted. We further reserve the right to withhold, remove and or discard any Content available as part of your account, with or without notice if deemed by us, in our sole discretion, to be contrary to these Terms. For avoidance of doubt, we have no obligation to store, maintain, or provide you a copy of any Content that you or others provide when using the Service. We also reserve the right to limit or cease phone or chat support to you if you consume a disproportionate amount of such customer services or otherwise negatively affect our ability to provide support to other customers (as determined in our sole discretion).

12. Money Back Guarantee

All paid Weebly accounts, except month-to-month accounts, include a 30-day money back guarantee. If you are dissatisfied with such account service for any reason, you can receive a full refund if you cancel your account within 30 days of activation, or within 30 days of your contract being renewed. Please direct refund requests to http://hc.weebly.com with the subject line: Refund Request. At any time during your contract term, you may upgrade or downgrade your service with Weebly. In the event of a service downgrade, a prorated credit will be issued to your Weebly account for the difference in the cost of the two services for the remainder of your original contract term. This credit will be applied to future months of service with Weebly, and cannot be refunded to you in cash. Downgrading your account may cause the loss of Content, features, or capacity of your account. We do not accept any liability for such loss.

13. Third Party Services, Software, and Websites; No Implied Endorsement

Weebly is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result of your use of any third party’s service, product, software, or website, including but not limited to any content thereon such as text, documents, designs, images, clips, photographs, videos, artwork, graphics, audio, audio-visual files, messages, interactive and instant messaging, posts, functions, files, documents, or other materials (collectively, “Third Party Materials”) whether or not you were linked to or directed to any Third Party Materials by or through the Site or Service. Weebly does not endorse or assume responsibility for any Third Party Materials and makes no guarantee regarding the reliability, accuracy, nature, origin, quality, or use of such Third Party Materials. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of any Third Party Materials, including those made available by or through the Site or Service, is done solely in accordance with all relevant laws, and the terms and conditions of any applicable licenses or other agreement.  In no event shall Weebly be liable to you or any third party for your use or alleged use of any Third Party Materials.

Further, Third Party Materials, such as email, e-commerce and payment services including but not limited to, Authorize.net, PayPal, Square, and Stripe payment options, may be subject to the applicable third party terms of service and privacy policies, and you are solely responsible for reviewing, agreeing to, and complying with any such terms before you use any Third Party Materials. Your use of any Third Party Materials is at your own discretion and risk. If you do not agree to the third party’s terms of service or license agreement, do not download or use the Third Party Materials. Your use of any Third Party Materials obtained through the Service does not transfer to you any rights, title, or interest in or to the Third Party Materials beyond the terms contained in the third party provider's terms of service or license. Any reference on the Site to any Third Party Materials is not an approval or endorsement by us of such Third Party Materials.

Third Party Payment Processors: Weebly uses third party payment processors to assist us in securely processing your personally identifiable payment information. Such third party processors’ use of your personal information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as the Weebly Privacy Notice. Payments are currently processed and managed using the third party vendors below. We will inform you which payment processors are used when processing your payments.

·                 Authorize.net - privacy policy

·                 PayPal - privacy policy

·                 Square - privacy policy

·                 Stripe - privacy policy

·                 Apple Pay - privacy policy

·                 Android Pay - privacy policy

Apple Pay and Android Pay are automatically activated for users who have selected Stripe as their payment processor. If you do not wish to accept Apple Pay or Android Pay as a payment type, it is your responsibility to deactivate Apple Pay and/or Android Pay. You can deactivate these payment options in your Store checkout settings. Your use of Apple Pay and Android Pay constitutes your acceptance of Apple Pay’s Acceptable Use Guidelines and/or Google/Android Pay’s (API) Terms of Service.

14. Themes

If you choose, you may contribute website themes ("Custom Themes") to the Service for use by other users. You hereby grant and agree to grant us an exclusive, perpetual, sublicensable, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to use, copy, modify, and create derivative works of any Custom Themes contributed by you to the Service, including the HTML code and associated media assets.

15. Designer Platform Terms

If you use our Designer Platform Service to design a web site (a “Client Website”) for a third party (your “Client”), your use of the Service shall be subject to the additional terms set forth in this Section 15.

A.    Your relationship with your Client is strictly between you and the Client. We will not be a party to any agreement you have with your Client. The manner and means that you choose to perform your services are in your sole discretion and control; however you agree to perform these services in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry practice and in conformance with these Terms.

B.    You accept full responsibility for all Client Websites under your account and for each Client Website’s adherence to these Terms.

C.     While we intend to allow you to resell the service under a private label, this private label is in no way guaranteed and we will in no way be held responsible for any failure to maintain its private label.

D.    In the event your Client contacts us, we will direct them to contact you. In the event you fail to support your Client and we receive a request from your Client stating that you have not been responsive, we reserve the right to support your Client directly.

E.     Payments for your use of the Designer Platform Service are calculated on a per website basis. Each Client Website under your account that is published live to a Client’s domain will incur monthly service charges. These service charges are billed to the credit card on file for your Weebly account.

F.     Service charges are billed each month for the upcoming month’s service, based on the total service charges of all Client Websites. If a new Client Website is published mid-month, a pro-rated amount will be included on your next month’s invoice.

G.    No refunds will be given for any days remaining in your current billing cycle.

H.    You understand and agree that you, as the Account Holder, are ultimately responsible for payment for every Client Website under your account. If, at any time, the billing obligations of any Client Website are not met, we will have the right to disable the Client Website until the billing obligation is met.

16. Resale of Service

You will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit any portion of the Service without our express written permission, which may be in the form of a separate written agreement with Weebly (such as the Weebly Cloud Agreement).

Weebly is often used by Designers to design websites for a third party. Such use is explicitly permitted under the Designer Platform terms above. Should you design websites for third parties on any other version of Weebly other than the Designer Platform, such sites must each have their own account controlled by the third party, and you may not group multiple client sites under one account owned by you.

17. Domain Name Registration, Domain Name Cancellation, and Change of Registrar

For the domain name registration services (the “Domain Services”) provided to you by Weebly, the following terms and conditions also apply (the “Domain Terms”). Your use of the Domain Services provided by Weebly serves as your consent to these terms. Some of the service packages include Weebly registering an Internet domain name or renewing your existing domain name (the “Domain Name”) on your behalf. For the purpose of procuring and/or maintaining domains, Weebly will act only as the agent between you and the domain name service provider responsible for domain name allocation (the “Registrar”), which will be Register.com. All new registrations and subsequent renewals of those registrations will therefore also be subject to the Register.com terms and conditions located at: http://www.register.com/policy/servicesagreement.rcmx. Weebly reserves the right to utilize another domain name service provider at any time, in which case the terms and condition of such organization will apply complementarily to these Domain Terms and such other domain name service provider shall be deemed a “Registrar” for purposes of these Terms.

 

Weebly may provide one (1) free domain name for up to one year, with a new purchase of an annual or bi-annual subscription plan. The domain will be included for the lifetime of your Weebly account, and the domain will be registered in your name and is yours to keep, as long as you cover any applicable domain registration fees following the first year. The free domain name only applies to certain top-level domains (e.g. .com, .net, and .org) when signing up for a new plan.

You are responsible for providing correct and complete data regarding the domain name holder (“Registrant”) and the administrative contact when registering the domain name. The technical contact in all cases will be Weebly, Inc. Before applying for a domain name, it is your responsibility to check that the domain name does not violate the rights of any third party or contravene any applicable law, rule or regulation. We may defer activation of a domain name until payment of the agreed fees for the registration services has been received. Weebly is in no position to influence the allocation of the domain name by the Registrar. We can neither guarantee that the requested domain names will be allocated to you and/or that allocated domain names are free of third-party rights nor guarantee their continued existence. Any information we provide regarding the availability of a domain name is based on the data provided by third parties and only refers to the time that information is requested. The domain will not be deemed as allocated before registration of the domain in the name of you, the Registrant, and its entry in the database of the Registrar.

The initial registration term for purchased domains may vary and such registration will auto-renew for successive 12-month periods. You will be charged for auto-renewal forty-five (45) calendar days before your domain expires (even if that date differs from your Weebly website subscription renewal date). You can, of course, opt out of auto-renewal by turning off the auto-renew option in your settings at any time before the auto-renewal takes effect. Each purchased domain name is registered in your name and is yours to keep, as long as you pay the applicable fees. If you purchase a new domain, or renew an existing domain, and cancel your purchase within the first thirty (30) days by contacting http://hc.weebly.com, you may receive a full refund. Your right and title to your domain name allows you to transfer a purchased domain to another domain provider; however, you will not be eligible for a refund of registration fees paid to Weebly for transferred domains. Regardless of the identity of the Registrant or any other contact information in your domain name records, any domain name registered through Weebly using your Weebly account is covered by these Terms.

Maintaining accurate and current billing information is a mandatory condition of maintaining your Weebly account. Such data must include the full and real name of the Registrant, a physical mailing address (PO boxes or anonymous addresses are not permissible), a valid email address and telephone number. If this information changes, you must immediately inform us of this change by updating it online. Please note that if your billing information, including your current credit card information, is not current, we will not renew your Domain Services and they may subsequently expire.

Subject to these Terms and those of the Registrar, you may transfer all domain names registered through us to another domain name service provider by following the online instructions provided by Weebly. Should we, due to failure on the part of you, the account holder, or the new domain name service provider, be unable to make the domain transfer to your new domain name service provider, we are expressly entitled to have the cancelled domain name deleted by the relevant domain name service provider after the cancellation date has lapsed, and we will not be liable to you or any third party for such deletion. We reserve the right to allow domain transfers only if you have settled all undisputed pending claims with us.

It may not always be possible to recover a domain name after it has expired, and Weebly has sole discretion in determining when a domain name can be renewed post-expiry and what fees will be applicable. If you forfeit a domain name for non-payment, Weebly will have the right, in its sole discretion, to: (a) register and use the domain name for its own purpose; (b) sell or transfer the domain name to a third party; or (c) delete the domain name and allow any new registrant anywhere in the world to register the domain name anew. Further, you agree that Weebly may charge the credit card you have on file with Weebly to recover any amounts outstanding on your account.

On certain occasions, domain name registrations may become the subject of a legal challenge. If Weebly is made a party to any legal action by virtue of one of your domain name registrations, you agree to be responsible for all of Weebly’s costs and legal fees and to indemnify and hold Weebly harmless from any action. If Weebly is notified that a complaint has been filed with a judicial or administrative body regarding your domain name, Weebly may, at its sole discretion: (a) lock or suspend your ability to use, make modifications to, or transfer your registration records; and/or (b) deposit control of your registration record with the appropriate judicial entity by supplying a registrar certificate from us.

You must notify us immediately if you lose the rights to a domain name registered by Weebly on your behalf.

18. Email Marketing Service

For the email marketing services provided directly to you by Weebly (the “Email Marketing Service”), the following terms and conditions also apply. Your use of the Email Marketing Service serves as your consent to these terms. Weebly may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Email Marketing Service if you do not comply with these terms.

Your use of the Email Marketing Service must comply with all applicable domestic and international laws. This includes the laws applicable to you and also laws applicable to Weebly and all recipients to whom you intend to send emails (each a “Recipient”). Examples of applicable laws include laws relating to spam or unsolicited commercial email (hereinafter “Spam” or “UCE”), privacy, security, obscenity, defamation, intellectual property, pornography, terrorism, homeland security, gambling, child protection, and other applicable laws. It is your responsibility to know and understand the laws applicable to your use of the Email Marketing Service and the emails you generate and send through the Email Marketing Service. Your use of the Email Marketing Service must also comply with the Privacy Notice applicable to the Email Marketing Service. Weebly’s Privacy Notice is available here.

You are solely responsible for your products and services and any other promotion and Content contained in or referred to in your emails sent through the Email Marketing Service. You agree to use the Email Marketing Service in a lawful, safe, and professional manner, consistent with industry best practices, including keeping reliable records. You are solely responsible for any and all statements you make and for all user assistance, warranty and support of your products and services.

Your use of the Email Marketing Service must follow all applicable guidelines established by Weebly. The guidelines below are examples of practices that may violate these Terms when generating or sending email or messages through the Email Marketing Service:

You will not:

A.    Use the Email Marketing Service in violation of Weebly’s Terms of Service or of any law applicable to you or your Recipients;

B.    Use the Email Marketing Service to send Spam. You must ensure that all Recipients have explicitly granted permission to receive emails from you by affirmatively opting-in to receive those emails. All emails and messages sent by means of the Email Marketing Service must comply with our Anti-Spam Policy, as outlined below:

               i.         Weebly has a no tolerance Spam policy and does not knowingly and intentionally do business with any user or company that participates in sending Spam/UCE. We do not sell or exchange personal information from our opt-in lists.

             ii.         An email is Spam if, among other things: (a) the Recipient’s personal identity and context are irrelevant because the message is equally applicable to many other potential recipients; (b) the Recipient has not verifiably granted deliberate, explicit and still-revocable permission for it to be sent; and (c) the transmission and reception of the message appears to give a disproportionate benefit to the sender.

           iii.         Spam is an issue of consent, not content. A Recipient should “affirmatively opt-in,” or expressly consent to receiving the message, either in response to a clear and conspicuous request or at the recipient’s own initiative.

            iv.         The U.S. CAN-SPAM Act regulates and establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives Recipients the right to have you stop emailing them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. Other international regulations and laws also apply to electronic marketing, and while we cannot give legal advice, we encourage you to become familiar with these laws, especially if you live in or mail to recipients outside the U.S.

              v.         If you receive Spam complaints or run into compliance problems, or if Weebly identifies a potentially problematic contact list, we will first ask questions to try to understand your business as well as your marketing goals. If we determine that a list is not consent-based or is too old or problematic to work with, we will require that it be removed from your account. In certain instances, we may ask you to find another service provider because our goals are simply not compatible.

            vi.         Please refer to our Email Marketing FAQ located in the Help Center for further guidance on how to become a responsible mailer, as well as the additional ways that Weebly helps protect against sending unwanted or unsolicited email.

          vii.         If you feel a Weebly user is sending unsolicited email, you can report it to us by sending it to abuse@weebly.com.

C.     Use the Email Marketing Service to request, collect or send any non-public or personally identifiable information about another user or any other person without their express prior written consent (or the parent’s consent in the case of a minor), illegal information, or any other information you do not have the right to request, collect or distribute;

D.    Use the Email Marketing Service to send email campaigns that link to or display pornography, other sexually explicit content, illegal goods or services, or any other Content that Weebly deems inappropriate in its sole discretion;

E.     Transmit any message, information, data, text, software or image, or other Content that is not owned by you or legally licensed to you, or is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable which may violate another’s right of privacy or publicity;

F.     Send through the Email Marketing Service any unethical, false or misleading advertising, promotions, or sales efforts and practices;

G.    Post or transmit any materials that contains a virus or corrupted data;

H.    Use purchased or rented email lists;

I.      Use third party email addresses, domain names, or mail servers without proper permission;

J.      Send emails to non-specific addresses (e.g., webmaster@domain.com or info@domain.com) or distribution lists, newsgroups, publicly available press or media addresses or purchased email addresses;

K.     Send emails that result in an unacceptable number of Spam or UCE complaints (even if the emails themselves were not actually Spam or UCE);

L.     Disable or fail to include a working “unsubscribe” link in every email, which allows the Recipient/s to remove themselves from your mailing list. Each such link must remain operational for at least 60 days after the date on which you send the message, and you agree that you will not remove, disable or attempt to remove or disable the link;

M.   Disable or fail to comply with any request from a Recipient to be removed from your mailing list within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of the request. You cannot charge a fee, require the Recipient to give you any personally identifiable information beyond an email address, or make the Recipient take any step other than sending a reply email or visiting a single page on an Internet website as a condition for honoring an unsubscribe request. As required under the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act and other applicable laws, you acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining and honoring the list of unsubscribe requests following termination of your Weebly account, for any reason whatsoever;

N.    Disguise the origin or subject matter of any email or falsify or manipulate the originating email address, subject line, headers, or transmission path information for any email. For any email or message sent by you using the Email Marketing Service, (a) the “from” line must accurately and in a non-deceptive manner identify your identity or your organization’s identity; and (b) the “subject” line of your email must relate to the email’s actual content and must not contain any deceptive or misleading content regarding the overall subject matter of the email message. You agree that you are the sole or designated sender of any email you send through the Email Marketing Service, pursuant to any law or act applicable to your use of the Email Marketing Service (e.g., U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation, S.C. 2010, c. 23 and Directive 2003/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002), and as such you are required to comply with such laws and any other laws in other jurisdictions that apply to your use of the Email Marketing Service, and be responsible for any violation of any such applicable laws.

O.    Fail to include in each email your valid physical mailing address (which if you are located in the United States, may be a valid post office box meeting the registration requirements established by the United States Postal Service) or a link to that information. For Recipients based in the EU, each email must additionally include the sender’s business registration number and VAT ID or a link to that information;

P.     Include “junk mail”, “chain letters”, “pyramid schemes”, incentives (e.g., coupons, discounts, awards, or other incentives) or other material in any email that encourages a Recipient to forward the email to another recipient; or

Q.    Fail to comply with export and import regulations for the U.S. and other countries.

Some industries yield higher than normal abuse rates for Spam. Thus, the Email Marketing Service may not be used on behalf of certain industries and senders. This includes, but is not limited to, the following:

               i.         Pharmaceutical products;

             ii.         Work from home, make money online, “get rich schemes”, and lead generation opportunities;

           iii.         Online trading, day trading tips, or stock market-related content;

            iv.         Mortgage and loan content;

              v.         Nutritional, herbal and vitamin supplements;

            vi.         Gambling services, products, or tips;

          vii.         Multi-level marketing;

        viii.         Affiliate marketing or any type of performance marketing, in which a business rewards or otherwise incentivizes one or more affiliates for each visitor or customer brought by the affiliate’s own marketing efforts;

            ix.         Credit repair and get out of debt opportunities; and

              x.         Counterfeit or “knock off” products appearing to be another brand.

It is your responsibility to ensure that the Content you put in your emails does not violate these guidelines. Although Weebly has no obligation to do so, we may monitor your account to ensure compliance with these Terms and operation within the acceptable industry standards. In our sole discretion, we reserve the right to block emails, remove Content, or prohibit use of the Email Marketing Service that may be in violation of the foregoing or of the Terms (including SendGrid Terms). You understand and agree that we and any applicable third party that supports, posts, publishes or distributes your emails and Content also has the right to reformat, edit, monitor, reject, block or remove any of your emails and Content and suspend or terminate the Email Marketing Service, in whole or in part, permanently or temporarily. In no case will the foregoing make us responsible or liable to you for compliance with any such laws or obligations, for which you remain solely responsible and liable.

If you know of or suspect any violations of these Terms, please notify Weebly here. Weebly will determine compliance with these Terms in its sole discretion and reserves the right, without notice, to take all measures of any nature (legal, technical, or otherwise) or prevent UCE and/or any other unauthorized email, messages or campaigns from entering, utilizing or remaining within our network. We may terminate the Email Marketing Service and your Weebly account at any time and for any reason. If your account is terminated, we may permanently delete it and any associated data.

In order to provide the Email Marketing Service, we currently use SendGrid’s API (www.sendgrid.com); hence, your use of the Email Marketing Service is also governed by SendGrid’s terms and policies, as now effective and/or as may be effective in the future (“SendGrid Terms”), including, without limitation, SendGrid’s Terms of Use and SendGrid’s Privacy Policy. SendGrid Terms are in addition to these Terms, and you shall comply with both as applicable to the Email Marketing Service. Weebly is under no obligation to notify you of any changes to the SendGrid Terms.  We may terminate any Third Party Service, including SendGrid, in our sole discretion at any time, without notice to you, with no liability to you or to the third party. Any such termination or any act by a Third Party Service may impact our ability to make available some or all of the features of the Email Marketing Service, and we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such actions.

We will obtain any information that you provide us in connection with your use of the Email Marketing Service, such as contact lists (including email addresses and any other information contained in such lists) and Content posted or used by you for the Email Marketing Service, or in any other manner. We acknowledge your ownership rights in such contact lists (“Customer Information”) and Content. We won’t sell or rent your Customer Information without your prior explicit permission or use your Customer Information for any purpose other than as described in our Privacy Notice and in these Terms. SendGrid may also use the Customer Information and other information provided by you as part of the Email Marketing Service, in accordance with the SendGrid Terms.

You hereby grant to us a revocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, use, reproduce, publish, distribute, perform and display Customer Information, only as required by us to offer and operate the Email Marketing Service.

You are solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability and appropriateness of all Customer Information. You are responsible for maintaining, securing and storing all Customer Information in accordance with applicable law and your contractual obligations, including these Terms. You represent and warrant that you own or have rights in the material in your emails and the Customer Information required for us to use the Customer Information as contemplated by these Terms.

When using the Email Marketing Service, you agree that any emails and messages and Content contained therein are non-confidential, and you automatically grant or warrant that the owner of such Content or intellectual property has granted to us (or sub-licensed to us through you) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display such Content or intellectual property in any manner or in any media now known or hereafter created, including in connection with our marketing and promotional activities.

To the extent permitted by law, we may make and preserve copies of all Customer Information as necessary to provide the Email Marketing Service and for internal back-up and other legal or regulatory purposes. However, we are not obligated to preserve copies of your Customer Information, emails and messages, Content or other data. You are responsible for backing up your Customer Information.

We make no representation or warranty that the content and materials on our website and/or the Email Marketing Service are appropriate for use in locations outside the United States. Those who choose to access the Email Marketing Service from other locations do so at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. We reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to limit the availability, quantity, and accessibility of the Email Marketing Service to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction.

19. Indemnity

You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Weebly, and its subsidiaries, licensors, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, employees, successors, and assigns (collectively “Indemnified Parties”) from any and all liability, loss, claim, damages, expenses, costs or demands, (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees), incurred or made against the Indemnified Parties by any third party in connection with any claim arising from or related to: (a) your use (or anyone using your account/s) use of the Service, the Site or the Materials, (b) your Content, (c) any Commercial Products you offer on or through the Site or using our Services, or (d) your use of the Domain Services. This includes, but is not limited to, any breach or violation of these Terms by you or anyone utilizing your account. You must fully cooperate at your expense as required by an Indemnified Party. Each Indemnified Party may, at its election, assume the defense and control of any matter for which it is indemnified hereunder. You shall not settle any matter involving an Indemnified Party without the consent of the applicable Indemnified Party.

20. Disclaimer of warranties

A.     YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

B.    WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OF DATA, CUSTOMER INFORMATION OR VENDOR DATA, REVENUE, OR OTHER HARM TO BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF DELAYS, MISDELIVERY OR NONDELIVERY OF INFORMATION, RESTRICTION OR LOSS OF ACCESS, BUGS OR OTHER ERRORS, UNAUTHORIZED USE DUE TO YOUR SHARING OF ACCESS TO THE SERVICE, OR OTHER INTERACTION WITH THE SERVICE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING AND BACKING-UP YOUR DATA AND INFORMATION THAT MAY RESIDE ON THE SERVICE. WEEBLY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.

C.     ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.

D.    ANY DATA, INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN OR MADE AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE KNOWLEDGE, EXPERTISE, SKILL AND JUDGMENT OF TAX, LEGAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONALS. THE SERVICE DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING SUCH ADVICE AND WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO DO SO PRIOR TO, AND IN CONJUNCTION WITH, USING OUR SERVICE.

E.     THESE TERMS APPLY SOLELY TO THE SERVICE. AS PART OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED TO OTHER WEEBLY USERS, WE HOST WEBSITES FOR CERTAIN THIRD PARTIES (“THIRD PARTY SITES”). THIRD PARTY SITES INCLUDE CONTENT GENERATED BY THIRD PARTIES AND ARE NOT UNDER THE MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF WEEBLY. WEEBLY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH THIRD PARTY SITES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ACCURACY, SUFFICIENCY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, VERACITY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS THEREOF, ANY LINK CONTAINED THEREIN, OR ANY CHANGES OR UPDATES THERETO, OR ANY GOODS OR SERVICES SOLD THEREON. YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE IS GOVERNED BY THE TERMS APPLICABLE TO SUCH THIRD PARTY SITE. THE HOSTING OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE BY WEEBLY DOES NOT IMPLY AN ENDORSEMENT THEREOF BY WEEBLY, OR OF THE PROVIDER OF SUCH CONTENT OR SERVICES, OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE.

F.     NEITHER WEEBLY NOR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, OR AFFILIATES WARRANT THAT THE SITE, ITS SERVERS, THE MATERIALS OR THE SERVICE, OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM THE SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, OR AFFILIATES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

G.    WEEBLY AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT THE SERVICES, MATERIALS, OR SITE ARE APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN ALL GEOGRAPHIC LOCATIONS.

21. Limitation of Liability

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WEEBLY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (a) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (e) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.

IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE SITE, THE SERVICE, OR THE MATERIALS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IS TO CEASE USING THE SITE, THE SERVICE, AND THE MATERIALS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER WEEBLY, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, YOUR CONTENT, THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY USER GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, ANY INFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF, OR RELATED TO, THE USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, YOUR CONTENT, THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR ANY THIRD PARTY USER GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.

22. Exclusions and Limitations

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 20 AND 21. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 20 AND 21 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

23. U.S. Government Restricted Rights

The materials on the Service are provided with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS." Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations. Use of the materials by the U.S. Government constitutes acknowledgment of our proprietary rights in them.

24. Agreement to Arbitrate; Class Waiver

We want to address your concerns or issues before filing a claim against Weebly. Please contact us at http://hc.weebly.com. We'll contact you by email to informally resolve the dispute. You or Weebly may start a formal dispute resolution process if a dispute is not resolved within 30 days of your submission.

YOU MAY ONLY RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND YOU WILL NOT BRING A CLAIM AS A PLAINTIFF OR A CLASS MEMBER IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION (E.G., CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR CONSOLIDATION WITH OTHER ARBITRATIONS).

Any claim relating to these Terms that is not resolved through our informal process, or as set forth below, will be resolved finally and exclusively by binding individual arbitration with a single arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”) administered by the American Arbitration Association (https://www.adr.org) according to this Section and the applicable arbitration rules for that forum. The Arbitrator shall be responsible for determining all threshold arbitrability issues, including issues relating to whether the Terms are enforceable, unconscionable or illusory and any defense to arbitration, including waiver, delay, laches, or estoppel. Subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, you may elect to pursue your claim in your local small-claims court rather than through arbitration so long as your matter remains in small claims court and proceeds only on an individual (non-class or non-representative) basis. The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, fully applies. If you are a consumer bringing a claim relating to a transaction intended for a personal, household, or family use, any arbitration hearing will occur within the county where you reside. Otherwise, any arbitration hearing will occur in San Francisco, California, or another mutually agreeable location. The arbitrator’s award will be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. While an arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief, the Arbitrator may do so only with respect to the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual party’s claim. An Arbitrator’s decision and judgment thereon will not have a precedential or collateral estoppel effect in any other case or arbitration. Weebly will reimburse the arbitration fees due to the American Arbitration Association for individual arbitrations brought in accordance with this section for all claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the Arbitrator determines that your claims were frivolous. If you prevail on any claim for which you are legally entitled to attorney’s fees, you may seek to recover those fees from the arbitrator. For any claim where you are seeking relief, we will not seek to have you pay our attorney’s fees, even if fees might otherwise be awarded, unless the Arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous. For purposes of this arbitration provision, references to you and Weebly also include respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors, successors and assigns as well as authorized users or beneficiaries of the Services. Subject to and without waiver of the arbitration provisions above, you agree that any judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions in consumer cases as discussed above) will be brought in and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state courts in the City and County of San Francisco, California, or federal court for the Northern District of California. If any part of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.

Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Service, or to enforce intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright, trademark, trade secret, or patent rights) without first engaging in our informal dispute resolution process or arbitration. In the event this agreement to arbitrate does not apply to you or your claim, any judicial proceeding will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California. You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in San Francisco, California.  REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BROUGHT BY YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO USE OF THE SERVICE OR THESE TERMS MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE OR BE FOREVER BARRED.

25. Notice to Users in California

We want to address your concerns or issues. Please contact us at http://hc.weebly.com so that we can address your concerns. You may also contact us at Square, Inc. (dba Weebly) 1455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, California 94103 USA. Additionally, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users of the Service from California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

26. General

We may provide notices to you via either email or regular mail. The Service may also provide notices of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service. If your Country of Residence is the United States or Canada, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within San Francisco, California. If your Country of Residence is the United Kingdom, Ireland, or anywhere except the United States, Canada, Japan, or Australia, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales.  If your Country of Residence is the Japan these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of Japan.  If your Country of Residence is Australia, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of Victoria. The failure of Weebly to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms). You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or other services, third-party content or third-party software. If any provision of these Terms or incorporated documents are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action brought by you arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. You acknowledge and agree that you are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Further, more than one person's claims may not be consolidated under any circumstances, in any form of any class or representative proceeding or otherwise.

27. Violations

Please visit our Abuse page to report any violations of these Terms.
Western Union: https://www.westernunion.com/it/en/terms-conditions.html
(accessed on Nov 23)

Online money transfers terms and conditions for Italy

Italy: Terms and Conditions for Western Union® Online Money Transfer Services

IT IS IMPORTANT FOR YOU TO READ AND UNDERSTAND OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE YOU ACCEPT THEM. THEY CONTAIN LIMITATIONS ON THE SCOPE OF OUR OBLIGATIONS TO YOU, AS WELL AS LIMITATIONS AND EXEMPTIONS FROM OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU MAY SUFFER AS THE RESULT OF A WESTERN UNION ONLINE MONEY TRANSFER. THE RESPECTIVE PROVISIONS ARE HIGHLIGHTED IN BOLD.

Our Terms and Conditions use the following definitions:

a.     "Bank Card" refers to a Visa® or MasterCard® credit card, or a debit card;

b.    “Business Day” refers to a day that is not a Saturday or Sunday and on which banks are open for general business in Vienna;

c.     "Card Issuer" refers to the issuer and the owner of a Bank Card;

d.     "Payment Method” refers to the options available to the Sender to fund a money transfer through the Western Union Online Service, which may vary from country to country and may include bank card, bank account and other payment methods.

e.     “Prohibited Purpose" refers to any unlawful purpose; including but not limited to, making or receiving payments for gambling services, gambling chips or gambling credits; or to sending a payment to yourself as the Receiver in order to evidence financial soundness (RISK OF FRAUD); or creating more than one profiles; or sending or receiving money on behalf of someone else.

f.      "Receiver" refers to the person named as the beneficiary of the money transfer (regardless as to whether this transfer was initiated by a Sender via the Western Union Online Service or by a person through another Western Union Money Transfer service);

g.     "Sender" refers to the person who initiated a money transfer through the Western Union Online Service;

h.     "Transaction" refers to every money transfer that You initiate through the Western Union Online Service;

i.     "Western Union", "We", "Our" or "Us" refers to Western Union International Bank GmbH and Western Union International Limited and in regard to Clause 9 of the provisions to the agreement and in references made to “Negligence or Fraud on Our behalf” also includes Western Union affiliates or agents insofar as these assume operations which otherwise would have to be performed by Western Union in order to provide the Western Union Online Service;

j.     "Western Union Online Service" refers to money transfer services which We provide through the Western Union Website or the Western Union Mobile Application;

k.     "Western Union Website" or "Website" refers to the Website which We operate in order to provide money transfer services and to the Western Union Mobile Application; and

l.     "You”, “Yours” or “Your" refers to every and any person using the Western Union Website as a Sender.

1.              ABOUT US

1.1.     The Western Union® Online Service is offered by Western Union International Bank GmbH (“WUIB”) in cooperation with Western Union International Limited. WUIB is an Austrian limited liability company with registered offices at THE ICON VIENNA (Tower 24), Wiedner Gürtel 13, A-1100 Vienna, registered with the Vienna Commercial Court under the Companies Registration Office Number 256187t. Its Data Processing Registration Number is 2111221. Western Union International Limited is an Irish company (number: TO 372428) with registered offices at Richview Office Park, Unit 9, Clonskeagh, Dublin 14, Ireland.

1.2.     Customers may obtain information about the addresses and hours of operation of the agents and local representatives by calling this telephone number: 800 789 124. WUIB can also be contacted at the following number (toll-free from Italy): +322 639 7065; or by email sent to Italy.Customer@westernunion.it.

1.3.     WUIB is subject to the supervision of the Austrian Financial Market Authority [Finanzmarktaufsicht] ("Financial Market Authority"), Otto-Wagner-Platz 5, 1090 Vienna, telephone number +43 1 249 59. More information about the Financial Market Authority is available on the Internet at www.fma.gv.at.

2.              OUR SERVICES

2.1.     Western Union Online Service offers money transfer services nationally and internationally. You must be at least 18 years old to use the Western Union Online Service and You must have your habitual residence in Italy. Each money transfer is given an individual transaction number, the Money Transfer Control Number or "MTCN".

2.2.     By completing and consenting to the information required to make a money transfer and by accepting these Terms and Conditions, the Sender instructs WUIB to execute a specific money transfer. Every individual money order constitutes a separate agreement between WUIB and the Sender which is limited to the execution of a specific money transfer. At no moment in time is a framework agreement concluded between Yourself and Us which obligates Us to execute individual and subsequent money transfers. The Sender shall inform the Receiver of the money transfer accordingly.

2.3.     Subject to statutory or regulatory requirements, We undertake to make funds available for collection by the Receiver at the latest at the end of such Business Day following the Business Day on which the funds were received (“Day of Receipt”). The moment of receipt is such moment when We receive the funds to be transferred and the fees associated with said transfer. For money transfers instructed in paper form the period extends by a further Business Day.  

2.4.     For money transferred (i) to a state outside the EEA or (ii) subject to a multiple currency conversion between the Euro and a non-Euro currency of a member state of the European Union or an EEA member state or (iii) which is not to be paid out in Euro, the funds are made available for collection by the Receiver at the latest at the end of the fourth Business Day after the Day of Receipt.

2.5.     For regular money transfers the funds are normally available for collection in minutes, subject to the business hours of the respective agent location. For some countries, the service may be delayed or other restrictions may apply. If You require further information, please contact the telephone number stated in Item 1.2 of these Terms and Conditions.

2.6.     The Western Union Online Service provides various options to receive funds including cash at an agent location, direct to a bank account or to a mobile phone, where available. Where  funds are to be paid out in cash the Receiver must provide adequate proof of his or her identity in addition to all transaction details required by Western Union pertaining to the money transfer, in particular the name of the Sender, the country from which the money was sent, the name of the Receiver, the approximate amount of money transferred and any and all other conditions and requirements that are mandatory at the Western Union agent location for the funds to be paid out, such as the MTCN (Money Transfer Control Number). The payment of funds to be collected will be made to the Receiver that Western Union or its agent deems entitled to receiving the money following verification of the identification documents. Payments may even be effected if the transaction information provided by the Receiver contains minor mistakes. Neither Western Union nor its agents compare the address details of the Receiver. At certain payment locations the Receiver may be asked to provide proof of his or her identity or answer a test question or both in order to receive the funds. Test questions do not constitute an additional security feature and cannot be used to time or delay the payment of a money transfer and are prohibited in certain countries. For transactions to a bank account or to a mobile phone Western Union will transfer the funds to the account information provided by the Sender. In the event of an inconsistency between the holder of the account number (including mobile phone numbers for mobile phone accounts) and the name of the intended Receiver, the transfer will be credited to the account number provided by the Sender.

2.7.     Applicable law prohibits money transmitters from doing business with certain individuals or countries; Western Union is required to screen all Transactions against lists of names provided by the governments of the countries and territories in which We do business, including the US Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the European Union. If a potential match is identified, Western Union researches the Transaction to determine if the name matched is indeed the individual on the relevant list. For this purpose, Western Union is entitled to request from the Sender or the designated Receiver additional details and proof of identification which may cause the Transaction to be delayed. This is a legal requirement for all Transactions processed by Western Union (including transfers that originate and terminate outside of the US).

2.8.     Transfer Fees: Written information explaining how Western Union charges the Sender for making a money transfer is available on the transactional Western Union Website and is shown to the Sender prior to completion of the payment order. The specific transfer fees for a money transaction are indicated in the “Send Money Online” field at www.westernunion.com. Simply select Your destination country, enter the amount to be transferred and click on “Calculate”. The Sender shall bear all fees due to complete the money transfer unless applicable law in the destination country requires otherwise. In certain cases money transfer payments may be subject to local taxes and service charges. The Receiver may incur additional fees for receiving the Sender’s funds through an account-based money transfer, a mobile telephone or to a bank account. Money transfers should be sent to a local (Receiver’s) currency account, otherwise the receiving institution (where the Receiver has his or her account) may convert the funds at its own exchange rate or may even reject the money transfer. The Receiver’s agreement with his or her mobile phone service provider, mWallet account provider or other account provider governs the account and determines their rights, obligations, applicable fees, funds availability and account limitations. In the event of an inconsistency between the holder of the account number (including mobile phone numbers for mobile phone accounts) and the name of the intended Receiver, the transfer will be credited to the account number provided by the Sender. Western Union may charge additional fees associated with the use of an account for sending or receiving a money transfer. Western Union does not assume any liability pertaining to costs which the Sender or any account holder incur in conjunction with the exchange rate used for the conversion into non-local currencies or for actions or omissions on behalf of the destination or interim financial services provider.

2.9.     Foreign exchange

a.     Money transfer payments will normally be made in the currency of the destination country (in some countries payment is available only in an alternative currency). All currency is converted at Western Union’s then current rate of exchange. Western Union calculates its rate of exchange based on commercially available interbank rates plus a margin. Most exchange rates are adjusted several times daily in line with the relevant closing rates of global financial markets. The exchange rate for a money transfer is indicated to You at www.westernunion.com after selecting the destination country in the “Send Money Online” field, entering the amount that You intend to transfer and clicking on “Calculate”.

b.     The currency will be converted at the time of the transfer and the Receiver will receive the foreign currency amount shown during the transfer process. However, in some countries local regulations require money transfers to be converted only when they are paid out. If the Sender is sending the funds to one of these countries, the exchange rate noted above is only an estimate, and the actual exchange rate will be determined at the time of payment. Western Union agents may offer Receivers the choice to receive funds in a currency different from the one the Sender selected. In such instances, Western Union (or its agents, the mobile phone provider, or account provider) may collect additional money when they convert the Sender’s funds into the currency selected by the Receiver. If the Sender chooses a payment currency different from the national currency of the destination country, the payment currency chosen may not be available at all payment locations in that country, or may not be available in small enough denominations to pay all of the money transfer. In such cases, the paying agent may pay all or part of the Sender’s money transfer in national currency. Western Union’s exchange rate may be less favourable than some publicly reported commercial exchange rates used in transactions between banks or other financial institutions. Any difference between the currency exchange rate offered to customers and the currency exchange rate received by Western Union will be kept by Western Union (and, in some instances, its agents, mobile phone provider, or account provider) in addition to the transfer fees. Additional information about exchange rates for specific destination countries can be obtained by calling the toll-free telephone number listed below or from Our Website.

2.10.     SMS – Western Union may offer free SMS notification in some countries to indicate (to the Sender) that the transferred funds have been collected by the Receiver or that funds are available for collection (to the Receiver). Charges applied by the telephone service provider are the exclusive responsibility of the Sender or Receiver. Western Union is not responsible for any charges associated with SMS messages. If permitted by applicable law, the SMS will be sent to the Sender’s and/or the Receiver’s mobile number provided at the time of transaction. Western Union will send SMS messages to a gateway for forwarding, however forwarding is the responsibility of third parties, and cannot be guaranteed. Western Union is not responsible for technical malfunctions that occur outside of its proprietary systems.

3.              OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO YOU

3.1.     We declare Our willingness to provide to You the money transfer services and the respective information in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in the form of individual payments and to exercise reasonable care.

3.2.     We are not obliged to accept any instruction to execute any Transaction and we will not be liable in any way for declining any such instruction or for withdrawing, terminating or restricting our services to You in any way. These Terms and Conditions shall, however apply to any instruction which we choose to accept.

3.3.     We do not assume any liability for:

a.     goods or services which You pay for using the Western Union Online Service, and here in particular their delivery;

b.     malfunctions in communication facilities over which We have no control;

c.     the loss of data or the delay in transmissions caused by using an Internet service provider or a browser or other software over which We have no control;

d.     the services provided by Your Card Issuer;

e.     viruses originating from third parties;

f.     errors on the Western Union Site or with the Western Union Online Service that are the result of incomplete or wrong information that You or a third party provided;

g.     the unauthorised use or interception of information prior to reaching the Website; or

h.     the unauthorised use of or unauthorised access to data in conjunction with Yourself or Your Transactions which We process unless such use or such access is the result of negligence on Our behalf.

3.4.     Notwithstanding any prior agreement to initiate a money transfer, We are under no obligation towards You to initiate or execute a money transfer if:

a.     We are unable to obtain sufficient evidence of Your identity;

b.     We have reason to believe that the Transaction information is incorrect, unauthorised or forged;

c.     You have provided Us with wrong or incomplete information or We do not receive Your Transaction information in a timely manner in order to guarantee the timely execution of the requested money transfer; or

d.     Your Card Issuer does not authorise the use of Your Bank Card to pay for the Transaction and Our fees.

We do not assume any liability for damages caused from the non-payment or late payment of a money transfer to a Receiver subject to Our liability pursuant to Item 8 or if the Western Union Online Service fails to execute a Transaction by reason of any of these matters.

3.5.    We have the right to refuse to provide the Western Union Online Service to You either partially or in full if such use constitutes a violation against Western Union regulations (incl. regulations aimed at preventing fraud, money laundering or financing terrorism) and/or against applicable law, a court order or requirements of a regulatory or government authority or any other body having jurisdiction over us or, if We consider such a step necessary to protect Our own interests. If We refused to provide the Western Union Online Service (partially or in full) to You for any of the above reasons, We will notify You accordingly if possible and give reasons for Our refusal unless We are prevented from doing so for legal reasons.

3.6.     We are entitled to either partially or fully cease operating the Western Union Website or the Western Union Online Service if circumstances that are beyond Our control compel Us to take such action and which We therefore consider appropriate (“Events Outside Our Control”). If the services provided on the Western Union Website or by the Western Union Online Service should be interrupted for whatever reason (whether by Us, a third-party provider or in any other manner), We shall take adequate measures to keep the duration of this interruption as short as possible.

3.7.     Our communication with You is normally conducted via the Internet and by e-mail. However, this has no effect on Your right to contact Us in any other form (see clause 1.2 above) if circumstances require this.

4.              YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TOWARDS US

4.1.     You declare that You will pay to Us Our fees (see also Item 2.8 above) for every money transfer which You initiate via the Western Union Online Service.

4.2.     You must settle the basic amount of a money transfer plus Our fees with a Bank Card or from Your bank account (insofar as WUIB permits an account-based money transfer). You consent to the basic amount of the money transfer plus Our fees for the respective Transaction being cleared by Your Card Issuer, or that this amount is transferred from Your bank account, to Us, prior to Us executing the transfer or any other Transaction. Prior to the final authorisation of the Transaction You will be notified of the precise amount which We will clear with Your Card Issuer or which We will debit from Your bank account.

4.3.     You consent to and acknowledge the following:

a.     The information provided in order to effect an online money transfer is true, accurate, current and complete;

b.     You must share the Transaction data (amount of money, Your name, Your country, name of Receiver and MTCN) with the Receiver only. You are obligated to ensure that no third party can gain unauthorised access to this information. We recommend that You transfer money only to beneficiaries that You know personally;

c.     You shall not use the Western Union Online Service for illegal purposes;

d.     You shall not use the Western Union Online Service for Prohibited Purposes.  

e.     Within the framework of the Western Union Online Service You will not request money transfers which violate these Terms and Conditions or any other restrictions of use or terms of use as set forth on the Western Union Website; and

f.     You are personally responsible for keeping Your password and Your username safe, pursuant to Clause 6 below.

4.4.     In the event of loss, theft, copy, misuse, or unauthorised use of the Transaction data (see above Item 4.3.b), where You believe We may have performed a Transaction You did not authorise Us to perform, or where You believe We may have failed to perform or incorrectly perform a Transaction, You must call +322 639 7065 or 800 789 124 (toll-free from Italy) and notify Us immediately upon becoming aware of such events. We will then investigate the matter.

4.5.     You consent to and acknowledge that We may forward any particulars about You and about the services that We provided to You if necessary to regulatory or government authorities or their bodies if:

a.     we are obligated by law to do so; or

b.     we are of the opinion that such a disclosure may assist in the prevention of fraud, money laundering or other crimes.

5.              CUSTOMER SERVICE,

If You detect errors or encounter problems on the Western Union Website or with the Western Union Online Service, please contact Us by e-mail or by telephone (for contact information see Item 1.2) or write to us at:

Western Union Italy

Lithuania UAB

J. Balcikonio Str 3,

Vilnius, Lithuania LT-08247.

6.              PASSWORD AND SECURITY

Prior to the first money transfer order You will be asked to provide a password and a valid e-mail address as Your username. The password and the username must not be used by any other person than Yourself. It is Your responsibility to keep Your password and Your username safe as well as all Transactions carried out using Your password or Your username. NEVER SHARE YOUR PASSWORD WITH ANYBODY AND DO NOT WRITE IT DOWN ANYWHERE! You consent to notifying Us immediately of any unauthorised use of Your password or of Your username or of any other breach of security, by telephone at +43 800 29 6544. Once You have informed Us of the unauthorised use of Your password or Your username We will immediate take all the necessary steps to prevent any further use of this information. We will inform You of such steps promptly after having taken them and give the reasons for such steps unless We are prevented from doing so for legal reasons. Prompting these steps does not make Us liable for any loss or damage that are the result of Your failure to comply with Your duty in accordance with this paragraph. However, You might be entitled to the reimbursement or credit of a certain amount from Your Card Issuer if Your Bank Card or Your bank account were used in a fraudulent manner.

7.              DISCLOSING INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES

7.1.     Western Union will use and process your personal information as described in Our Privacy Statement and you explicitly consent thereto. Click here for Our Privacy Statement. We are entitled to amend Our Privacy Statement at any time.

7.2.     This statement constitutes an express waiver with regard to banking secrecy pursuant to Section 38 of the Austrian Banking Act. This consent can be revoked any time in writing by letter sent to the WUIB address stated under Item 1.1 or by e-mail to the e-mail address stated under Item 1.2.

7.3.     We reserve the right to verify the details that You provided. Western Union obtains credit ratings on the basis of mathematical-statistical processes from Deltavista GmbH, Diefenbachgasse 35, 1150 Vienna or other service providers commissioned by Us, in order to verify customer information, except credit information. You may revoke this consent at any time.

8.              LIABILITY

A. Unauthorised Transactions

8.1.     We may be liable to You where We perform a Transaction for You that You did not authorise Us to perform. Save to the extent You are not liable under Item 8.2 or 8.3 for a Transaction not authorised by You, We will refund the Transaction amount to You promptly, but at the latest by the end of the Business Day following the day on which We were notified the Transaction concerned has not been authorised or otherwise became aware of the unauthorised Transaction.We shall also have no claim against You for reimbursement of Our expenses. In case there are reasonable indications of a fraudulent activity by You, Our obligation to refund You will be suspended, pending further investigation, and such investigation will be undertaken promptly.

8.2.   You may be liable up to the maximum amount of EUR 50 for losses that:

a.     result from unauthorised Transactions resulting from the use of lost, stolen or otherwise missing Transaction data (see above Item 4.3.b); or

b.     result from Your misuse of Transaction data.

8.3.    We will not hold You liable under Item 8.2 if it was not possible for You to detect such loss, theft or misuse of the Transaction data or if the loss of the Transaction data was caused by an employee or vicarious agent acting on Our behalf, one of Our branches or another external service provider we have appointed.

8.4.     Your liability for losses arising from an unauthorised Transaction shall not be limited to a maximum amount of EUR 50 as set out in Item 8.2 if You acted with fraudulent intent orcontributed to the misuse of Transaction data intentionally or through grossly negligent conduct. In these cases, You are liable for all losses caused by any unauthorised Transaction. Gross negligence in particular includes but is not limited to cases in which You do not promptly notify Us about a loss of Transaction data or if You do not keep Transaction data safe or if You disclose it to third parties.

8.5.     Unless you acted with fraudulent intent, You are not liable to us:

a. for losses resulting from an unauthorised use of Transaction data that arise after receipt by Us of a notification under Item 4.4; or

b. if We did not ensure that Our contact facilities were available to You for the purposes of making a notification under Item 4.4.

B. Incorrectly executed or non-executed Transactions

8.6.     We may be liable to You where We fail to perform or incorrectly perform a Transaction that You authorise Us to perform unless it was due to Your fault. You fault includes, but is not limited to, the reasons listed in Section 4.3 above. This means that in the event of a non-executed or incorrectly executed Transaction we will refund the Transaction amount to You (to the extent the Transaction was not executed or it was incorrectly executed). You are entitled to claim a refund of all fees and interest to the extent they have been charged or incurred in connection with an unexecuted or incorrectly executed Transaction.

8.7.     To the extent fees have been charged to an unexecuted or incorrectly executed Transaction by Us or an intermediary agency and the fees have been deducted from the amount to be received from the Receiver under such Transaction, We will immediately transfer to the Receiver such amounts charged in respect of such fees.

8.8.     Any liability We would otherwise owe to You under Item 8.6 is excluded if:

a.     we are able to show the Transaction amount was received at the appropriate time by the payment service provider of the Receiver; or

b.     for the purposes of Item 8.6, a Transaction shall be deemed to be correctly executed if we are able to show the Transaction has been executed in accordance with Transaction information You provided to Us. If you have provided us with incorrect details for executing the Transaction, You may ask Us to assist You in recovering the money. We cannot guarantee such efforts will be successful. We reserve the right to charge You a fee to cover Our reasonable costs for doing this.

C. Exclusion of liability

8.9.     Any liability We would otherwise owe to You under Item 8.1 or 8.6 is excluded if you do not let us know about an unauthorised or incorrectly executed Transaction within 13 months after the date of execution of the Transaction.

8.10.     We will also have no liability under Item 8 if We fail to perform or incorrectly perform the Transaction where the reason for this was due to Events Outside Our Control or Our statutory obligations.

8.11.     We will not owe You any liability if the unauthorised or incorrectly executed transaction is carried out by a third party or between third parties You have instructed before We receive Your payment for the transfer or any other Transaction. You should contact the relevant third party promptly and inform them of the circumstances of the unauthorised or incorrectly executed transaction.

8.12.   We do not assume liability for damage that is due to any unusual and unforeseeable events over which Western Union has no control and whose consequences, in spite of exercising due care, Western Union could not have avoided (caused, for example by Events Outside Our Control, failure of telecommunication lines, civil unrest, war or other events such as industrial action or lockouts over which We have no control). This applies equally to cases in which Western Union is bound by any orders under Community legislation, national, court or administrative orders stating otherwise.

8.13.     We do not exclude or limit in any way Our liability to You where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by Our negligence; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or for breach of Your legal rights where it would be unlawful to exclude or limit such legal rights in relation to the Western Union Online Service.

8.14.     Except in cases of wilful misconduct, gross negligence, death or personal injury You consent to no Western Union affiliate owing You any duty of care when such an affiliate assumes tasks which otherwise would have to be executed by Western Union in accordance with their contractual relationship with You.

8.15.    Neither are You liable to Us, nor is Western Union liable to You for damage caused by the proper exercise of Your or Our rights pursuant to these Terms and Conditions or by the use of the Western Union Online Service.

9.              INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Western Union Website and the Western Union Online Service, their content and all intellectual property pertaining thereto and contained therein (including copyrights, patents, database rights, trademarks and service marks) are the property of Western Union, of Western Union affiliates or of third parties. All rights to the Western Union Website and the Western Union Online Service remain Our property and/or the property of the third party. The Western Union Website and the Western Union Online Service must be used only for the purposes permitted by these Terms and Conditions or as described on the Website. You are exclusively entitled to display and save a copy of the pages of the Western Union Website for Your personal use. Without Our express written approval You are not entitled to duplicate, publish or modify the Western Union Website, the Western Union Online Service or parts thereof, or to create derivative works from the same, to participate in their assignment or sale, to publish them in the World Wide Web or use them in any other form for any public or commercial purpose. You are not entitled: (a) to use a robot, spider, scraper or any other automated programme to access the Western Union Website or the Western Union Online Service, and/or (b) remove or modify information related to copyrights and trademarks or proprietary information published on the Western Union Website (or printed pages of the Website). The name Western Union and all other names as well as proprietary designations of Western Union products and/or services named on the Western Union Website are exclusive brands of Western Union or of other third parties. Other product, service or company designations appearing on the Website may be the trademarks of their respective owners.

10.              LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

The Western Union Website may contain links and pointers to other World Wide Web Internet sites and resources (the "Linked Sites"). Links to any Linked Site do not constitute an endorsement by Us or Our association with any third party resources or their contents. Links do not imply that Western Union is affiliated or associated with third parties or is legally authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through a link, or that any Linked Sites are authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of Western Union. You should direct any concerns regarding any Linked Site to such Linked Site's site administrator or webmaster. Western Union does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of, and expressly disclaims, any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed or distributed through any Linked Site. You hereby acknowledge that reliance upon any opinion, advice, or information displayed on or otherwise available through any Linked Site shall be at Your sole risk.

11.              RIGHT TO RESCIND OR CANCEL A MONEY TRANSFER

11.1.     You have the right to rescind a money transfer through the Western Union Website within 14 days. The rescission must be declared to Us expressly and in writing by e-mail or by mail. However, this right of rescission does not apply if We have already paid out the funds to the Receiver before We received Your notice of rescission. When exercising Your right of rescission prior to Our having paid out the funds to the Receiver, We will refund the amount of the transfer to You and do not charge any fees.

11.2.     You may rescind a money transfer order in writing by e-mail or mail sent to Us provided that We have not as yet paid out the funds to the Receiver prior to receiving Your notice of rescission. In this case We will refund to You the amount of the money transfer at the Western Union exchange rate valid at the moment of the refund, however at least at the nominal value of the transfer amount insofar as the funds have not been paid out to the Receiver within 45 days. In this case the transfer fees will not be refunded. If We do not make the funds available for collection by the Receiver within three Business Days, We will refund in the event of Your justified notice of rescission the amount of the money transfer plus all transfer fees paid (subject to statutory or regulatory restrictions).

12.              ENTIRE AGREEMENT

These Terms and Conditions, jointly with all other contractual items referred to in these Terms and Conditions, constitute the entire agreement between You and Us and supersede any prior agreements which may exist between You and Us.

13.              SEVERABILITY CLAUSE

If one or several of the provisions to these Terms and Conditions are invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, then this does not affect the validity of the remaining provisions.

14.              COMPLAINTS, APPLICABLE LAW, JURISDICTION

14.1.     Should You not be satisfied with Our services under these Terms and Conditions You may make a complaint in writing to Us at the contact details published on https://www.westernunion.com/it/. We will try Our best to deal with Your complaint at the first opportunity and We will send You a final response letter within 15 Business Days of receipt of Your complaint. In exceptional circumstances, We will send You a holding reply within 15 business days specifying the deadline by which You will receive Our final response, being no later than 35 business days from the date of Your initial complaint. If You do not receive Our final response or You are unhappy with Our final response, You may refer it directly to the Joint Conciliation Board of the Austrian Banking Industry [Gemeinsame Schlichtungsstelle der österreichischen Kreditwirtschaft], Wiedner Hauptstraße 63, 1045 Vienna.

You also have the possibility to enforce Your rights before the competent courts of general jurisdiction. Alternatively, You may use the Online Dispute Resolution (“ODR”). The ODR offers an out-of-court solution to disputes connected to online transactions: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/

14.2.     These Terms and Conditions are governed by Austrian law, with the exception of its conflict-of-law rules. The place of fulfilment is Vienna. If You are a Italy resident consumer, You will also benefit from any mandatory provisions of Italian consumer protection law.

14.3.     The courts of Vienna, Inner City, shall have jurisdiction for agreements not concluded with consumers in the meaning of Section 1 of the Austrian Consumer Protection Act [KSchG]. If You are a consumer, You can bring legal proceedings in respect of claims or disputes (including non-contractual claims or disputes) arising from or related to these Terms and Conditions in either the courts of Your habitual residence or the courts of Austria. If You are a consumer, We will bring legal proceedings against You in the courts of Your habitual residence, Your regular place of abode or Your place of employment.

14.4.     ITALIAN CIVIL CODE. Pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 1341 and 1342 of the Italian Civil Code, the Parties specifically approve the provisions under Articles 2 (Our Services), 3 (Our Responsibility To You), 4 (Your Responsibility Towards Us), 5 (Customer Service), 6 (Password and Security), 7 (Disclosing Information To Third Parties), 8 (Liability), 11 (Right To Rescind Or Cancel a Money Transfer), 12 (Entire Agreement), 13 (Severability Clause), 14 (Complaints, Applicable Law, Jurisdiction) of this Contract.
Last modified: January 4, 2021 (archived versions)
WhatsApp Terms Of Service

Table of Contents

    About Our Services
    Privacy Policy And User Data
    Acceptable Use Of Our Services
    Third-Party Services
    Licenses
    Reporting Third-Party Copyright, Trademark, And Other Intellectual Property Infringement
    Disclaimers And Release
    Limitation Of Liability
    Dispute Resolution
    Availability And Termination Of Our Services
    Other
    Accessing WhatsApp's Terms in Different Languages

If you don't live in the European Region, WhatsApp LLC provides WhatsApp to you under this Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Click here for the WhatsApp Contract Summary and for information we are required by the European Electronic Communications Code to provide.

In order to provide our Services (as defined below) through our apps, services, features, software, or website, we need to obtain your agreement to our Terms of Service ("Terms").

WhatsApp Ireland Limited ("WhatsApp," "our," "we," or "us") provides the services described below to you ("Services") if you live in a country or territory in the European Economic Area (which includes the European Union), and any other included country or territory (collectively referred to as the "European Region"). If you live in any other country or territory except those in the European Region, WhatsApp LLC provides the Services to you under this Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

About Our Services

    Privacy And Security Principles. Since we started WhatsApp, we've built our Services with strong privacy and security principles in mind.
    Connecting You With Other People. We provide, and always strive to improve, ways for you to communicate with other WhatsApp users including through messages, voice and video calls, sending images and video, showing your status, and sharing your location with others when you choose. WhatsApp works with partners, service providers, and affiliated companies to help us provide ways for you to connect with their services.
    Communicating With Businesses. We provide, and always strive to improve, ways for you and businesses and other organisations, to communicate with each other using our Services, such as through order, transaction, and appointment information, delivery and shipping notifications, product and service updates, and marketing. We offer specific features and services to businesses and other organisations such as providing them with statistics regarding their use of our Services.
    Safety, Security, And Integrity. We work to protect the safety, security, and integrity of our Services. This includes appropriately dealing with abusive people and activity violating our Terms. We work to prohibit misuse of our Services including harmful conduct towards others. If we learn of people or activity like this, we will take appropriate action by removing such people or activity or contacting law enforcement. Any such removal of people will be in accordance with the "Termination" section below.
    Enabling Access To Our Services. To operate our global Services, we need to store and distribute content and information in data centers and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence. The use of this global infrastructure is necessary and essential to provide our Services. This infrastructure may be owned or operated by our service providers including affiliated companies.

NO ACCESS TO EMERGENCY SERVICES: There are important differences between our Services and your mobile phone and a fixed-line telephone and SMS services. Our Services do not provide access to emergency services or emergency services providers, including the police, fire departments, or hospitals, or otherwise connect to public safety answering points. You should ensure you can contact your relevant emergency services providers through a mobile phone, a fixed-line telephone, or other service.

Registration. You must register for our Services using accurate information, provide your current mobile phone number, and, if you change it, update your mobile phone number using our in-app change number feature. You agree to receive text messages and phone calls (from us or our third-party providers) with codes to register for our Services.

Address Book. You can use the contact upload feature and provide us, if permitted by applicable laws, with the phone numbers in your mobile address book on a regular basis, including those of both the users of our Services and your other contacts. Learn more about our contact upload feature here.

Age. If you live in a country or territory in the European Region, you must be at least 16 years old to use our Services or such greater age required in your country or territory to register for or use our Services without parental approval. If you live in any other country or territory except those in the European Region, you must be at least 13 years old to use our Services or such greater age required in your country or territory to register for or use our Services. In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Services under applicable law, if you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our Terms in your country or territory, your parent or guardian must agree to our Terms on your behalf in order for you to use the Services. Please ask your parent or guardian to read these Terms with you.

Devices And Software. You must provide certain devices, software, and data connections to use our Services, which we otherwise do not supply. In order to use our Services, you consent to manually or automatically download and install updates to our Services. You also consent to our sending you notifications via our Services from time to time, as necessary to provide our Services to you.

Fees And Taxes. You are responsible for all carrier data plans, Internet fees, and other fees and taxes associated with your use of our Services.

Privacy Policy And User Data

WhatsApp cares about your privacy. WhatsApp's Privacy Policy describes our data (including message) practices, including the types of information we receive and collect from you, how we use and share this information, and your rights in relation to the processing of information about you.

Acceptable Use Of Our Services

Our Terms And Policies. You must use our Services according to our Terms and policies. If you violate our Terms or policies, we may take action with respect to your account, including disabling or suspending your account and, if we do, you agree not to create another account without our permission. Disabling or suspending your account will be in accordance with the "Termination" section below.

Legal And Acceptable Use. You must access and use our Services only for legal, authorized, and acceptable purposes. You will not use (or assist others in using) our Services in ways that: (a) violate, misappropriate, or infringe the rights of WhatsApp, our users, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights; (b) are illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, intimidating, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or instigate or encourage conduct that would be illegal or otherwise inappropriate, such as promoting violent crimes, endangering or exploiting children or others, or coordinating harm; (c) involve publishing falsehoods, misrepresentations, or misleading statements; (d) impersonate someone; (e) involve sending illegal or impermissible communications, such as bulk messaging, auto-messaging, auto-dialing, and the like; or (f) involve any non-personal use of our Services unless otherwise authorized by us.

Harm To WhatsApp Or Our Users. You must not (or assist others to) directly, indirectly, through automated or other means access, use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sublicense, transfer, display, perform, or otherwise exploit our Services in impermissible or unauthorized manners, or in ways that burden, impair, or harm us, our Services, systems, our users, or others, including that you must not directly or through automated means: (a) reverse engineer, alter, modify, create derivative works from, decompile, or extract code from our Services; (b) send, store, or transmit viruses or other harmful computer code through or onto our Services; (c) gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Services or systems; (d) interfere with or disrupt the safety, security, confidentiality, integrity, availability or performance of our Services; (e) create accounts for our Services through unauthorized or automated means; (f) collect information of or about our users in any impermissible or unauthorized manner; (g) sell, resell, rent, or charge for our Services or data obtained from us or our Services in an unauthorized manner; (h) distribute or make our Services available over a network where they could be used by multiple devices at the same time, except as authorized through tools we have expressly provided via our Services; (i) create software or APIs that function substantially the same as our Services and offer them for use by third parties in an unauthorized manner; or (j) misuse any reporting channels, such as by submitting fraudulent or groundless reports or appeals.

Keeping Your Account Secure. You are responsible for keeping your device and your WhatsApp account safe and secure, and you must notify us promptly of any unauthorized use or security breach of your account or our Services.

Third-Party Services

Our Services may allow you to access, use, or interact with third-party websites, apps, content, other products and services, and Facebook Company Products. For example, you may choose to use third-party data backup services (such as iCloud or Google Drive) that are integrated with our Services or interact with a share button on a third-party's website that enables you to send information to your WhatsApp contacts. Please note that these Terms and our Privacy Policy apply only to the use of our Services. When you use third-party products or services or other Facebook Company Products, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those products or services.

Licenses

Your Rights. WhatsApp does not claim ownership of the information that you submit for your WhatsApp account or through our Services. You must have the necessary rights to such information that you submit for your WhatsApp account or through our Services and the right to grant the rights and licenses in our Terms.

WhatsApp's Rights. We own all copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade dress, trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property rights associated with our Services. You may not use our copyrights, trademarks (or any similar marks), domains, logos, trade dress, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights unless you have our express permission and except in accordance with our Brand Guidelines. You may use the trademarks of our affiliate companies only with their permission, including as authorized in any published brand guidelines.

Your License To WhatsApp. In order to operate and provide our Services, you grant WhatsApp a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, display, and perform the information (including the content) that you upload, submit, store, send, or receive on or through our Services. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating and providing our Services (such as to allow us to display your profile picture and status message, transmit your messages, and store your undelivered messages on our servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver them).

WhatsApp's License To You. We grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to use our Services, subject to and in accordance with our Terms. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use our Services in the manner permitted by our Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted to you.

Reporting Third-Party Copyright, Trademark, And Other Intellectual Property Infringement

To report claims of third-party copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property infringement, please visit our Intellectual Property Policy. We may take action with respect to your account, including disabling or suspending your account, if you clearly, seriously or repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others or where we are required to do so for legal reasons. Disabling or suspending your account will be in accordance with the "Termination" section below.

Disclaimers And Release

You use our Services at your own risk and subject to the following disclaimers. We are providing our Services on an "as is" basis without any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, and freedom from computer virus or other harmful code. We do not warrant that any information provided by us is accurate, complete, or useful, that our Services will be operational, error free, secure, or safe, or that our Services will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. We do not control and are not responsible for, controlling how or when our users use our Services or the features, services, and interfaces our Services provide. We are not responsible for and are not obligated to control the actions or information (including content) of our users or other third-parties. You release us, our subsidiaries, affiliates, and our and their directors, officers, employees, partners, and agents (together, the "WhatsApp Parties") from any claim, complaint, cause of action, controversy, or damages (together, "Claim"), known and unknown, relating to, arising out of, or in any way connected with any such Claim you have against any third-parties. Your rights with respect to the WhatsApp Parties are not modified by the foregoing disclaimer if the laws of your country or territory of residence, applicable as a result of your use of our Services, do not permit it.

Limitation Of Liability

WhatsApp is only liable to the following extent:

WhatsApp is liable without limitation in accordance with the statutory provisions for damages resulting from injury to life, body or health; in the case of intent; in the case of gross negligence; and in accordance with the Product Liability Directive.

WhatsApp will exercise professional diligence in providing the Services to you. Provided that we have acted with professional diligence, WhatsApp does not accept responsibility for losses not caused by our breach of these Terms or otherwise by our acts; losses that are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of entering into these Terms; and events beyond our reasonable control.

Dispute Resolution


If you are a consumer and habitually reside in a country or territory within the European Region, the laws of your country or territory will apply to any Claim you have against us that arises out of or relates to these Terms or our Services, and you may resolve your Claim in any competent court in your country or territory that has jurisdiction over the Claim. 

In all other cases, you agree that the Claim must be resolved in a competent court in Ireland that has jurisdiction over the Claim and that the laws of Ireland will govern these Terms and any Claim, without regard to conflict of law provisions.


Availability And Termination Of Our Services

Availability Of Our Services. We are always trying to improve our Services. That means we may expand, add, or remove our Services, features, functionalities, and the support of certain devices and platforms. Our Services may be interrupted, including for maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or network or equipment failures. We may discontinue some or all of our Services, including certain features and the support for certain devices and platforms, at any time after a notice period of 30 days, with no such notice being required in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues. Events beyond our control may affect our Services, such as events in nature and other force majeure events.

Termination. Although we hope you remain a WhatsApp user, you can terminate your relationship with WhatsApp anytime for any reason by deleting your account. For instructions on how to do so, please visit the Android, iPhone, or KaiOS articles in our Help Center.

Our right to terminate for cause remains unaffected. Good cause shall be deemed to exist if one party violates laws, third-party rights, or otherwise breaches these Terms, and the terminating party cannot reasonably be expected to continue the contractual relationship until the agreed termination date or until the expiry of a notice period, taking into account all circumstances of the individual case and after weighing the interests of both parties. A termination for good cause is only possible within a reasonable period of time after a breach has come to the knowledge of the other party.

If the important reason is a violation of an obligation of these Terms, termination is only permissible after the unsuccessful expiration of a granted remedy period or after an unsuccessful warning. However, this does not apply if the party in breach seriously and finally refuses to fulfill its obligations or if, after weighing the interests of both parties, special circumstances justify immediate termination.

In accordance with this "Termination" section, we may also modify, suspend, or terminate your access to or use of our Services anytime for suspicious or unlawful conduct, including for fraud, or if we reasonably believe you violate our Terms or create harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for us, our users, or others. We may also disable or delete your account if it does not become active after account registration or if it remains inactive for an extended period of time. If you delete your account or we delete or disable it, these Terms will end as an agreement between you and us, but the following provisions will survive any termination of your relationship with WhatsApp: "Licenses," "Disclaimers And Release," "Limitation Of Liability," "Dispute Resolution," "Availability And Termination Of Our Services," and "Other.” If you believe your account's termination or suspension was in error, please contact us at support@support.whatsapp.com.

Other

    Unless a mutually executed agreement between you and us states otherwise, our Terms make up the entire agreement between you and us regarding WhatsApp and our Services, and supersede any prior agreements.
    We reserve the right to designate in the future that certain of our Services are governed by separate terms (where, as applicable, you may separately consent).
    Our Services are not intended for distribution to or use in any country or territory where such distribution or use would violate local law or would subject us to any regulations in another country or territory. We reserve the right to limit our Services in any country or territory.
    You will comply with all applicable United States and non-United States export control and trade sanctions laws ("Export Laws"). You will not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export, provide, or otherwise transfer our Services: (a) to any individual, entity, territory, or country prohibited by Export Laws; (b) to anyone on United States or non-United States government restricted parties lists; or (c) for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, or missile technology applications without the required government authorizations. You will not use or download our Services if you are located in a restricted country or territory, if you are currently listed on any United States or non-United States restricted parties list, or for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, and you will not disguise your location through IP proxying or other methods.
    Any amendment to or waiver of our Terms proposed by you requires our express consent.
    We are constantly working to improve our Services and develop new features to make our products even better for you and our community. Therefore, we may need to update these Terms from time to time to reflect our Services and practices correctly. We will only make changes if the provisions are no longer appropriate or incomplete. Unless otherwise required by law, we will provide you at least 30 days' advance notice of changes to our Terms (e.g., by e-mail or through the Services), which will give you the opportunity to review the revised Terms before they become effective, and we will ensure that any such changes are reasonable for you, taking into consideration your interests. We will also update the "Last modified" date at the top of our Terms. Changes to these Terms shall become effective no sooner than 30 days after we provide notice of planned changes. Once updated Terms come into effect, you will be bound by them if you continue to use our Services. We hope you will continue using our Services, but if you do not agree to our Terms, as amended, you must stop using our Services by deleting your account.
    All of our rights and obligations under our Terms are freely assignable by us to any of our affiliates or in connection with a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise. In the event of such an assignment, we will only transfer your information in compliance with applicable laws, and ask for your consent where required; these Terms will continue to govern your relationship with such third-party. We hope you will continue using WhatsApp, but if you do not agree to such an assignment, you must stop using our Services by deleting your account after having been notified about the assignment.
    You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under our Terms to anyone else without our prior written consent.
    Nothing in our Terms will prevent us from complying with the law.
    Except as contemplated herein, our Terms do not give any third-party beneficiary rights.
    If we fail to enforce any of our Terms, it will not be considered a waiver.
    If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable, and if it cannot be made enforceable, then it shall be deemed severable from our Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of our Terms, and the remaining portion of our Terms will remain in full force and effect.
    We reserve all rights not expressly granted by us to you. In certain jurisdictions, you may have legal rights as a consumer, and our Terms are not intended to limit such consumer legal rights that may not be waived by contract. Also, in certain jurisdictions, you may have legal rights as a data subject, and our Terms are not intended to limit such rights that may not be waived by contract.
    We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about WhatsApp and our Services, but you understand that you have no obligation to provide feedback or suggestions and that we may use your feedback or suggestions without any restriction or obligation to compensate you for them.

Accessing WhatsApp's Terms in Different Languages

To access our Terms in certain other languages, change the language setting for your WhatsApp session. If our Terms are not available in the language you select, we will default to the English version.

Please review the following documents, which provide additional information about your use of our Services:

WhatsApp Privacy Policy
WhatsApp Intellectual Property Policy
WhatsApp Brand Guidelines


Europe Terms of Sale

LAST REVISED: January 01, 2022

 

YOU MUST BE AND HEREBY AFFIRM THAT YOU ARE AN ADULT OF THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR COUNTRY AND STATE OF RESIDENCE. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN MUST CONSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT.

 

You should carefully read and understand these Terms of Sale (‘Terms of Sale’) which regulate the purchases of digital content, including any purchases made through Battle.net® or the Battle.net® Shop such as a game, either downloadable or not, and/or other software which are not supplied on a tangible form , game subscriptions, digital in-game items, funds to be uploaded as Battle.net Balance (altogether ‘Digital Content’, and/or services ‘Services’). Physical products are currently not being offered for sale on this Platform.

 

The use of Blizzard’s Platform as defined in the Blizzard End User Licence Agreement generally, including any digital goods or services purchased from Blizzard, is governed by Blizzard’s End User Licence Agreement, which should be read in tandem to the Terms of Sale.

 

These Terms of Sale do not govern purchases from the Blizzard Gear Store (the ‘Blizzard Gear Store’) located at here, which are governed by a separate set of policies and terms of service, which may be reviewed directly on the Blizzard Gear Store site.

 

    Your order.

By placing an order, you represent that you are an authorised user of the payment method used.

If you reside within Europe, Middle East, or Africa, by placing an order for other Digital Content or Services, you submit a binding offer to purchase the relevant Digital Content or Service from Activision Blizzard UK Limited, having its registered office at The Ampersand Building, 178 Wardour Street, London, W1F 8FY, United Kingdom (hereinafter referred to as ‘Blizzard’, ‘we’ or ‘us’).

Your order is accepted, and a contract concluded once we have sent a confirmation email to the email address on file in your Battle.net account. The use of Digital Content or a Service is also governed by the Battle.net End User Licence Agreement, any other Licensor’s end-user licence agreements and/or any other terms of use and/or terms of services presented to you during the ordering process.

You hereby expressly consent that the Supply of Digital Content and/or the performance of our Services begin immediately after we have enabled access to the Digital Content and/or Services which can be either right after purchase or, in the case of pre-orders and/or pre-purchases, when such Digital Content and/or Services are made available (‘Performance of the Contract’).

 

    Subscriptions.

The duration of a game subscription will depend on the subscription period you have chosen. To avoid any interruption of the use of the Digital Content, your subscription is set to renew automatically, for the same subscription period that you have chosen. You may cancel your subscription at any time by clicking the ‘cancel account’ button on the first page of your account management page in your Battle.net Account before the current subscription period expires. However, you will be able to use the Digital Content until the current subscription period ends. Please note there are no refunds if you decide to terminate your subscription early as the Digital Content will be available for your use until the subscription period ends. Blizzard reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify the amount of the subscription fees. In such an event, Blizzard will send you an email notification at least thirty (30) days before the price modifications are made. With the notification, we will remind you that your continued use after the end of your current subscription period means that you accept the new subscription fees. However, the new price will only be applicable to you from the date of your automatic subscription renewal. If you disagree with those price modifications, you may cancel your subscription by clicking the ‘cancel account’ button on the first page of your account management page in your Battle.net Account before the subscription period with the modified price starts. Your cancellation has to be made before the price changes come into force, otherwise you will be deemed to have accepted those modifications.

 

    Prices and payment.

Depending on your country of residence and the specific item(s) you are purchasing, you may be able to choose from several different currencies to purchase goods from Blizzard. Prices include any applicable value-added tax. Digital Content and Services are sold to you on a pre-payment basis. Payment is due immediately with the order and in case of an automatic renewal of a subscription at the beginning of the new subscription period. Different payment methods indicated during the ordering process, such as credit card, direct debit or Battle.net Balance, may be available to you. For the use of any third-party payment and billing provider, such as PayPal, that provider’s additional terms and costs may apply. You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using your Account. If you choose a recurring subscription for a Game, you acknowledge that payments will be processed automatically (e.g. debited from your Blizzard Balance or charged to your credit card) until you cancel the subscription or the Account. Blizzard may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the Platform at any time with a reasonable prior notice.

 

    Right of withdrawal.

You have the right to withdraw from this contract within fourteen (14) calendar days of purchase without giving any reason. The withdrawal period will expire fourteen (14) days after the day of the Performance of the Contract. To exercise the right of withdrawal you must inform us of your decision to withdraw by a clear statement by following the process as describe here https://eu.battle.net/support/en/article/186491. Such statement must include your name, address, Blizzard Account name, order number, date of order and date of withdrawal, (an example of a withdrawal form can be found at the bottom of those Terms. To ensure compliance with the withdrawal deadline, you must send your withdrawal statement before the withdrawal period has expired.

Effects of withdrawal.

If you successfully withdraw from the contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you within a reasonable period, and later than fourteen (14) days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of this reimbursement. If you requested to begin the performance of Services during the withdrawal period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been provided until you have communicated to us your withdrawal from this contract, in comparison with the full coverage of the contract.

Important:

Notwithstanding the foregoing, you hereby expressly acknowledge that you lose your right of withdrawal in respect of the purchase of Digital Content once the performance has begun (see Section 1. above) and for game software, which require a prior download before accessing the content, once you are accessing the content.

You hereby expressly acknowledge that you lose your right of withdrawal in respect of any Services if the performance has begun with your express consent (see Section 1. above) and once the contract has been fully performed by us.

Full details of Blizzard’s refund practices are detailed in our Refund Policy. Please review our refund practices prior to making any purchase.

 

    Modifications to Terms of Sale.

We may, from time to time, change, modify or update these Terms of Sale and the revised Terms of Sale will apply to all subsequent purchases. You agree that you will review and accept the Terms of Sale before any purchase.

 

    Indemnification and limitation of liability.

6.1

      6.1.1. Nothing in these Terms shall limit Blizzard’s liability for (a) for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our employees or agents; (b) our wilful misconduct, (c) fraud or make fraudulent misrepresentation; (d) for gross negligence or (e) any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

      6.1.2. Subject to 6.1.1, Blizzard shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential, unforeseeable or punitive damages or for any loss of business, loss of profit, loss of income or revenue, loss of anticipated savings or loss of data howsoever arising. Blizzard shall not be liable for damages arising from any purchases made pursuant to these Terms of Sale, resulting from a fault or negligence from yourself or because of an event that is outside our reasonable control (see ‘Force Majeure’ section below).

      6.1.3. Blizzard is only liable for slight negligence where Blizzard is in breach of a material contractual obligation hereunder, such as if we fail to deliver any paid product or services, and Blizzard’s liability will be limited to typical and foreseeable damages excluding in any case indirect, punitive and/or consequential damages.

      6.1.4. For all other liabilities, Blizzard’s total aggregate liability per claim or series of connected claims shall be limited to the typical and foreseeable damages arising from the breach giving rise to the claim and shall be capped at an amount equal to the fees paid by you to Blizzard in the 30 days immediately prior to your claim.

6.2      You shall indemnify Blizzard from and against any and all liabilities, claims and costs incurred by, or made against, Blizzard as a direct or indirect result of Blizzard performing services related to our products or providing products to you. Except as set forth in the Blizzard End User Licence Agreement or other agreements between you and Blizzard, Blizzard shall have no liability to you for products subject to third party patent, copyright, database right, registered design, trademark or other protections. Please refer to the relevant terms of the product manufacturer or owner.

 

    Force Majeure.

Blizzard is not liable to you, nor in breach of contract, for any loss or damage as a direct or indirect result of Blizzard’s delayed performance or impossibility to perform by circumstances beyond Blizzard’s reasonable control. In such event, Blizzard may elect to cancel your order and refund any payments made.

 

    Defects.

In case of a defect the regulations of statutory law apply.

 

    Customer service.

Customer service contact details can be found under http://eu.support.blizzard.com/en-gb. In the event of any requests which you may have in connection with your purchase of Digital Content and/or Services, please first contact our customer service.

 

    Dispute Resolution for residents of the European Union and the United Kingdom.

If you are not satisfied with the resolution of your request by our customer service and if you are a resident of the European Union, the European Commission provides for an online dispute resolution Platform which is accessible at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.

If you are not satisfied with the resolution of your request by our customer service and if you are a resident of the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom Government provides information regarding consumer rights at https://www.gov.uk/consumer-protection-rights.

 

    Entire Agreement.

The Terms of Sale and Blizzard End User Licence Agreement prevail over other agreements between the parties or implied by trade, custom or course of dealing. Any purported terms or conditions to the contrary, including with third parties, are excluded as legally permitted.

 

    Governing law.

If you placed an order with Blizzard Entertainment SAS, the Terms of Sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of France.; if you placed an order with Blizzard Entertainment International, a tradename of Activision Blizzard International B.V. or Activision Blizzard International B.V., the Terms of Sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands; excluding its conflicts of law rules and excluding the UN Convention on Contracts for International Sale of Goods.

 

    Place of jurisdiction.

To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, you expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for all and any claim or action arising out of, or relating to these Terms of Sale shall be the courts of the Netherlands or France, depending upon who you contracted with in Section 1.

 

Annexe: model withdrawal form

To:

Activision Blizzard UK Limited

 

I hereby give notice that I withdraw from my contract of sale of the following digital content/for the provision of the following service: [please insert name of digital content/service]

Ordered on: [please insert date]

Order number: [please insert order number]

Name: [please insert your name]

Address: [please insert your address]

Blizzard account: [please insert your Blizzard account email address]

Date: [Please insert date and if sent by mail, signature]


Yahoo Terms of Service

Exciting news! Our parent company has been acquired by funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Read more in our press release.

On 1 November 2021 the name of the company providing the sites and apps you use has changed from Verizon Media EMEA Limited to Yahoo EMEA Limited. For now, the way we process your information remains the same.

In June 2017, we announced that Yahoo and AOL joined to become a unified Yahoo digital and mobile media company. We are now operating under these unified YahooTerms of Service. If you have a Yahoo or an AOL account, you will need to agree to these Terms. (Note, if you have not yet agreed to these Terms, the legacy Yahoo Terms of Service or legacy Oath Terms of Service (for AOL) still apply to your account.) The legacy Yahoo Terms of Service for users in the Middle East can be found here. For all Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing into an account, the Terms below apply to those products and services effective 25 May 2018. Yahoo If you are creating a new account, the Terms below apply from when you sign up.
Yahoo Terms of Service

    Welcome to Yahoo

    Yahoo Inc. and all of its brands listed in Section 13 (including Yahoo and AOL brands) and the corporate entities listed in Sections 13 and Section 14 (collectively, ‘Yahoo’, ‘us’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) are part of the Yahoo family of companies. Our brands, websites, apps, products, services and technologies (‘Services’) are provided by the entities listed in Section 13 below. Please carefully read Sections 1 to 13, 14.1 and 14.13, which are the sections that apply to you. 

    By using the Services, you agree to these terms, the policies in our Privacy Centre and any community guidelines and supplemental terms provided for you for the Services that you use (collectively, “Terms”). Please read the Terms carefully, as they form your entire agreement with us. 

    THESE TERMS CONTAIN LIMITATIONS OF OUR LIABILITY IN SECTION 9.

    U.S. USERS: THESE TERMS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER CLAUSES IN SECTION 14.2 BELOW, WHICH ARE APPLICABLE TO ALL U.S. USERS.

    Using the Services

        Authority. You agree that you are permitted to use the Services under applicable law. If you are using the Services on behalf of a company, business or other entity, you represent that you have the legal authority to accept these Terms on behalf of that entity, in which case that entity accepts these Terms, and ‘you’ means that entity. If you are accessing an account on behalf of the account owner (e.g. as an administrator, consultant, analyst etc.), the Terms apply to your activities on behalf of the account owner. 

        Indemnity. If you are using the Services on behalf of a company, business or other entity, or if you are using the Services for commercial purposes, you and the entity will hold harmless and indemnify the Yahoo Entities (defined in Section 8 below) from any suit, claim or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these Terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims (including claims for negligence), losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and legal fees. 

        Age. If you are under the Minimum Age (as defined for you in Section 14), you may not register for an account. Unless you are the holder of an existing account in the United States that is a Yahoo Family Account, you must be at least the Minimum Age to use the Services. Certain portions of the Services contain adult and/or mature content. Do not access that content unless you are an adult (i.e. at least the age of majority in your country).

        Member conduct. You agree not to use the Services in any manner that violates these Terms or our Community Guidelines, including to:

            obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorised access to the Services or to our servers, systems, network or data;

            make available any content that is harmful to children, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;

            violate any applicable laws or regulations;

            impersonate any person or entity, or forge or manipulate headers or identifiers to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Service; 

            make available any content that you do not have the right to make available or that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any person or entity;

            post content containing advertisements or other commercial solicitations without our prior written permission;

            make available viruses or any other computer code, files, programs or content designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Services or affect other users; or

            interfere with or disrupt the Services or servers, systems or networks connected to the Services in any way.

        Use of Services. You must follow any guidelines or policies associated with the Services. You must not misuse or interfere with the Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use the Services only as permitted by law. Unless otherwise expressly stated, you may not access or reuse the Services, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose.

        Export control. You agree to comply with the export control laws and regulations of the United States and trade controls of other applicable countries, including without limitation the Export Administration Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security and the embargo and trade sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control. You represent and warrant that you: (1) are not a prohibited party identified on any government export exclusion lists (see e.g. http://www.bis.doc.gov/complianceandenforcement/liststocheck.htm); (2) will not re-export or use the Services to transfer software, technology or other technical data to prohibited parties or countries; and (3) will not use the Services for military, nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weaponry end uses or conduct any other activities involving the Services that violate the export and import laws of the U.S. or other applicable countries. 

        Anti-corruption laws. You agree to comply with all applicable anti-corruption laws including laws that prohibit unlawful payments to anyone for a corrupt purpose in relation to these Terms. 

        Ownership and reuse. Using the Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual or other property rights or interests in the Services or the content you access. You must not use any branding or logos used in the Services unless we have given you separate explicit written permission. You may not remove, obscure or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with the Services. Unless you have explicit written permission, you must not reproduce, modify, rent, lease, sell, trade, distribute, transmit, broadcast, publicly perform, create derivative works based on, or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion or use of, or access to, the Services (including content, advertisements, APIs and software). 

        Software licence. Subject to your continuing compliance with these Terms, we grant you a personal, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-assignable, revocable and non-exclusive licence to use the software and APIs we may provide to you as part of the Services. This licence is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services we provide, in the manner permitted by these Terms and any additional terms or guidelines. You may not reverse-engineer or attempt to extract the source code of our software, unless applicable laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our explicit written permission. Our software may automatically download and install security or other updates without prior notification to you.

        Support. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we do not promise to provide you with any support for the Services. If we provide you with support, it is at our sole discretion and does not mean that we will continue to provide you with support in the future. 

        Fees. We reservethe right to charge fees for use of or access to the Services (and any associated support), whether currently in existence or not, in our sole discretion. If we decide to charge fees, our payment terms will apply and we will provide you with prior notice. 

        Different versions of the Services. Different features may be available in different versions of the Services and not all features may be available in your country or region. Also, not all features may be available if the user that you are communicating with is using a different version of the Services, or is using third-party software. 

        Anti-abuse policy. We prohibit sending unsolicited emails or messages using our Services. You may not, in connection with the Services, engage in commercial activity on non-commercial properties or apps or high-volume activity without our prior written consent. You may not engage in conduct or activity that is disruptive to the Services or the experience of other users.

        Envrmnt 360 Terms. U.S. Users: The Envrmnt 360 terms apply to you and can be found here in English and here in Spanish. 

        RSS Feeds. If you use an RSS feed provided by us (each, a “Yahoo RSS Feed”), you are only permitted to display the content that is provided in the feed, without modification, and you must provide attribution to our source website and link to the full article on Yahoo RSS Feed content. You may not incorporate advertising into any Yahoo RSS Feed. We reserve the right to discontinue any Yahoo RSS Feed at any time and to require anyone to cease use of a Yahoo RSS Feed at any time for any reason. Each of our products or services may also have more specific terms of use for related Yahoo RSS Feeds.

    Your Account; Notices

        Account information. You may need an account to use some Services. You must ensure that your account information (that is, the information you provided when you registered for or subscribed to a Service) remains up to date, complete, accurate and truthful. With the exception of AOL accounts, all Yahoo accounts are non-transferable, and any rights to them terminate upon the account holder’s death.

        Access to your account. You are responsible for all activity that happens on or through your account. To protect your account, keep your password confidential. Do not reuse your account password with other services. Without prejudice to your statutory rights, if you forget your password and otherwise cannot validate your account to Yahoo, you acknowledge and agree that your account may be inaccessible to you and that all data associated with the account may not be retrievable. 

        Notices. Yahoo may provide you with notices, including service announcements and notices regarding changes to these Terms, by, but not limited to, email, regular post, text message or SMS, MMS, push notification or in-app message, postings on the Services, telephone or other reasonable means now known or hereafter developed. You consent to receive these notices by any and all of the foregoing means. You may not receive notices if you violate the Terms by accessing the Services in an unauthorised manner. You will be deemed to have received any and all notices that would have been delivered had you accessed the Services in an authorised manner.

    Privacy and data protection 

    Our Privacy Centre explains how we treat your personal data. By using the Services, you agree to our privacy policies and that we can use your information in accordance with our privacy policies. By using and benefiting from Yahoo’s Services, you recognise that personalisation lies at the core of many of our services. We can only provide many of these Services by using your personal data to provide personalised content and ads. Please visit our Privacy Centre to learn more about personalisation.

    Procedure for Copyright or other Intellectual Property Infringement Claims

    We respect the intellectual property of others, and we expect our users to do the same. We may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, disable, terminate and/or take other appropriate steps relating to the accounts of users who may be infringers. If you believe that your copyright or intellectual property rights have been infringed, please follow the instructions provided here.

    Content in the Services and Licence Grant to Yahoo

        Content. Our Services display some content that we did not create and do not own. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity or person that makes it available. We assume no responsibility for the conduct of third parties, including persons or entities with which you communicate using the Services. Many of the Services enable you to submit content. You – not Yahoo – are entirely responsible for any content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Services. We may remove and refuse to display content that violates the Terms or applicable laws or regulations, but that does not mean that we monitor the Services or review or screen any content. By using or accessing the Services, you understand and agree that you may be exposed to offensive, indecent or objectionable content.

        IP ownership and licence grant. Except as otherwise provided in the specific product terms or guidelines for one of our Services, when you upload, share with or submit content to the Services, you retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content and you grant to us a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable licence to (a) use, host, store, reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works (such as translations, adaptations, summaries or other changes), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute this content in any manner, mode of delivery or media now known or developed in the future; and (b) permit other users to access, reproduce, distribute, publicly display, prepare derivative works of, and publicly perform your content via the Services, as may be permitted by the functionality of those Services (e.g. for users to reblog, repost or download your content). In some of the Services, there may be specific terms or settings allowing a different scope of use of the content submitted in those Services. You must have the necessary rights to grant us the licence described in this Section 6(b) for any content that you upload, share with or submit to the Services. 

    Modifying and Terminating the Services; Terminating Accounts

        We are constantly innovating, changing and improving the Services. Unless stated differently for your region in Section 14, we may, without notice, add or remove functionalities or features, create new limits to the Services, or temporarily or permanently suspend or stop a Service. 

        You can stop using the Services at any time. You can cancel and delete your AOL account at any time by clicking here and you can cancel and delete your Yahoo account by clicking here. For more information, please visit the relevant Help Centre. 

        Unless stated differently for your region in Section 14, we may temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your account, or impose limits on or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services at any time, without notice and for any reason, including, but not limited to, violation of these Terms, court order or inactivity.

        Subject to any statutory rights you might have, if your account is terminated, access to your username, password and all related information, files and content associated with your account may be terminated and your username may be recycled for use by others. If the Service is a paid service, please consult our payment terms which can be found by clicking here.

    Our Warranties and Disclaimers

        TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE, ALONG WITH OUR PARENT COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, PARTNERS, LICENSORS AND DISTRIBUTORS (COLLECTIVELY ‘YAHOO ENTITIES’) DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, PROMISES OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES. WE PROVIDE OUR SERVICES ‘AS-IS’, ‘WITH ALL FAULTS’ AND ‘AS AVAILABLE’. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND WE DO NOT REPRESENT, PROMISE OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NO DATA TRANSMISSION OVER THE INTERNET OR INFORMATION STORAGE TECHNOLOGY CAN BE GUARANTEED TO BE SECURE, AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THAT EFFECT. WE MAKE NO COMMITMENTS, PROMISES OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES OR CONTENT LINKED FROM THE SERVICES, THE SUPPORT WE PROVIDE FOR THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, THE SECURITY OF THE SERVICES OR THE SERVICES’ RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, AVAILABILITY OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS, PROVIDE CERTAIN OUTPUTS OR ACHIEVE CERTAIN RESULTS.

        SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SUCH AS THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED OR EXPRESS PROMISES OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SERVICES. 

    Limitation of Liability 

    TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE AND UNDERSTAND THAT YAHOO ENTITIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR: ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, TREBLE OR OTHER MULTIPLES OF DAMAGES, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. YAHOO ENTITIES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, INCLUDING ANY ALLEGED LOSS OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER LOSSES (COLLECTIVELY, ‘LOSSES’) ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSSES RESULTING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH: THE DELETION OF, ALTERATION OF, MISDELIVERY OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY THE SERVICES; THE LIMITING, SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT; YOUR DOWNLOADING OR SHARING OF INFORMATION, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION, VIA THE SERVICES; THE UNAUTHORISED ACCESS TO YOUR ACCOUNT OR ANY DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY THE SERVICES; LINKS PROVIDED BY THE SERVICES OR THIRD PARTIES TO EXTERNAL SITES OR RESOURCES; YOUR DEALINGS WITH OR PARTICIPATION IN PROMOTIONS OF ADVERTISERS FOUND ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES; OR ANY GOOD OR SERVICES SOLD BY SUCH ADVERTISERS. YAHOO ENTITIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR PROBLEMS CAUSED BY OTHERS, THE WRONGFUL OR UNLAWFUL ACTIONS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR AN ACT OF GOD. THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS IN THESE TERMS WILL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY LOSSES ARISING.

    TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STATED IN SECTION 14, YAHOO ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISPUTES THAT ARISE OUT OF OR RELATE TO THESE TERMS OR SERVICES FOR ANY AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US FOR THE SERVICES.

    Feedback

    You agree that any recommendation, idea, proposal, suggestion, feedback or other input (‘Feedback’) you submit to us related to our products, services, websites, apps or technology may be used by us without any notice, obligation, restriction, reimbursement or compensation to you and you waive (or agree not to enforce) any and all rights that may now or in the future exist (including moral and equivalent rights) in any Feedback.

    Fee-Based Services and Billing. Unless otherwise specified in the additional terms that apply to the Services you are using, the terms in this Section 11 apply to you. 

        We offer products and subscriptions for a fee (‘fee-based Services’). These fee-based Services are governed by the additional terms you agree to when you register for the fee-based Service and these Terms. If you register for a fee-based Service, you must designate a payment method and provide us with accurate billing and payment information, and you have the continuing obligation to keep it up to date. Many fee-based Services require you to have, or register for, a Yahoo or AOL ID. If you are an AOL Dial-up customer, please see additional terms by clicking here. 

        The following important provisions apply to all of our fee-based services:

            Third-party products. If the fee-based Service includes a third-party product, you understand and agree that your purchase and use of the Service is also subject to the third party’s terms of service and privacy policy, which you should read thoroughly before agreeing to them.

            Payments. You represent that you are at least the Minimum Age required to enter into a legal agreement. You agree to pay us for any fee-based Services you purchase from us, as well as all other charges incurred under your account, including applicable taxes and fees. You are responsible for all charges incurred under your account, including purchases made by you or anyone you allow to use your account or any sub- or linked accounts (including any person with implied, actual or apparent authority) or anyone who gains access to your account as a result of your failure to safeguard your authentication credentials. 

            Payment methods. You authorise and direct us to charge your designated payment method for these charges or, if it fails, to charge any other payment method you have on file with us, even if we received it in association with other fee-based services. You are responsible for all charges even if your payment method fails or is denied. You authorise and direct us to retain all information about any payment method(s) associated with your account. We may import payment information that you entered during a prior purchase and provide you with the option to use that payment information during purchase of a new product. You permit us to obtain and use updated information from the issuer of your payment method in accordance with the policies and procedures of any applicable card brands. We may in some instances continue charging a payment method past its expiry date at our discretion and subject to the payment processors’ or issuing bank’s approval. Surcharges may apply if you use certain payment methods, such as payment from your checking or savings account.

            Payment terms. We may charge for fee-based Services in advance and on a daily, monthly, yearly, lump sum or other basis in accordance with the stated terms, as long as your subscription remains active, even if you have not downloaded or used the Service or accessed your online account.

            Auto-renewal. We use auto-renewal for many of our fee-based Services. On expiry of each subscription term for such fee-based Services, we will automatically renew your subscription and charge the credit card or other payment method you have provided us with, unless you cancel your subscription at least 48 hours before the end of the current period. Unless otherwise stated in Section 1], your subscription will be automatically renewed at the then-current price, excluding promotional and discount pricing. We may, at our sole discretion, post charges to your payment method individually or aggregate charges for some or all of your fee-based Services with us.

            Fraud protection. We may take steps to verify the validity of the credit card information you provide to us, including debiting amounts of less than £1.00 from your credit card and then immediately crediting it back. You authorise us to do so for verification and anti-fraud purposes.

            Free trials. We may offer you free trials, so that you can try a fee-based Service subscription without charge or obligation (‘Free Trial’). Unless otherwise stated and unless you cancel your subscription prior to the expiry of the Free Trial, periodic subscription fees will be charged at the then-applicable rate upon expiry of the Free Trial period and will continue to be charged until the subscription is cancelled. If you are not satisfied with a particular fee-based Service, you must cancel the subscription before the Free Trial ends to avoid charges. We reserve the right to limit you to one free trial or promotion of a fee-based Service and to prohibit the combining of free trials or other promotional offers.

            No refunds. All charges are non-refundable unless provided otherwise in the terms you agree to when you register for a fee-based Service, unless stated differently for your region in Section 14 or as otherwise specified below.

            TerminationWe, at our sole discretion, may change, discontinue or terminate any or all aspects of a fee-based Service without notice, including access to support services, content and other products or services ancillary to the fee-based Service, subject to providing an appropriate refund for any portions of a specified but no longer available term. You can cancel a fee-based Service at any time by logging in to your online account and terminating the subscription.

            Change in fees and billing method. We may change our fees and billing methods at any time. We will provide you with notice of any price increase at least thirty (30) days in advance. Subject to applicable law, (i) if you disagree with any proposed change, your sole remedy is to cancel your fee-based Service before the price change takes effect and (ii) your continued use of or subscription to the Service after the price change takes effect constitutes your agreement to pay the new price for the Service. 

            Delinquency. After 30 days from the date of any unpaid charges, your fee-based Service will be deemed delinquent and we may terminate or suspend your account and fee-based Service for non-payment. You are liable for any fees, including legal and collection fees, incurred by us in our efforts to collect any remaining balances from you.

            90-day notice period. You must notify us about any billing problems or discrepancies within 90 days of them first appearing on your billing method statement. If you do not bring them to our attention within 90 days, you agree that you waive your right to dispute such problems or discrepancies.

    About these Terms

        Third-party beneficiaries and conflicts. These Terms control the relationship between you and us. They do not create any third-party beneficiary rights. If there is a conflict or inconsistency between the terms in this document and the additional terms associated with a particular Service, the additional terms will control solely for that conflict or inconsistency.

        Modification of the Terms. Unless stated differently for your region in Section 14, we may modify the Terms from time to time. Unless we indicate otherwise, modifications will be effective from the date they are posted on this page or any successor page. You should look at the Terms regularly. We will provide notice (in accordance with Section 3(c) above) of material modifications. 

        Continued use of the Services. You may stop using the Services at any time, but your continued use of or subscription to a Service after the effective date of any modifications to the Terms means that you agree to the Terms as modified. 

        Waiver and Severability of Terms. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision (or part of a provision) of these Terms is found to be invalid, you and we nevertheless agree to give effect to the intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. 

        Assignment by Us. We may freely assign these Terms and all of the policies and other documents incorporated or referenced in it (including all rights, licences and obligations under it or them), in whole or in part and without notice, for any reason, including for the purpose of internal restructuring (for example, mergers or liquidations).

    Provider of Services 

        The Services are provided by the company that offers the Services in your region as set out in Section 14.13 (the ‘Applicable Yahoo Entity’), except for the Services set out below in Section 13(b). Not all Services or features may be available in your country or region. Different features may be available in different versions of the Services. Your Service provider may change if you relocate to another country and continue using our Services. 

        The following services are provided to you by the same Yahoo Entity wherever you are based in the world:

            For the services in this Section 13(b)(i), the provisions of Section 14.2 (United States) apply. 

                The following services are provided by Yahoo Inc.:

                    Engadget (unless otherwise specified in Section 14)

                    TechCrunch (unless otherwise specified in Section 14)

                    Rivals

                    Yahoo View

                    Yahoo Developer Network

                    Makers

                The following services are provided by Yahoo Ad Tech LLC:

                    AOL On. 

                    Learning Center

                The following services are provided by Yahoo Fantasy Sports LLC:

                    U.S. Daily Fantasy

                    U.S. Fantasy Cash Leagues

                    U.S. Fantasy Pro Leagues

                Other Fantasy Sports services are provided by Yahoo Inc. 

                Ryot Studio is provided by TheHuffingtonPost.com Inc. 

                Flurry is provided by Flurry LLC 

    Contracting Party, Choice of Law, and Location for Resolving Disputes and Other Local Region Provisions

         In Section 13 above, find the provider of the Services you are using. That is the provider that you are contracting with for the Services. The choice of law, the location for resolving disputes, certain defined terms (including the Applicable Yahoo Entity) and other important region-specific provisions are in this Section 14. If you have any questions, please contact customer care using the contact information in the region that applies to you below

         
    United States (us): 

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity: Yahoo Inc. (Address: 22000 AOL Way, Dulles, VA 20166). 

            Minimum Age: 13 years old 

        BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT. AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE FOR US USERS. YOU AND US BOTH AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, CONTROVERSIES OR CLAIMS THAT IN ANY WAY ARISE OUT OF OR RELATE TO THESE TERMS OR FROM ANY SERVICES YOU RECEIVE FROM US (OR FROM ANY ADVERTISING FOR ANY SUCH SERVICES), INCLUDING ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND OUR EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS (‘DISPUTE(S)’), ONLY BY ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, ARBITRATION OR A SMALL CLAIMS ACTION WILL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MEANS OF RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN US. YOU ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU AND WE ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO BRING A CLAIM TO COURT OR IN FRONT OF A JURY (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE BROUGHT IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT), AND THAT YOU AND WE ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO PROCEED WITH ANY CLASS ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. WHILE ARBITRATION PROCEDURES MAY BE DIFFERENT TO COURT PROCEDURES, AN ARBITRATOR CAN AWARD YOU INDIVIDUALLY THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF AS A COURT, AND JUDGMENT ON THE AWARD RENDERED BY THE ARBITRATOR MAY BE ENTERED AND ENFORCED IN ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION THEREOF. THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND THAT IN THE ABSENCE OF THIS MANDATORY PROVISION, THEY WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. THEY FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT, IN SOME INSTANCES, THE COSTS OF ARBITRATION COULD EXCEED THE COSTS OF LITIGATION AND THE RIGHT TO DISCOVERY MAY BE MORE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION THAN IN COURT. We also both agree that:

            Notice of Dispute. If either you or we intend to arbitrate under these Terms, the party seeking arbitration must first notify the other party of the Dispute in writing at least 30 days in advance of initiating the arbitration. Notice to us should be sent either by post to Yahoo, Attn: Disputes, 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089; or disputes@yahooinc.com. Notice to you will be sent to your email address(es) and street address(es), if any, that we have in our records at the time the notice is sent. The notice must describe the nature of the claim and the relief being sought. If we are unable to resolve the Dispute within 30 days, either party may then proceed to file a claim for arbitration. 

            Arbitration Procedure. The U.S. Federal Arbitration Act applies to these Terms. Except for small claims court cases, any and all Disputes will be resolved by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (‘AAA’). The AAA will apply the Commercial Arbitration Rules to the arbitration of any Dispute pursuant to these Terms, unless you are an individual and use the Services for personal or household use, in which case the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules will apply (excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions). You can get procedures (including the process for beginning an arbitration), rules and fee information from the AAA (www.adr.org). These Terms govern to the extent they conflict with the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules or Consumer Arbitration Rules. 

            Small Claims Court Option. As an alternative to arbitration, you may bring an individual action in small claims court in your county of residence (or if a business, your principal place of business) or Santa Clara County, California provided that your Dispute meets the requirements of the small claims court.

            Arbitration Location. Unless you and we agree otherwise, the arbitration must take place, or the small claims action must be filed, in the county of your primary residence or Santa Clara County, California.

            Arbitration Fees and Expenses. We will reimburse any filing fee that the AAA charges you for arbitration of the Dispute. If you provide us with signed written notice that you cannot pay the filing fee, we will pay the fee directly to the AAA. If the arbitration proceeds, we will also pay any administrative and arbitrator fees charged later. 

            Settlement Offers. We may, but are not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before or during arbitration. The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator unless and until the arbitrator issues an award on the claim. If you do not accept the offer and the arbitrator awards you an amount of money that is more than our offer but less than USD 5,000, we agree to: (a) pay you USD 5,000 instead of the lower amount awarded, (b) pay your reasonable legal fees and costs, and (c) reimburse any arbitration filing fees and arbitrator fees and expenses incurred in connection with the arbitration of your Dispute. If the arbitrator awards you more than USD 5,000 and we are not challenging the award, then we will pay you the amount of the award.

            Severability. If any part of this agreement to arbitrate is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the court will reform the agreement to the extent necessary to cure the unenforceable part(s), and the parties will arbitrate their Dispute(s) without reference to or reliance upon the unenforceable part(s). However, if for any reason the Class Action Waiver set forth below in subsection 14.2.c cannot be enforced as to some or all of the Dispute, then the agreement to arbitrate will not apply to that Dispute or portion thereof. Any Disputes covered by any deemed unenforceable Class Action Waiver provision may only be litigated in a court of competent jurisdiction, but the remainder of the agreement to arbitrate will be binding and enforceable. To avoid any doubt or uncertainty, the parties do not agree to class arbitration or to the arbitration of any claims brought on behalf of others.

        CLASS ACTION WAIVER FOR US USERS. THESE TERMS DO NOT ALLOW CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ARBITRATIONS, EVEN IF THE AAA PROCEDURES OR RULES WOULD. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD MONEY OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOUR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE THE RELIEF WARRANTED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM. ARBITRATION OR COURT PROCEEDINGS HELD UNDER THESE TERMS CANNOT BE BROUGHT, MAINTAINED OR RESOLVED ON BEHALF OF OR BY A CLASS, AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY-GENERAL, OR IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. IN ADDITION, INDIVIDUAL PROCEEDINGS CANNOT BE COMBINED WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF ALL OF THE PARTIES. ANY QUESTION REGARDING THE ENFORCEABILITY OR INTERPRETATION OF THIS PARAGRAPH WILL BE DECIDED BY A COURT AND NOT THE ARBITRATOR.

        JURY TRIAL WAIVER FOR US USERS. IF FOR ANY REASON A DISPUTE PROCEEDS IN COURT RATHER THAN THROUGH ARBITRATION, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT THERE WILL NOT BE A JURY TRIAL. YOU AND WE UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS PARAGRAPH MAY BE FILED TO SHOW A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.

        Choice of Law. These Terms and the relationship between the parties, including any claim or dispute that might arise between the parties, whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions. In no event will the parties bring claims against one another under the laws of another jurisdiction. 

        Forum. If for any reason a Dispute proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, all such Disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to these Terms, or the relationship between you and us, will be brought exclusively in the courts located in the county of New York, New York or the US. District Court for the Southern District of New York. In such cases, you and we agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of New York, New York or the Southern District of New York, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts.

        Customer Support. Below are links for Customer Support. 

            Customer Support for AOL-branded products

            Customer Support for other products (English)

            Customer Support for other products (Spanish)

        Community Guidelines. The Yahoo Community Guidelines can be found below:

            English version

            Spanish version 

        The Services are ‘commercial computer software’ and ‘commercial items’ as these terms are used in the U.S. Federal Acquisition Regulation system, and the rights of the United States are only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein and will not exceed the minimum rights set forth in FAR 52.227-19.

        Closed Captioning. Yahoo complies with applicable U.S. Federal Communications Commission rules and regulations regarding the closed captioning of video content. Please visit https://www.yahooinc.com/accessibility/captioning/ for more information or to register any concerns or complaints regarding video content accessible on the Yahoo network of properties.

        In New Jersey, all of the limitations on liability set forth in Section 9 shall apply except nothing in these Terms will exclude or limit liability for intentional torts, wilful acts, gross negligence or a violation of a statutorily imposed duty. 

        You agree to not use the Services to provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source or ownership of material support or resources) to any organisation(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organisation pursuant to section 219 of the U.S. Immigration and Nationality Act.



    Argentina (ar), Chile (cl), Colombia (co), Hong Kong (hk), Mexico (mx), Peru (pe) and Venezuela (ve): 

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity: Yahoo International Inc. (Address: 1921 NW 87 Avenue, Doral, FL 33172, USA)

            Minimum Age: 13 years old 

        BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT. AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. YOU AND YAHOO BOTH AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, CONTROVERSIES OR CLAIMS THAT IN ANY WAY ARISE OUT OF OR RELATE TO THESE TERMS OR FROM ANY SERVICES YOU RECEIVE FROM US (OR FROM ANY ADVERTISING FOR ANY SUCH SERVICES), INCLUDING ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND OUR EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS (‘DISPUTE(S)’), ONLY BY ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, ARBITRATION OR A SMALL CLAIMS ACTION WILL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MEANS OF RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN US. YOU ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU AND YAHOO ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO BRING A CLAIM TO COURT OR IN FRONT OF A JURY (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE BROUGHT IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT), AND THAT YOU AND YAHOO ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO PROCEED WITH ANY CLASS ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. WHILE ARBITRATION PROCEDURES MAY BE DIFFERENT TO COURT PROCEDURES, AN ARBITRATOR CAN AWARD YOU INDIVIDUALLY THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF AS A COURT, AND JUDGMENT ON THE AWARD RENDERED BY THE ARBITRATOR MAY BE ENTERED AND ENFORCED IN ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION THEREOF. THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND THAT IN THE ABSENCE OF THIS MANDATORY PROVISION, THEY WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. THEY FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT, IN SOME INSTANCES, THE COSTS OF ARBITRATION COULD EXCEED THE COSTS OF LITIGATION AND THE RIGHT TO DISCOVERY MAY BE MORE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION THAN IN COURT. We also both agree that:

            Notice of Dispute. If either you or we intend to arbitrate under these Terms, the party seeking arbitration must first notify the other party of the Dispute in writing at least 30 days in advance of initiating the arbitration. Notice to us should be sent to us either by post to Yahoo, Attn: Disputes, 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089; or disputes@yahooinc.com. Notice to you will be sent to your email address(es) and street address(es), if any, that we have in our records at the time the notice is sent. The notice must describe the nature of the claim and the relief being sought. If we are unable to resolve the Dispute within 30 days, either party may then proceed to file a claim for arbitration.

            Arbitration Procedure. The U.S. Federal Arbitration Act applies to these Terms. Except for small claims court cases, any and all Disputes will be resolved by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (‘AAA’). The AAA will apply the Commercial Arbitration Rules to the arbitration of any Dispute pursuant to these Terms, unless you are an individual and use the Services for personal or household use, in which case the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules will apply (excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions). You can get procedures (including the process for beginning an arbitration), rules and fee information from the AAA (www.adr.org). These Terms govern to the extent they conflict with the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules or Consumer Arbitration Rules. 

            Small claims Court option. As an alternative to arbitration, you may bring an individual action in small claims court in your county of residence (or if a business, your principal place of business) or Santa Clara County, California provided that your Dispute meets the requirements of the small claims court.

            Arbitration location. Unless you and we agree otherwise, the arbitration must take place, or the small claims action must be filed, in the county of your primary residence or Santa Clara County, California. 

             Arbitration Fees and Expenses. We will reimburse any filing fee that the AAA charges you for arbitration of the Dispute. If you provide us with signed written notice that you cannot pay the filing fee, we will pay the fee directly to the AAA. If the arbitration proceeds, we will also pay any administrative and arbitrator fees charged later. 

            Settlement Offers. We may, but are not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before or during arbitration. The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator unless and until the arbitrator issues an award on the claim. If you do not accept the offer and the arbitrator awards you an amount of money that is more than our offer but less than USD 5,000, we agree to: (a) pay you USD 5,000 instead of the lower amount awarded, (b) pay your reasonable legal fees and costs, and (c) reimburse any arbitration filing fees and arbitrator fees and expenses incurred in connection with the arbitration of your Dispute. If the arbitrator awards you more than USD 5,000 and we are not challenging the award, then we will pay you the amount of the award.

            Severability. If any part of this agreement to arbitrate is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the court will reform the agreement to the extent necessary to cure the unenforceable part(s), and the parties will arbitrate their Dispute(s) without reference to or reliance upon the unenforceable part(s). However, if for any reason the Class Action Waiver set forth below in subsection 14.1.f cannot be enforced as to some or all of the Dispute, then the agreement to arbitrate will not apply to that Dispute or portion thereof. Any Disputes covered by any deemed unenforceable Class Action Waiver provision may only be litigated in a court of competent jurisdiction, but the remainder of the agreement to arbitrate will be binding and enforceable. To avoid any doubt or uncertainty, the parties do not agree to class arbitration or to the arbitration of any claims brought on behalf of others.

        CLASS ACTION WAIVER. THESE TERMS DO NOT ALLOW CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ARBITRATIONS, EVEN IF THE AAA PROCEDURES OR RULES WOULD. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD MONEY OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOUR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE THE RELIEF WARRANTED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM. ARBITRATION OR COURT PROCEEDINGS HELD UNDER THESE TERMS CANNOT BE BROUGHT, MAINTAINED OR RESOLVED ON BEHALF OF OR BY A CLASS, AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY-GENERAL, OR IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. IN ADDITION, INDIVIDUAL PROCEEDINGS CANNOT BE COMBINED WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF ALL OF THE PARTIES. ANY QUESTION REGARDING THE ENFORCEABILITY OR INTERPRETATION OF THIS PARAGRAPH WILL BE DECIDED BY A COURT AND NOT THE ARBITRATOR.

        JURY TRIAL WAIVER. IF FOR ANY REASON A DISPUTE PROCEEDS IN COURT RATHER THAN THROUGH ARBITRATION, YOU AND YAHOO AGREE THAT THERE WILL NOT BE A JURY TRIAL. YOU AND YAHOO UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS PARAGRAPH MAY BE FILED TO SHOW A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.

        Choice of Law. These Terms and the relationship between the parties, including any claim or dispute that might arise between the parties, whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions. In no event will the parties bring claims against one another under the laws of another jurisdiction. 

        Forum. If for any reason a Dispute proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, all such Disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to these Terms, or the relationship between you and us, will be brought exclusively in the courts located in the county of New York, New York or the US. District Court for the Southern District of New York. In such cases, you and we agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of New York, New York or the Southern District of New York, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts.

        Customer Support. Below are links for Customer Support. 

            Argentina

            Chile

            Colombia

            Hong Kong

            Mexico

            Peru

            Venezuela

        Community Guidelines. Our Community Guidelines can be found here.

        The Services are ‘commercial computer software’ and ‘commercial items’ as these terms are used in the U.S. Federal Acquisition Regulation system, and the rights of the United States are only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein and will not exceed the minimum rights set forth in FAR 52.227-19.

        Closed Captioning. Yahoo complies with applicable U.S. Federal Communications Commission rules and regulations regarding the closed captioning of video content. Please visit https://www.yahooinc.com/accessibility/captioning/ for more information or to register any concerns or complaints regarding video content accessible on the Yahoo network of properties.

        In New Jersey, all of the limitations on liability set forth in Section 9 shall apply except nothing in these Terms will exclude or limit liability for intentional torts, wilful acts, gross negligence or a violation of a statutorily imposed duty. 

        You agree to not use the Services to provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source or ownership of material support or resources) to any organisation(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organisation pursuant to section 219 of the U.S. Immigration and Nationality Act.

    Brazil (br): 

        Defined Terms

            Applicable Yahoo Entity: Yahoo do Brasil Internet Ltda. (Address: Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3.600 - 9o andar, São Paulo/SP, 04538-132, Brazil)

            Minimum Age: 13 years old (however, if you are between 13 and 18 years old, you must have parental or legal guardian permission in order to agree with our Terms and to use the Service).

        Services Provided: OneSearch, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Search, Yahoo News, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Sports and Yahoo LifeStyle. If you use any of these services while you are within Brazil, or are otherwise contracting with Yahoo do Brasil Internet Ltda., the services are provided by Yahoo do Brasil Internet Ltda. The region specific provisions in Section 14.4 shall apply to such use and supersede anything to the contrary in Section 1 or Section 13(a) of these Terms.

        Other Services: Services not listed in Section 14.4(b) are not provided by Yahoo do Brasil Internet Ltda., which has no powers or capabilities to take any measures in relation to them, including accessing or disclosing user data and/or removing user generated content.

        Choice of Law. The Terms and the relationship between you and Yahoo do Brasil Internet Ltda. will be governed by the laws of Federative Republic of Brazil without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

        Customer Support. For customer support, see this page.

        Protecting our systems and our users’ information is paramount to ensuring that Yahoo users enjoy a secure user experience and maintaining our users’ trust. To learn more about security, including the steps we have taken and steps you can take, please read our online article by clicking here.

        YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE AND THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES INVOLVE THE COLLECTION, STORAGE, PROCESSING, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AND USER DATA, INCLUDING THE TRANSFER OF INFORMATION AND DATA TO OTHER COMPANIES AND TERRITORIES, AS STATED IN THE PRIVACY POLICY.

    Canada (ca and cf): 

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity: Yahoo Canada Corp. (Address: 99 Spadina Avenue, Suite 200, Toronto, Ontario M5V 3P8). 

            Minimum Age: Legal age to form a binding contract in your province or territory of residence.

        Choice of Law. These Terms and the relationship between the parties, including any claim or dispute that might arise between the parties, whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be governed by the laws of the province of Ontario without regard to its conflict of law provisions. In no event shall the parties bring claims against one another under the laws of another jurisdiction. 

        Forum. Any claim against us shall be brought exclusively in the courts located within the province of Ontario, Canada. In such cases, you and we agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the province of Ontario, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to a venue in such courts.

        Customer Support. Below are links for Customer Support. 

            Customer Support (English)

            Customer Support (French)

        Updates. We may automatically download and install the latest version of the Services on your device once a new version or feature is available.

        Some provinces and territories do not allow for the exclusion of warranties (including the province of Quebec). In these provinces and territories, you only have the warranties that are expressly required to be provided in accordance with applicable law.

        Some provinces and territories do not provide exclusion of limitation of liability for all types of damages (including the province of Quebec). In these provinces, we will only be liable to you for damages for which we are expressly required to be liable to you under applicable law.

    Australia (au):

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity:

                For OneSearch, Yahoo Lifestyle, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo News, Yahoo Search, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Together, Yahoo TV and Yahoo Weather, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo Australia Pty Ltd (Address: Level 4 West, 8 Central Avenue, Eveleigh NSW 2015, Australia) and the following terms apply: (a) The Terms and the relationship between you and Yahoo Australia Pty Ltd will be governed by the laws of the state of New South Wales without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and (b) you and Yahoo Australia Pty Ltd agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the state of New South Wales.

                For other services, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo Inc. (Address: 22000 AOL Way, Dulles, VA 20166), and for such Services, the terms of Section 14.2 (United States) apply.

            Minimum Age: 13 years old 

        Customer Support. For customer support, see this page.

    Reserved.

    India (in):

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity:

                For OneSearch, Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Search, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo India Private Limited (CIN: U72900MH2000PTC138698) Regd. Office: 03-106, 3rd Floor, WeWork Oberoi Commerz II, 1 Mohan Gokhale Rd,Colony No 2, Aarey Colony, Mumbai – 400 063, Maharashtra, India and the following terms apply: (a) ‘Minimum Age’ means 13 years old, provided that if you are between 13 and 18 years of age, you have parental or legal guardian permission to use the Services or register for an account, (b) you must be at least 13 years old in order to agree with our Terms, provided that if you are between 13 and 18 years of age, you have parental or legal guardian permission to do so, (c) the Terms and the relationship between you and Yahoo India Private Limited will be governed by the laws of India without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and (d) you and Yahoo India Private Limited agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located at Mumbai, India.

                For other Services:

                    The Applicable Yahoo Entity is the same one that is specified to be the provider in respect of a specific Service, and the Terms and the relationship between you and the Applicable Yahoo Entity will be governed by the laws of the place of incorporation of the Applicable Yahoo Entity; or

                    If no Yahoo Entity is specified to be the provider in respect of a specific Service, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo Inc. (Address: 22000 AOL Way, Dulles, VA 20166), and for such Services, the terms of Section 14.2 (United States) apply. 

        Customer Support. For customer support, see this page.

        Yahoo India Grievance Officer. For the Yahoo India Grievance Officer, see this page.

        Click here for an important Supreme Court Order passed by the Honourable Supreme Court of India relating to a prohibition on advertisement under the PCPNDT Act, 1994.

    Japan (jp):

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity: 

                For AutoBlog Japan, TechCrunch Japan, Engadget Japan, Aol.jp and AOL Mail, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Boundless Inc. (Address: 2-27-25 Minamiaoyama, Minato-ku, Tokyo 10 7-0062 Japan).

                For Yahoo Japan-branded products that are accessible in Japan, these products are provided by a third-party. 

                For all other Services, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo Inc. (Address: 22000 AOL Way, Dulles, VA 20166).

            Minimum Age: 18 years old (however, if you are 18 or 19 years old, you must have the permission of a parent or legal guardian in order to agree to the Terms and to use the Services) 

        Choice of Law. The Terms and relationship between you and us will be governed by the laws of Japan without regard to its conflict of law provision.

        Forum. You and we submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tokyo District Court, Japan.

        Modifying the Services; Modifying these Terms

            When we modify the Services as outlined in Section 7(a), or we modify these Term pursuant to Section 12(b), we will notify you a reasonable amount of time in advance of any modifications that will be of material disadvantage to you or materially limit your access to or usage of the Services.

            For modifications to these Terms or the Services that we need to make in order to meet security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to notify you in advance, but we will let you know as soon as practicable after such modification is made.

        Limitation of Liability. Nothing in these Terms affects any legal rights that you are entitled to as a consumer under Japanese law which cannot be contractually altered or waived. Accordingly, if the contract regarding the use of the Services pursuant to these Terms is deemed a consumer contract under the Consumer Contract Act of Japan, some of the exclusions and limitations in Section 9 of these Terms will not apply to you for liability resulting from our wilful misconduct or gross negligence.

        Customer Support. For customer service, please see this page. 

    New Zealand (nz):

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity:

                For OneSearch, Yahoo Entertainment, Yahoo Lifestyle, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo News, Yahoo Search and Yahoo Sport the Applicable Yahoo Company is Yahoo New Zealand Limited (Address: Level 1, 22-28 Customs Street East, Auckland 1010 New Zealand) and the following terms apply: (a) The Terms and the relationship between you and Yahoo New Zealand Limited will be governed by the laws of New Zealand without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and (b) you and Yahoo New Zealand Limited agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New Zealand.

                For other services, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo Inc. (Address: 22000 AOL Way, Dulles, VA 20166), and for such Services, the terms of Section 14.2 (United States) apply.

            Minimum Age: 13 years old 

        Customer Support. For customer support, see this page.

    Singapore (sg), Indonesia (id), Malaysia (my), Philippines (ph), Thailand (th) or Vietnam (vn): 

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity: 

                For OneSearch, Yahoo Calendar, Yahoo Celebrity, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo News, Yahoo Search, Yahoo Style, Yahoo Travel, Yahoo TV, Yahoo Weather and Aviate, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo! Singapore Digital Marketing Pte. Ltd. (Address: 60 Anson Road, #12-01 Mapletree Anson, Singapore 079914) and the following terms apply: (a) the Terms and the relationship between you and Yahoo! Singapore Digital Marketing Pte. Ltd. will be governed by the laws of Singapore without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and (b) you and Yahoo! Singapore Digital Marketing Pte. Ltd. agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore. 

                For other Services:

                    The Applicable Yahoo Entity is the Yahoo Entity that is specified to be the provider in respect of a specific Service, and the Terms and the relationship between you and the Applicable Yahoo Entity will be governed by the laws of the place of incorporation of the Applicable Yahoo Entity; or

                    If no Yahoo Entity is specified to be the provider in respect of a specific Service, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo Inc. (Address: 22000 AOL Way, Dulles, VA 20166), and for such Services, the terms of Section 14.2 (United States) apply.

            Minimum Age: 13 years old 

        Customer Support. Below are links for Customer Support. 

            Singapore

            Indonesia

            Malaysia

            Philippines

            Thailand

            Vietnam

    Taiwan (tw):

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity: 

                For OneSearch, Yahoo Auctions, Yahoo Cars, Yahoo Charity, Yahoo Dictionary, Yahoo Esports, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Games, Yahoo House, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Money, Yahoo Movies, Yahoo News, Yahoo Search, Yahoo Shopping, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Stock, Yahoo Store Marketplace, Yahoo Style, Yahoo Travel, Yahoo TV, Yahoo Weather and Aviate, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo! Taiwan Holdings Limited, Taiwan Branch (Address: 14F, No.66 Sanchong Rd, Nangang District, Taipei, 115, Taiwan) and the following terms apply: (a) The Terms and the relationship between you and Yahoo! Taiwan Holdings Limited, Taiwan Branch will be governed by the laws of the Republic of China (ROC) without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and (b) you and Yahoo! Taiwan Holdings Limited, Taiwan Branch agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Taipei District Court located in Taiwan, ROC.

                For other Services:

                    The Applicable Yahoo Entity is the Yahoo Entity that is specified to be the provider in respect of a specific Service, and the Terms and the relationship between you and the Applicable Yahoo Entity will be governed by the laws of the place of incorporation of the Applicable Yahoo Entity; or

                    If no Yahoo Entity is specified to be the provider in respect of a specific Service, the Applicable Yahoo Entity is Yahoo Inc. (Address: 22000 AOL Way, Dulles, VA 20166), and for such Services, the terms of Section 14.2 (United States) apply.

            Minimum Age: 13 years old 

        Customer Support. For customer support, see this page.

    

    Europe, Middle East and Africa

        Defined Terms 

            Applicable Yahoo Entity: Yahoo EMEA Limited (Address: 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland)

            Minimum Age: For EU Member States, the Minimum Age is 16 or the lower age that a Member State has provided for you to consent to the processing of your personal data. For countries outside the EU the Minimum Age is 13. 

        Choice of Law. These Terms and their operation, interpretation or formation, and the relationship between the parties, including any claim or dispute that might arise between the parties (including non-contractual claims or disputes) will be governed by the laws of Ireland without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 

        Forum. Except to the extent set out in paragraph (d) below, you and we agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts in respect of any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with these Terms or their operation, interpretation or formation (including non-contractual claims or disputes). In such cases, you and we agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Ireland, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to the venue of such courts.

        If you reside in a European Union country, nothing in these Terms, including paragraphs (b) and (c) above, affects your right to rely on any applicable mandatory local law or choice of jurisdiction provision that cannot be varied by contract. The European Commission provides an online dispute resolution platform, which you can access at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. 

        Customer Support. Below are links for Customer Support. 

            Ireland

            UK

            Germany

            France

            Spain

            Italy

            All other countries

        Modifying the Services; Modifying these Terms

            Where we modify the Services as outlined in Section 7(a), or we modify these Terms pursuant to Section 12(b), we will tell you a reasonable amount of time in advance of any modifications that will materially disadvantage our users or materially limit the access or usage of Services. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of any such modifications means that you agree to the Services or the Terms as modified. 

            For modifications to the Terms or to the Services that we need to make to meet security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to notify you in advance but we will let you know as soon as practicable.

        Notice of cancellation, suspension or limitation of the Services or your account.

            Despite subsection (f) above and without prejudice to your statutory rights, we may, without notice, temporarily or permanently suspend or cancel your account, or impose limits on or restrict your access to parts or all of your account or the Services:

                if you violate, or we believe you are about to violate, the Terms, including any incorporated agreements, policies or guidelines;

                in response to requests by law enforcement or other government agencies under valid legal process;

                due to unexpected technical or security issues or problems; or

                if your account shows extended periods of inactivity in accordance with our account deletion policy.

        If we permanently suspend or terminate your account, we will notify you in advance and allow you reasonable time to access and save information, files and content associated with your account unless we have reason to believe that continued access to your account will violate applicable legal provisions, requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, or cause damage to us or to third parties.

        Cooling-off period for EU consumers. The following provisions supplement Section 11 (Fee-based services and billing).

            If you are a consumer living in the EU, you can cancel your fee-based Service without giving a reason within 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the contract. You can notify us by completing and submitting this form or if you have no other option, by returning this form to us by post. You must send your notification to us before expiry of the 14-day cancellation period. 

            Exceptions. If you purchase digital content not supplied in a tangible medium from us, you agree that the cancellation period expires immediately once you begin to download or stream the digital content.

            Reimbursement. We will reimburse all payments received from you for the fee-based Service no later than 14 days from the day on which we received your cancellation notification. Unless you expressly agree otherwise, we will use the same means of payment as used for the initial transaction. You agree that if you start using the fee-based Service before the end of the cancellation period, you will be liable for all charges incurred up to the date of cancellation.

        Auto-Renewal. In addition to Section 11(b)(v), the following shall apply: If your subscription is auto-renewed and the price has increased, you will be notified of the applicable new price and you will be allowed to terminate your subscription within a period of 14 days upon receipt of the notice. In such case the new price will not become effective and your subscription will end at the end of the term.

        Exclusions and limitations of liability. Nothing in the Terms affects any legal rights that you are entitled to as a consumer under Irish and EU law which cannot be contractually altered or waived. Accordingly, some of the exclusions and limitations in Sections 8 and 9 of the Terms will not apply to you if you are a consumer living in a European Union country. 

        Our liability. Despite Section 9, we accept responsibility for fraudulent representations made by us or if you are injured or die as a direct result of our negligence in connection with the Services. 

        Additional terms for Italian users can be found here. 

        Additional terms for German users can be found here. 

Last updated: 25 January 2022

Terms of Service
Last Updated on November 27, 2012. These terms and conditions are effective immediately for those registering accounts after that date and will become effective December 27, 2012 for those with pre-existing accounts. To review the previous terms, please click here.

These terms and conditions (the "Terms") govern your access to and use of Yelp's websites and mobile applications that link to or reference these Terms ("Site"). By accessing or using the Site, you are agreeing to these Terms and concluding a legally binding contract with Yelp Ireland Ltd., a company incorporated in Ireland ("Yelp"). Do not access or use the Site if you are unwilling or unable to be bound by the Terms.

DEFINITIONS
Parties
"You" and "your" refer to you, as a user of the Site. A "user" is someone who accesses, browses, crawls, scrapes, or in any way uses the Site. "We", "us", and "our" refer to Yelp.

Content
"Content" means text, images, photos, audio, video, location data, and all other forms of data or communication. "Your Content" means Content that you submit or transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site, such as ratings, reviews, compliments, invitations, check-ins, messages, and information that you publicly display or displayed in your account profile. "User Content" means Content that users submit or transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site. "Yelp Content" means Content that we create and make available in connection with the Site. "Third Party Content" means Content that originates from parties other than Yelp or its users, which is made available in connection with the Site. "Site Content" means all of the Content that is made available in connection with the Site, including Your Content, User Content, Third Party Content, and Yelp Content.

CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE
We may modify the Terms from time to time. The most current version of these Terms will be located here. You understand and agree that your access to or use of the Site is governed by the Terms effective at the time of your access to or use of the Site. If we make material changes to these Terms, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Site prior to the effective date of the changes. We will also indicate at the top of this page the date that revisions were last made. You should revisit these Terms on a regular basis as revised versions will be binding on you. Any such modification will be effective upon our posting of new Terms. You understand and agree that your continued access to or use of the Site after the effective date of modifications to the Terms indicates your acceptance of the modifications.

TRANSLATION
We may translate these Terms into other languages for your convenience. Nevertheless, the English version governs your relationship with Yelp, and any inconsistencies among the different versions will be resolved in favor of the English version.

USING THE SITE
Eligibility
To access or use the Site, you must be 18 years or older and have the requisite power and authority to enter into these Terms. You may not access or use the Site if you are a competitor of ours or if we have previously banned you from the Site or closed your account.

Permission to Use the Site
We grant you permission to use the Site subject to the restrictions in these Terms. Your use of the Site is at your own risk, including the risk that you might be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, objectionable, or otherwise inappropriate.

Site Availability
The Site may be modified, updated, interrupted, suspended or discontinued at any time without notice or liability.

User Accounts
You must create an account and provide certain information about yourself in order to use some of the features that are offered through the Site. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password. You are also responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. We reserve the right to close your account at any time for any or no reason.

Your account is for your personal, non-commercial use only. In creating it, we ask that you provide complete and accurate information about yourself to bolster your credibility as a contributor to the Site. You may not impersonate someone else (e.g., adopt the identity of a celebrity or your next-door neighbor), create or use an account for anyone other than yourself, provide an email address other than your own, or create multiple accounts. If you use a pseudonym, take care to note that others may still be able to identify you if, for example, you include identifying information in your reviews, use the same account information on other sites, or allow other sites to share information about you with Yelp. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.

Communications from Yelp and other Users
By creating an account, you agree to receive certain communications in connection with the Site. For example, you might receive compliments or friend requests from other Users. You will also receive our weekly e-mail newsletter about happenings in your neighborhood. You can opt-out of non-essential communications here.

CONTENT
Responsibility for Your Content
You alone are responsible for Your Content, and once published, it cannot always be withdrawn. You assume all risks associated with Your Content, including anyone's reliance on its quality, accuracy, or reliability, or any disclosure by you of information in Your Content that makes you personally identifiable. You represent that you own, or have the necessary permissions to use and authorize the use of Your Content as described herein. You may not imply that Your Content is in any way sponsored or endorsed by Yelp.

You may expose yourself to liability if, for example, Your Content contains material that is false, intentionally misleading, or defamatory; violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; contains material that is unlawful, including illegal hate speech or pornography; exploits or otherwise harms minors; or violates or advocates the violation of any law or regulation.

Our Right to Use Your Content
We may use Your Content in a number of different ways, including publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to do the same in connection with their own websites and media platforms ("Other Media"). As such, you hereby irrevocably grant us world-wide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, assignable, sublicensable, transferable rights to use Your Content for any purpose. Please note that you also irrevocably grant the users of the Site and any Other Media the right to access Your Content in connection with their use of the Site and any Other Media. Finally, you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against Yelp and its users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content. By "use" we mean use, copy, publicly perform and display, reproduce, distribute, modify, translate, remove, analyze, commercialize, and prepare derivative works of Your Content.

Ownership
As between you and Yelp, you own Your Content. We own the Yelp Content, including but not limited to visual interfaces, interactive features, graphics, design, compilation, including, but not limited to, our compilation of User Content and other Site Content, computer code, products, software, aggregate user review ratings, and all other elements and components of the Site excluding Your Content, User Content and Third Party Content. We also own the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and other intellectual and proprietary rights throughout the world ("IP Rights") associated with the Yelp Content and the Site, which are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, trademark laws and all other applicable intellectual and proprietary rights and laws. As such, you may not modify, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display or in any way exploit any of the Yelp Content in whole or in part except as expressly authorized by us. Except as expressly and unambiguously provided herein, we do not grant you any express or implied rights, and all rights in and to the Site and the Yelp Content are retained by us.

Advertising
Yelp and its licensees may publicly display advertisements and other information adjacent to or included with Your Content. You are not entitled to any compensation for such advertisements. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising are subject to change without specific notice to you.

Content Feeds
We make some of the Site Content ("Feed Content") available via Real Simple Syndication and Atom feeds ("Feeds"). You may access and use the Feeds in order to display Feed Content on your personal computer, website, or blog ("Your Site"), provided that (i) your use of the Feeds is for personal, non-commercial purposes only, (ii) your display of the Feed Content links back to the relevant pages on Yelp's websites, and attributes Yelp as the source of the Feed Content, (iii) your use or display of the Feed Content does not suggest that Yelp promotes or endorses any third party causes, ideas, websites, products or services, including Your Site, (iv) you do not redistribute the Feed Content, and (v) your use of the Feeds does not overburden Yelp's systems. Yelp reserves all rights in the Feed Content and may terminate the Feeds at any time. Please select "Partnerships" on our contacts page here to inquire about other possible uses of the Feeds.

Other
User Content (including any that may have been created by users employed or contracted by Yelp) does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Yelp. We reserve the right to remove, screen, edit, or reinstate User Content from time to time at our sole discretion for any reason or no reason, and without notice to you. For example, we may remove a review if we believe it violates our Content Guidelines. We have no obligation to retain or provide you with copies of Your Content, nor do we guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Your Content.

RESTRICTIONS
We are under no obligation to enforce the Terms on your behalf against another user. While we encourage you to let us know if you believe another user has violated the Terms, we reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action at our sole discretion.

You agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to use the Site to:
Violate our Content Guidelines, for example, by writing a fake or defamatory review, trading reviews with other businesses, or compensating someone or being compensated to write or remove a review;
Violate any third party's rights, including any breach of confidence, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;
Threaten, stalk, harm, or harass others, or promote bigotry or discrimination;
Promote a business or other commercial venture or event, or otherwise use the Site for commercial purposes, except in connection with a Business Account and as expressly permitted by Yelp;
Send bulk emails, surveys, or other mass messaging, whether commercial in nature or not; engage in keyword spamming, or otherwise attempt to manipulate the Site's search results or any third party website;
Solicit personal information from minors, or submit or transmit pornography; or
Violate any applicable law.
You also agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to:
Violate the Terms;
Modify, adapt, appropriate, reproduce, distribute, translate, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display, sell, trade, or in any way exploit the Site or Site Content (other than Your Content), except as expressly authorized by Yelp;
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index any portion of the Site or any Site Content;
Reverse engineer any portion of the Site;
Remove or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice that appears on any portion of the Site or on any materials printed or copied from the Site;
Record, process, or mine information about other users;
Access, retrieve or index any portion of the Site for purposes of constructing or populating a searchable database of business reviews;
Reformat or frame any portion of the Site;
Take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Yelp's technology infrastructure or otherwise make excessive traffic demands of the Site;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, user accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Site through hacking, password mining or any other means;
Use the Site or any Site Content to transmit any computer viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses or other items of a destructive nature (collectively, "Viruses");
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site, or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site;
Use the Site to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes; disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Site or Site Content; or
Remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any security-related features of the Site, features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of Site Content, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Site.
The restrictions above only apply to the extent permissible under applicable law. Nevertheless, you agree not to act contrary to them (even if permissible under applicable law) without providing 30 days' prior written notice to us here, together with any information that we may reasonably require to give us an opportunity to provide alternative remedies or otherwise accommodate you at our sole discretion.

GUIDELINES AND POLICIES
Content Guidelines
You represent that you have read and understood our Content Guidelines.

Privacy
You represent that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy. Note that we may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good faith belief that such a disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (ii) enforce or apply our Terms and Privacy Policy; (iii) comply with legal process or other government inquiry, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; or (iv) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. If you use the Site outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.

Copyright And Trademark Disputes
Please see our Infringement Policy for information about copyright and trademark disputes.

Events
Please see our Event Terms and Conditions for information about events listed on or linked to on the Site. You represent that you have read and understood them.

YELP DEALS AND YELP ADVERTISING
If you purchase a Yelp Deal or Gift Certificate, the terms of your purchase will be governed by the Yelp General Terms for Deals and Certificates. Please review them before you make each purchase since they may change from time to time. In the event of any conflict between the Yelp General Terms for Deals and Certificates and these Terms, the Yelp General Terms for Deals and Certificates will prevail.

Similarly, if you create a business owner's account on the Site or purchase advertising from Yelp, the Yelp Advertising Agreement will apply. In the event of any conflict between the Yelp Advertising Agreement and these Terms, the Yelp Advertising Agreement will prevail.

SUGGESTIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS
By sending us any ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals ("Feedback"), you agree that (i) your Feedback does not contain the confidential or proprietary information of third parties, (ii) we are under no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback, (iii) we may have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in development, and (iv) you grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, distribute and sublicense the Feedback, and you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against Yelp and its users any claims and assertions of any moral rights contained in such Feedback.

THIRD PARTIES
The Site may include links to other websites or applications (each, a "Third Party Site"). We do not control or endorse any Third Party Site. You agree that we are not responsible for the availability or contents of such Third Party Sites. Your use of Third Party Sites is at your own risk.

Some of the services made available through the Site may be subject to additional third party or open source licensing terms and disclosures, including the ones posted here and incorporated herein by reference.

INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Yelp, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, any related companies, suppliers, licensors and partners, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of them (collectively, the "Yelp Entities") harmless, including costs, liabilities and legal fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party arising out of or relating to (i) your access to or use of the Site, (ii) your violation of the Terms, (iii) any products or services purchased or obtained by you in connection with the Site, or (iv) the infringement by you, or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Yelp reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any such matter without the prior written consent of Yelp. Yelp will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.

DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY SINCE IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF THE YELP ENTITIES TO YOU. EACH OF THE SUBSECTIONS BELOW ONLY APPLIES UP TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. NOTHING HEREIN IS INTENDED TO LIMIT ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY LIMITED. IF YOU ARE UNSURE ABOUT THIS OR ANY OTHER SECTION OF THESE TERMS, PLEASE CONSULT WITH A LEGAL PROFESSIONAL PRIOR TO ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THIS SECTION. YOU ARE GIVING UP SUBSTANTIAL LEGAL RIGHTS BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS.

THE SITE IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU ON AN "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITH THE EXPRESS UNDERSTANDING THAT THE YELP ENTITIES MAY NOT MONITOR, CONTROL, OR VET USER CONTENT. AS SUCH, YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. THE YELP ENTITIES MAKE NO CLAIMS OR PROMISES ABOUT THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE SITE, ITS SAFETY OR SECURITY, OR THE SITE CONTENT. ACCORDINGLY, THE YELP ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MIGHT ARISE, FOR EXAMPLE, FROM THE SITE'S INOPERABILITY, UNAVAILABILITY OR SECURITY VULNERABILITIES OR FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE BUSINESS LISTINGS, RATINGS, REVIEWS (INCLUDING THEIR CONTENT, ORDER, AND DISPLAY), OR METRICS FOUND ON, USED ON, OR MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE.

THE YELP ENTITIES MAKE NO CLAIMS OR PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY, SUCH AS THE BUSINESSES OR ADVERTISERS LISTED ON THE SITE OR THE SITE'S USERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE YELP ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MIGHT ARISE FROM THEIR ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS, INCLUDING, FOR EXAMPLE, IF ANOTHER USER OR BUSINESS MISUSES YOUR CONTENT, IDENTITY OR PERSONAL INFORMATION, OR IF YOU HAVE A NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE WITH ONE OF THE BUSINESSES OR ADVERTISERS LISTED OR FEATURED ON THE SITE. YOUR PURCHASE AND USE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.

THE YELP ENTITIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES AS TO THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY BUSINESSES LISTED ON THE SITE, AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED TO YOU BY A REPRESENTATIVE OF ONE OF THE YELP ENTITIES SHALL CREATE A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY.

YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHT AND REMEDY IN CASE OF DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, RELATED SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER GRIEVANCE SHALL BE YOUR TERMINATION AND DISCONTINUATION OF ACCESS TO, OR USE OF THE SITE.

THE YELP ENTITIES' MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT YOU SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR THESE TERMS IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (i) THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO THE YELP ENTITIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY, OR (ii) Ã‚Â£100.

THE YELP ENTITIES DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY (i) INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, RELIANCE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, (ii) LOSS OF PROFITS, (iii) BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, (iv) REPUTATIONAL HARM, OR (v) LOSS OF INFORMATION OR DATA.

CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE
Irish law will govern these Terms, as well as any claim, cause of action or dispute that might arise between you and Yelp (a "Claim"), without regard to conflict of law provisions. FOR ANY CLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY, YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT AND CONSENT TO THE PERSONAL AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE COURTS OF DUBLIN, IRELAND.

TERMINATION
You may terminate the Terms at any time by closing your account, discontinuing your use of the Site, and providing Yelp with a notice of termination here. Please review our Privacy Policy	for information about what we do with your account when terminated.

We may close your account, suspend your ability to use certain portions of the Site, and/or ban you altogether from the Site for any or no reason, and without notice or liability of any kind. Any such action could prevent you from accessing your account, the Site, Your Content, Site Content, or any other related information.

In the event of any termination of these Terms, whether by you or us, Sections 1, 5, 6, 10 - 14 will continue in full force and effect, including our right to use Your Content as detailed in Section 5.

GENERAL TERMS
We reserve the right to modify, update, or discontinue the Site at our sole discretion, at any time, for any or no reason, and without notice or liability.
We may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms by email, regular mail or communications through the Site.
Except as otherwise stated in Section 10 above, nothing herein is intended, nor will be deemed, to confer rights or remedies upon any third party.
The Terms contain the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site, and supersede any prior agreement between you and us on such subject matter. The parties acknowledge that no reliance is placed on any representation made but not expressly contained in these Terms.
Any failure on Yelp's part to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
If any provision of the Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, then only that provision shall be modified to reflect the parties' intention or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
The Terms, and any rights or obligations hereunder, are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Yelp's prior written consent, but may be assigned or transferred by us without restriction. Any attempted assignment by you shall violate these Terms and be void.
The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Yelp Ireland Ltd., 70 Sir John RogersonÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland; CRO no: 484943; VAT no: IE 9753764M; Director: L. Wilson; Contact, Tel: +353.(0)1.4863212, Fax: +353.(0)1.4863220
Terms of Service
What’s in these Terms?

This index is designed to help you navigate our Terms of Service (Terms). We hope this serves as a useful guide, but please ensure you read the Terms in full.
Welcome to YouTube!

This section outlines our relationship with you. It includes a description of the Service, defines our Agreement, and names your service provider.
Who May Use the Service?

This section sets out certain requirements for use of the Service, and defines categories of users.
Your Use of the Service

This section explains your rights to use the Service, and the conditions that apply to your use of the Service. It also explains how we may make changes to the Service.
Your Content and Conduct

This section applies to users who provide Content to the Service. It defines the scope of the permissions that you grant by uploading your Content, and includes your agreement not to upload anything that infringes on anyone else’s rights. 
Account Suspension and Termination

This section explains how you and YouTube may terminate this relationship.
About Software in our Service

This section includes details about software on the Service.
Other Legal Terms

This section includes our service commitment to you. It also explains that there are some things we will not be responsible for.

About this Agreement

This section includes some further important details about our contract, including what to expect if we need to make changes to these Terms; or which law applies to them.
Terms of Service

Dated: January 5, 2022

English Courtesy Translation

TERMS OF SERVICE
Welcome to YouTube!
Introduction

Thank you for using the YouTube platform and the products, services and features we make available to you as part of the platform (collectively, the “Service”).  
Our Service

The Service allows you to discover, watch and share videos and other content, provides a forum for people to connect, inform, and inspire others across the globe, and acts as a distribution platform for original content creators and advertisers large and small. We provide lots of information about our products and how to use them in our Help Center. Amongst other things, you can find out about YouTube Kids, the YouTube Partner Program and YouTube Paid Memberships and Purchases. You can also read all about enjoying content on other devices like your television, your games console, or even Google Home.
Your Service Provider

The entity providing the Service in the European Economic Area and Switzerland is Google Ireland Limited, a company incorporated and operating under the laws of Ireland, (Registered Number: 368047), located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (referred to as “YouTube”, “we”, “us”, or “our”).  References to YouTube’s “Affiliates” in these terms means the other companies within the Alphabet Inc. corporate group pursuant to Section 15 Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz).
Applicable Terms

Your use of the Service is subject to these terms, the YouTube Community Guidelines and the Policy, Safety and Copyright Policies (together, the "Agreement"). Your Agreement with us will also include the Advertising on YouTube Policies if you provide advertising or sponsorships to the Service or incorporate paid promotions in your Content.

Please read this Agreement carefully and make sure you understand it. If you do not understand the Agreement, or do not accept any part of it, then you may not use the Service.
Who may use the Service?
Age Requirements

You may use the Service if you are at least 16 years old; however, children of all ages may use the Service and YouTube Kids (where available) if enabled by a parent or legal guardian.
Permission by Parent or Guardian

If you are under 18, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use the Service. Please have them read this Agreement with you.

You can find tools and resources to help you manage your family’s experience on YouTube (including how to enable a child under the age of 16 to use the Service and YouTube Kids) in our Help Center and through Google’s Family Link.
Businesses

If you are using the Service on behalf of a company or organisation, you confirm to us that you have authority to act on behalf of that entity, and that entity accepts this Agreement.
Your Use of the Service
Content on the Service

The content on the Service includes videos, audio (for example music and other sounds), graphics, photos, text (such as comments and scripts), branding (including trade names, trademarks, service marks, or logos), interactive features, software, metrics, and other materials (collectively, "Content”). Content may be provided to the Service and distributed by our users and YouTube is a provider of hosting services for such Content. Content is the responsibility of the person or entity that provides it to the Service. If you see any Content you believe does not comply with these terms, such as by violating the Community Guidelines or the law, you can report it to us.
Google Accounts and YouTube Channels

Some parts of the Service may be available without a Google account. However, you do need a Google account to use certain features. With a Google account, you may be able to like videos, subscribe to channels, create your own YouTube channel, and more. You can follow these instructions to create a Google account.

Creating a YouTube channel will give you access to additional features and functions, such as uploading videos, making comments or creating playlists. Here are some details about how to create your own YouTube channel.

To protect your Google account, keep your password confidential. You should not reuse your Google account password on third-party applications. Learn more about keeping your Google account secure, including what to do if you learn of any unauthorised use of your password or Google account.
Your Information

Our Privacy Policy explains how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use the Service. The YouTube Kids Privacy Notice provides additional information about our privacy practices that are specific to YouTube Kids.

We will process any audio or audiovisual content uploaded by you to the Service in accordance with the YouTube Data Processing Terms, except in cases where you uploaded such content for personal purposes or household activities. Learn More.
Permissions and Restrictions

You may access and use the Service as made available to you, as long as you comply with this Agreement and the law. You may view or listen to Content for your personal, non-commercial use. You may also show YouTube videos through the embeddable YouTube player.

The following restrictions apply to your use of the Service. You are not allowed to:

    access, reproduce, download, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, alter, modify or otherwise use any part of the Service or any Content except: (a) as specifically permitted by the Service;  (b) with prior written permission from YouTube and, if applicable, the respective rights holders; or (c) as permitted by applicable law;
    circumvent, disable, fraudulently engage, or otherwise interfere with the Service (or attempt to do any of these things), including security-related features or features that: (a) prevent or restrict the copying or other use of Content; or (b) limit the use of the Service or Content;
    access the Service using any automated means (such as robots, botnets or scrapers) except: (a) in the case of public search engines, in accordance with YouTube’s robots.txt file; (b) with YouTube’s prior written permission; or (c) as permitted by applicable law;
    collect or use any information that might identify a person (for example, harvesting usernames or faces), unless permitted by that person or allowed under section 3 above;
    use the Service to distribute unsolicited promotional or commercial content or other unwanted or mass solicitations (spam);
    cause or encourage any inaccurate measurements of genuine user engagement with the Service, including by paying people or providing them with incentives to increase a video’s views, likes, or dislikes, or to increase a channel’s subscribers, or otherwise manipulate metrics;
    misuse any reporting, flagging, complaint, dispute, or appeals process, including by making groundless, vexatious, or frivolous submissions;
    run contests on or through the Service that do not comply with YouTube’s contest policies and guidelines;
    use the Service to view or listen to Content other than for personal, non-commercial use (for example, you may not publicly screen videos or stream music from the Service); or
    use the Service to: (a) sell any advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on, around, or within the Service or Content, other than those allowed in the Advertising on YouTube policies (such as compliant product placements); or (b) sell advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of any website or application that only contains Content from the Service or where Content from the Service is the primary basis for such sales (for example, selling ads on a webpage where YouTube videos are the only content of value).

Reservation

Any right not expressly granted to you in this Agreement remains the right of YouTube or the respective rights holders. This means, for example, that using the Service does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in the Content you access (including any branding used on or displayed in the Service).
Develop, Improve and Update the Service

YouTube is constantly changing and improving the Service. As part of this continual evolution of our digital content and services, we may make modifications or changes (to all or part of the Service) such as adding or removing features and functionalities, offering new digital content or services or discontinuing old ones. We may also change the Service for these other reasons: to adapt to new technologies; to reflect increases or decreases in the number of people who use a particular product, service or feature; to respond to key changes in the licences and partnerships we have with others; to prevent abuse or harm; to address legal, regulatory, safety or security issues.

In particular, we sometimes make legally-required updates, which are modifications that keep digital content, services or goods in conformity with the law. We make these updates to our digital content and services for safety or security reasons, and to make sure they meet the quality standards that you expect, such as those described in our Legal Guarantee below.  We may automatically install updates that address significant safety or security risks. For other updates, you can choose whether you want them installed.

Before we change or stop offering any part of the Service, we carefully consider its “Zumutbarkeit”, your interests as a user, your reasonable expectations, and the potential impact on you and others. We only change or stop offering any part of the Service for valid reasons. If a modification negatively affects your ability to access or use the Service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice by email, including a description of the changes, when they’ll take place, and your right to end your contract with us if our modifications create more than a minor negative impact, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse or harm, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues. We’ll also provide you with an opportunity to export your Content using Google Takeout, subject to applicable law and policies. 
Your Content and Conduct
Uploading Content

If you have a YouTube channel, you may be able to upload Content to the Service. You may use your Content to promote your business or artistic enterprise. If you choose to upload Content, you must not submit to the Service any Content that does not comply with this Agreement or the law. For example, the Content you submit must not include third-party intellectual property (such as copyrighted material) unless you have permission from that party or are otherwise legally entitled to do so (including by way of any available exceptions or limitations to copyright or related rights provided for in European Union law). You are legally responsible for the Content you submit to the Service. We may use automated systems that analyze your Content to help detect infringement and abuse, such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Rights you Grant

You retain all of your ownership rights in your Content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours. However, we do require you to grant certain rights to YouTube and other users of the Service, as described below.
Licence to YouTube

By providing Content to the Service, you grant to YouTube and its Affiliates (including YouTube LLC, Google LLC and Google Commerce Limited) a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use that Content (including to host, to make publicly available, reproduce, distribute, modify, display and perform it, taking into account the moral rights) for the sole purpose of operating, and improving the Service (including through the use of third-party service providers), and only to the extent necessary therefore.
Licence to Other Users

You also grant each other user of the Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to access your Content through the Service, and to use that Content (including to reproduce, distribute, modify, display, and perform it, taking into account the moral rights) only to the extent necessary therefore and as enabled by a feature of the Service.
Duration of Licence

The licences granted by you continue until the Content is removed as described below. Once removed, the licences will terminate, except where you permitted the further use of Content after your removal, or the law requires otherwise.  For example, removal of Content by you does not require YouTube to: (a) recall Content that is being used by other users within any limited offline viewing functionality of the Service; or (b) delete copies we reasonably need to keep for legal purposes.

Right to Monetize

You grant to YouTube the right to monetize your Content on the Service (and such monetization may include displaying ads on or within Content or charging users a fee for access). This Agreement does not entitle you to any payments. Starting June 1, 2021, any payments you may be entitled to receive from YouTube under any other agreement between you and YouTube (including for example payments under the YouTube Partner Program, Channel memberships or Super Chat) will be treated as royalties.  If required by law, Google will withhold taxes from such payments.
Removing Your Content

You may remove your Content from the Service at any time. You also have the option to make a copy of your Content before removing it. You must remove your Content if you no longer have the rights required by these terms.

Removal of Content By YouTube

If there are objective and concrete reasons to believe that any of your Content (1) is in breach of this Agreement or (2) may cause harm to YouTube, our users, or third parties, we reserve the right to remove or take down some or all of such Content. We will notify you without undue delay and give you the reason for our action and the opportunity to remedy or stop such behaviour unless there are objective and concrete reasons to believe that to do so: (a) would violate the law or the direction of a legal enforcement authority, or would otherwise substantially risk legal liability for YouTube or our Affiliates; (b) would compromise an investigation or substantially harm the integrity or operation of the Service; or (c) would cause substantial harm to any user, other third party, YouTube or our Affiliates. You can learn more about reporting and enforcement on the Troubleshooting. page of our Help Center, including how to appeal if you believe that a removal has been done in error. If an appeal is made, we will consider your appeal reasoning and reassess our decision. 
Community Guidelines Strikes

YouTube operates a system of “strikes” in respect of Content that violates the YouTube Community Guidelines. Each strike comes with varying restrictions and may result in the permanent removal of your channel from YouTube.  A full description of how a strike affects your channel is available on the Community Guidelines Strikes Basics page. If you believe that a strike has been issued in error, you may appeal here, in which case we will consider your appeal reasoning and reassess our decision.

If your channel has been restricted due to a strike, you must not use another channel to circumvent these restrictions. Violation of this prohibition is a material breach of this Agreement and Google reserves the right to terminate your Google account or your access to all or part of the Service.
Copyright Protection

We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online in our YouTube Copyright Center. If you believe your copyright has been infringed on the Service, please send us a notice .

We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement according to the process in our YouTube Copyright Center, where you can also find information about how to resolve a copyright strike. YouTube's policies provide for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of repeat infringers’ access to the Service.

Account Suspension & Termination
Terminations by You

You may stop using the Service at any time. You can also delete the Service from your Google Account, which involves closing your YouTube channel and removing your data, with the option to download a copy of your data first.
Terminations and Suspensions by YouTube

YouTube reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Google account or your access to all or part of the Service if: (a) you materially or repeatedly breach this Agreement; (b) we are required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; or (c) there are objective and concrete reasons to believe there has been conduct that creates liability or harm to any user, other third party, YouTube or our Affiliates.
Notice for Termination or Suspension

We will notify you with the reason for termination or suspension by YouTube, and where such action is taken for cause, we will give you the opportunity to remedy or stop the stated behaviour, unless there are objective and concrete reasons to believe that to do so: (a) would violate the law or the direction of a legal enforcement authority; (b) would compromise an investigation or (c) would substantially compromise the integrity, operation or security of the Service; or (d) would cause substantial harm to any user, other third party, YouTube or our Affiliates.
Effect of Account Suspension or Termination

If your Google account is terminated or your access to the Service is restricted, you may continue using certain aspects of the Service (such as viewing only) without an account, and this Agreement will continue to apply to such use. If you believe that the notified termination or suspension is made in error, you can appeal using this form, in which case we will consider your appeal reasoning and reassess our decision.
About Software in our Service
Downloadable Software

When the Service requires or includes downloadable software (such as the YouTube Studio application), unless that software is governed by additional terms which provide a licence, YouTube gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive licence to use the software provided to you by YouTube as part of the Service. This licence is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Service as provided by YouTube, in the manner permitted by this Agreement. You are not allowed to copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of the software, or to reverse-engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit these restrictions or you have YouTube’s written permission.
Open Source

Some software used in our Service may be offered under an open source licence. There may be provisions in an open source licence that expressly override some of these terms.  If so, we will make that open source licence available to you.
Other Legal Terms
Legal Guarantee

If you’re an EEA-based consumer, and you’ve agreed to our Terms of Service, then EEA consumer laws provide you with a legal guarantee covering the digital content or services that we provide you. Under this guarantee, we’re liable for any lack of conformity that you discover:

    within two years of the one-time supply of digital content or services (such as purchasing a movie)
    at any time during the “continuous” supply of digital content or services (such as a paid subscription).

Your national laws may provide an even longer guarantee. Your rights under these legal guarantees aren’t limited by any other commercial guarantees that we provide. If you want to make a guarantee claim, please [contact us].

Disclaimer

By law, consumers have certain rights that cannot be excluded or altered by a contract. Nothing in this Agreement affects those rights you may have as a consumer. Other than as expressly stated in this Agreement or as required by law (see Legal Guarantee), YouTube does not give any specific promises about the Service. For example, we don’t give any additional promises about: the Content provided through the Service; the specific features of the Service, or its accuracy, reliability, availability, or ability to meet your needs; or that any Content you submit will be accessible or stored on the Service.

Limitation of Liability

    In the event of intent, gross negligence or of a breach of a contractual core duty, the fulfillment of which enables the proper implementation of this contract in the first place, and upon the fulfillment of which the other party regularly may rely ("cardinal obligation") also by its representatives and vicarious agents (Erfüllungsgehilfen), both You and YouTube shall be liable according to the statutory provisions. The same shall apply in the event of injury to life, body or health, in the event of damages resulting from a violation of a guarantee as to quality (Beschaffenheitsgarantie), in case of a procurement risk as well as in the event of defaults concealed fraudulently (arglistig verschwiegene Mängel). In the event of damages to property and financial damages (Sach- und Vermögensschäden) caused by slight negligence of either You or YouTube, its representatives or vicarious agents, and not resulting from a violation of a guarantee, a procurement risk or a breach of a cardinal obligation, liability shall be limited to the amount of the damage which was foreseeable at the time of conclusion of the contract and typical taking into account the nature of the contract (vorhersehbarer und vertragstypischer Schaden). Liability based on the German Product Liability Act (Produkthaftungsgesetz) shall remain unaffected in any case. Any further liability of either party other than set out above shall be excluded. This does not entail a change in the burden of proof to the detriment of the user of the Service.

Third-Party Links

The Service may contain links to third-party websites and online services that are not owned or controlled by YouTube. YouTube has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, such websites and online services. Be aware when you leave the Service; we suggest you read the terms and privacy policy of each third-party website and online service that you visit.
About this Agreement
Changing this Agreement

We may change this Agreement in a reasonable manner, (1) to reflect changes to our Service or how we do business - for example, when we add new products or features or remove old ones, (2) for legal, regulatory, or security reasons, or (3) to prevent abuse or harm.

If we change this Agreement, we’ll provide you with at least 15 days’ advance notice before the changes take effect. When we notify you of changes, we’ll provide you with the new version of the terms and point out the material changes. If you don’t object before the changes take effect, you’ll be deemed to have accepted the changed terms. Our notice will explain this objection process. You can refuse to accept the changes, in which case the changes won’t apply to you, but we reserve the right to end our relationship with you if all other termination requirements are met.
Continuation of this Agreement

If your use of the Service ends, the following terms of this Agreement will continue to apply to you: “Other Legal Terms”, “About This Agreement”, and the licenses granted by you will continue in limited cases as described under “Duration of License”.
Severance

If it turns out that a particular term of this Agreement is not enforceable for any reason, this will not affect any other terms.
Assignment

YouTube may transfer all or part of this Agreement to an Affiliate or, if YouTube is sold, to a third party.
No Waiver

If you do not comply with this Agreement and we do not take action immediately, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as the right to take action in the future).
Governing Law

If you are based in Germany, this Agreement, and your relationship with YouTube under this Agreement, will be governed by the laws of Germany under the exclusion of the CISG, and legal proceedings may be brought in your local courts that have jurisdiction according to the statutory rules. This choice of law does not make any statement with regard to the law applicable to the respective Service itself.

EEA instructions on withdrawal

If you’re an EEA-based consumer, then starting on May 28, 2022, EEA consumer law gives you the right to withdraw from this contract as described in the EU’s Model Instructions on Withdrawal, provided below:

Right of withdrawal

You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.

The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the contract.

To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by post or e-mail). You can contact us by email at account-withdrawal@google.com; by phone +35 31800832663 (see below for country-specific telephone numbers); or by writing to us at Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. You may use the attached model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory. You can also electronically fill in and submit the model withdrawal form or any other unequivocal statement on our website (g.co/EEAWithdrawalForm). If you use this option, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt of such a withdrawal on a durable medium (e.g. by e-mail) without delay.

To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.

Effects of withdrawal

If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement.

Model withdrawal form

(complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)

— To __Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, [account-withdrawal@google.com]__:

— I hereby give notice that I withdraw from my contract of sale for the provision of the following service, __________________________________________

— Ordered on, _____________________________                                

— Name of consumer, _______________________

— Address of consumer, _____________________

— Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper), ___________________

— Date _______________

Contact Google to withdraw from these terms

Country         Phone number

Austria                      0800-001-180          

Belgium              0800-58-142        

Bulgaria          0800-14-744

Czechia         800-720-070

Cyprus                800-92-492

Croatia                 0800-787-086

Denmark         80-400-111

Estonia                 800-2643

Finland                 0800-520-030

France                 0805-98-03-38

Germany         0800-627-0502

Greece                00800-4920-00536

Hungary        06-80-200-148

Iceland                800-4177

Ireland                1-800-832-663

Italy                800-598-905

Latvia                802-05-391

Liechtenstein        800-566-814

Lithuania        8-800-00-163

Luxemburg        800-40005

Malta                800-62-257

Netherlands        0800-360-0010

Norway                800-620-68

Poland                0800-410-575

Portugal        808-203-430

Romania        0800-672-350

Slovakia         0800-500-932

Slovenia        080-688-882

Spain                   0900-906-451

Sweden             020-012-5241  
Effective as of January 5, 2022


ZOOM TERMS OF SERVICE

EFFECTIVE: April 13, 2022

IMPORTANT, READ CAREFULLY : YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE AND PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND ASSOCIATED SOFTWARE (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SERVICES”) OF ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES (“ZOOM”) IS CONDITIONED UPON YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH AND ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS, WHICH INCLUDE YOUR AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS. PLEASE REVIEW THOROUGHLY BEFORE ACCEPTING.

BY CLICKING/CHECKING THE “I AGREE” BUTTON/BOX, ACCESSING THE ZOOM WEBSITE OR BY UTILIZING THE ZOOM SERVICES YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND ALL EXHIBITS, ORDER FORMS, AND INCORPORATED POLICIES (THE “AGREEMENT” OR “TOS”). THE ZOOM SERVICES ARE NOT AVAILABLE TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT LEGALLY ELIGIBLE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.

Zoom will provide the Services, and you may access and use the Services, in accordance with this Agreement. Zoom may provide any of the Services hereunder through any of its Affiliates. If You order Services through an on-line registration page or an order form (each an “Order Form”), the Order Form may contain additional terms and conditions and information regarding the Services you are ordering. Unless otherwise expressly set forth in any such additional terms and conditions applicable to the specific Service which You choose to use, those additional terms are hereby incorporated into this Agreement in relation to Your use of that Service.

System Requirements. Use of the Services requires one or more compatible devices, Internet access (fees may apply), and certain software (fees may apply), and may require obtaining updates or upgrades from time to time. Because use of the Services involves hardware, software, and Internet access, Your ability to access and use the Services may be affected by the performance of these factors. High speed Internet access is recommended. You acknowledge and agree that such system requirements, which may be changed from time to time, are Your responsibility.

    DEFINITIONS. The following definitions will apply in this Agreement, and any reference to the singular includes a reference to the plural and vice versa. Service specific definitions are found in the Services Description located at www.zoom.us/services-description.
    “Affiliate” means, with respect to a Party, any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with that Party. For purposes of this Agreement, “control” means an economic or voting interest of at least fifty percent (50%) or, in the absence of such economic or voting interest, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and set the policies of such entity.
    “End User” means a Host or Participant (as defined in the Services Description) who uses the Services.
    “Initial Subscription Term” means the initial subscription term for a Service as specified in an Order Form.
    “Service Effective Date” means the date an Initial Subscription Term begins as specified in an Order Form.
    “Renewal Term” means the renewal subscription term for a Service commencing after the Initial Subscription Term or another Renewal Term as specified in an Order Form.
    “Taxes and Fees” and “Taxes or Fees” means all applicable sales, use, environmental or regulatory taxes, VAT, fees, duties (including customs duties), charges, surcharges or assessments levied on the provision of Services to Customer (exclusive of any income tax imposed on Zoom).
    “VAT” means any value added tax, and any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a Member State of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax, or imposed elsewhere, any Goods and Services Tax, PIS/COFINS, any similar indirect Tax or any Tax analogous thereto imposed in connection with, or otherwise relating to, the Services rendered by Zoom to Customer.
    “Your Data” means information provided to Zoom so that Zoom can fulfill the terms of the Agreement and provide access to the Services (e.g., company name, billing address, taxpayer ID number, VAT registration number, contact name and information). You are solely responsible for the accuracy of Your Data, and Zoom has no liability whatsoever for errors and omissions in Your Data.
    SERVICES. Zoom will provide the Services as described on the Order Form, and standard updates to the Services that are made generally available by Zoom during the term. oom may, in its sole discretion, discontinue the Services or modify the features of the Services from time to time without prior notice.
        
        Beta Services. Zoom may, from time to time, offer access to services that are classified as Beta version. Access to and use of Beta versions may be subject to additional agreements. Zoom makes no representations that a Beta version will ever be made generally available and reserves the right to discontinue or modify a Beta version at any time without notice. Beta versions are provided AS IS, may contain bugs, errors or other defects, and Your use of a Beta version is at Your sole risk.

    USE OF SERVICES AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES. You may only use the Services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. You are solely responsible for Your and Your End Users’ use of the Services and shall abide by, and ensure compliance with, all Laws in connection with Your and each End User’s use of the Services, including but not limited to Laws related to recording, intellectual property, privacy and export control. Use of the Services is void where prohibited.

        Registration Information. You may be required to provide information about Yourself in order to register for and/or use certain Services. You agree that any such information shall be accurate. You may also be asked to choose a user name and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the security of Your user name and password and agree not to disclose such to any third party.
        Your Content. You agree that You are solely responsible for the content (“Content”) sent or transmitted by You or displayed or uploaded by You in using the Services and for compliance with all Laws pertaining to the Content, including, but not limited to, Laws requiring You to obtain the consent of a third party to use the Content and to provide appropriate notices of third party rights. You represent and warrant that You have the right to upload the Content to Zoom and that such use does not violate or infringe on any rights of any third party. Under no circumstances will Zoom be liable in any way for any (a) Content that is transmitted or viewed while using the Services, (b) errors or omissions in the Content, or (c) any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of, access to, or denial of access to Content. Although Zoom is not responsible for any Content, Zoom may delete any Content, at any time without notice to You, if Zoom becomes aware that it violates any provision of this Agreement, or any law. You retain copyright and any other rights You already hold in Content which You submit, post or display on or through, the Services.
        Recordings. You are responsible for compliance will all recording laws. The host can choose to record Zoom Meetings and Zoom Webinars. By using the Services, you are giving Zoom consent to store recordings for any or all Zoom meetings or webinars that you join, if such recordings are stored in our systems. You will receive a notification (visual or otherwise) when recording is enabled. If you do not consent to being recorded, you can choose to leave the meeting or webinar.
        Prohibited Use. You agree that You will not use, and will not permit any End User to use, the Services to: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile, prepare derivative works of, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to gain access to the source code of the Services; (ii) knowingly or negligently use the Services in a way that abuses, interferes with, or disrupts Zoom’s networks, Your accounts, or the Services; (iii) engage in activity that is illegal, fraudulent, false, or misleading, (iv) transmit through the Services any material that may infringe the intellectual property or other rights of third parties; (v) build or benchmark a competitive product or service, or copy any features, functions or graphics of the Services; or (vi) use the Services to communicate any message or material that is harassing, libelous, threatening, obscene, indecent, would violate the intellectual property rights of any party or is otherwise unlawful, that would give rise to civil liability, or that constitutes or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, under any applicable law or regulation; (vii) upload or transmit any software, Content or code that does or is intended to harm, disable, destroy or adversely affect performance of the Services in any way or which does or is intended to harm or extract information or data from other hardware, software or networks of Zoom or other users of Services; (viii) engage in any activity or use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or otherwise interfere with or disrupt the Services, or any servers or networks connected to the Services or Zoom’s security systems. (ix) use the Services in violation of any Zoom policy or in a manner that violates applicable law, including but not limited to anti-spam, export control, privacy, and anti-terrorism laws and regulations and laws requiring the consent of subjects of audio and video recordings, and You agree that You are solely responsible for compliance with all such laws and regulations.
        Limitations on Use. You may not reproduce, resell, or distribute the Services or any reports or data generated by the Services for any purpose unless You have been specifically permitted to do so under a separate agreement with Zoom. You may not offer or enable any third parties to use the Services purchased by You, display on any website or otherwise publish the Services or any Content obtained from a Service (other than Content created by You) or otherwise generate income from the Services or use the Services for the development, production or marketing of a service or product substantially similar to the Services.

    RESPONSIBILITY FOR END USERS. You are responsible for the activities of all End Users who access or use the Services through your account and you agree to ensure that any such End User will comply with the terms of this Agreement and any Zoom policies. Zoom assumes no responsibility or liability for violations. If You become aware of any violation of this Agreement in connection with use of the Services by any person, please contact Zoom at trust@zoom.us. Zoom may investigate any complaints and violations that come to its attention and may take any (or no) action that it believes is appropriate, including, but not limited to issuing warnings, removing the content or terminating accounts and/or User profiles. Under no circumstances will Zoom be liable in any way for any data or other content viewed while using the Services, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any such data or content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of, access to, or denial of access to any data or content.

    ZOOM OBLIGATIONS FOR CONTENT. Zoom will maintain reasonable physical and technical safeguards to prevent unauthorized disclosure of or access to Content, in accordance with industry standards. Zoom will notify You if it becomes aware of unauthorized access to Content. Zoom will not access, view or process Content except (a) as provided for in this Agreement and in Zoom’s Privacy Statement; (b) as authorized or instructed by You, (c) as required to perform its obligations under this Agreement; or (d) as required by Law. Zoom has no other obligations with respect to Content.

    ELIGIBILITY. You affirm that You are at least 16 years of age and are otherwise fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and comply with this Agreement. Your access may be terminated without warning if we believe that You are under the age of 16 or are otherwise ineligible.

    INTENDED USE; RESTRICTION ON USE BY CHILDREN. The Services are intended for business use. You may choose to use the Services for other purposes, subject to the terms and limitations of this Agreement. Zoom is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 16, unless it is through a School Subscriber (as that term is defined in the Services Description) using Zoom for Education (K-12).

    CHARGES AND CANCELLATION. You agree that Zoom may charge to Your credit card or other payment mechanism selected by You and approved by Zoom (“Your Account”) all amounts due and owing for the Services. All payments made by you to us under this Agreement will be made free and clear of any deduction or withholding, as may be required by law. If any such deduction or withholding (including but not limited to domestic or cross-border withholding taxes) is required on any payment, you will pay such additional amounts as are necessary so that the net amount received by us is equal to the amount then due and payable under this Agreement. We will provide you with such tax forms as are reasonably requested in order to reduce or eliminate the amount of any withholding or deduction for taxes in respect of payments made under this Agreement. Zoom may change prices at any time, including changing from a free service to a paid service and charging for Services that were previously offered free of charge; provided, however, that Zoom will provide you with prior notice and an opportunity to terminate Your Account if Zoom changes the price of a Service to which you are subscribed and will not charge you for a previously free Service unless you have been notified of the applicable fees and agreed to pay such fees. You agree that in the event Zoom is unable to collect the fees owed to Zoom for the Services through Your Account, Zoom may take any other steps it deems necessary to collect such fees from You and that You will be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by Zoom in connection with such collection activity, including collection fees, court costs and attorneys’ fees. You further agree that Zoom may collect interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month or the highest amount permitted by law on any amounts not paid when due. You may cancel your subscription at any time. If you cancel, you will not be billed for any additional terms of service, and service will continue until the end of the current Subscription Term. If you cancel, you will not receive a refund for any service already paid for.

    TAXES. Unless stated otherwise, all prices and fees shown by Zoom are exclusive of Taxes and regulatory fees, service, service fees, set up fees, subscription fees, or any other fee or charge associated with Your Account. Where applicable, Taxes and regulatory fees will be charged on the invoices issued by Zoom in accordance with local laws and regulations. Zoom, in its sole discretion, will calculate the amount of Taxes due. The taxes and regulatory fees charged can be changed without notice.

        VAT Invoices. If required by Law, Zoom will issue a VAT invoice, or a document that the relevant taxing authority will treat as a VAT invoice, to You. You accept that this invoice may be issued electronically.
        Tax exemptions. If You are exempt from any Tax or Fee, You will provide Zoom with all appropriate tax exemption certificates, and/or other documentation satisfactory to the applicable taxing authorities to substantiate such exemption status. Zoom reserves the right to review and validate tax exemption documentation. In the event that the tax exemption documentation is not valid, Zoom reserves the right to charge applicable taxes to You.
        Payment of Taxes and Fees. You will pay to Zoom any applicable Taxes and Fees. You are solely responsible for paying any and all Taxes and Fees owing as a result of Zoom’s provision of the Services to You. If You are required to pay any Taxes and Fees, You shall pay such amounts with no reduction or offset in amounts payable to Zoom hereunder and You will pay and bear such additional amount, as shall be necessary such that Zoom receives the full amount of payment required as if no such reduction or offset were required.
        VAT due by the customer. In the event Taxes and Fees are due towards the taxing authorities by You instead of Zoom, through the reverse charge or other similar mechanism, You will provide Zoom with all appropriate evidence for Zoom to demonstrate Your business nature, such as a valid VAT registration number (or similar information required under the relevant VAT laws). Zoom reserves the right to review and validate your VAT registration number. In the event that the VAT registration number is not valid, Zoom reserves the right to nevertheless charge applicable VAT to You. For the avoidance of doubt, if VAT is due by You to a taxing authority, through the reverse charge or other similar mechanism, You are solely responsible for paying those amounts to the relevant taxing authority such that Zoom receives the full amount of payment required.
        Tax determination. Tax determination is principally based on the location where the Customer has established its business based on the Customer Data, or for individuals where that individual permanently resides. This will be defined by Zoom as Your ‘Sold To’ address. Zoom reserves the right to cross reference this location against other available evidence to validate whether Your location is accurate. In the event that Your location is inaccurate, Zoom reserves the right to charge You any outstanding Taxes and Fees.
        Use and enjoyment. If You purchase Zoom Services, and those Services are used and enjoyed by a subsidiary of You in a country that is different to Your location as determined by Section 9(e) of this TOS, You confirm that where required You will treat this as a supply to Your subsidiary. In the event You purchase Services and those Services are used and enjoyed by a branch or individual in a country that is different to Your location as determined by Section 9 (e) of this TOS, You acknowledge that You will inform Zoom of the Services that have been allocated and You acknowledge that Zoom reserves the right to charge Taxes and Fees based on the use and enjoyment of those Services.

    TERMINATION. The Zoom website contains information on how to terminate Your Account. If you have purchased a Service for a specific term, such termination will be effective on the last day of the then-current term. Your Order Form may provide that a Renewal Term will begin automatically unless either party provides notice of termination at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of the next Renewal Term. If You fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement, Zoom may terminate this Agreement immediately and retain any fees previously paid by You. Sections 1 and 3 through 22, inclusive, shall survive any termination of this Agreement. Upon any termination of this Agreement, You must cease any further use of the Services. If at any time You are not happy with the Services, Your sole remedy is to cease using the Services and follow this termination process.

    PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Zoom and/or its suppliers, as applicable, retain ownership of all proprietary rights in the Services and in all trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, and domain names (“Zoom Marks”) associated or displayed with the Services. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Zoom Marks, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Zoom without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Zoom Marks without Zoom’s express written consent.

    CONFIDENTIALITY. Each party agrees to regard and preserve as confidential all non-public information provided by the other party relating to the business, systems, operations, strategic plans, clients, pricing (including, but not limited to, the pricing terms herein), methods, processes, financial data, programs, and/or products of the other party in any form, that are designated as “confidential,” or a reasonable person knows or reasonably should understand to be confidential (herein “Confidential Information”). For purposes of the Agreement, Your Confidential Information shall include Your Data, and any information disclosed to Zoom by You relating to the business, systems, operations, strategic plans, clients, pricing, methods, processes, financial data, programs, and/or products of You. Each party agrees to limit its disclosure of the other party’s Confidential Information to as few persons as possible and only to those persons with a need to know that are its or its Affiliates’ personnel and subject to an obligation to keep such information confidential. Except as needed to fulfill their respective obligations under the Agreement, neither party shall, without first obtaining the other party’s prior written consent, disclose to any person, firm or enterprise, except as expressly permitted herein, or use for its own benefit, or the benefit of a third party, the Confidential Information of the other party.

        Exclusions. “Confidential Information” shall not include Content or information that (a) is already rightfully known to a party at the time it is obtained from the other party, free from any obligation to keep such information confidential; (b) is or becomes publicly known or available through no wrongful act of a party; (c) is rightfully received from a third party without restriction and without breach of this TOS; or (d) is developed by a party without the use of any proprietary, non-public information provided by the other party under the Agreement.
        Exception. Either party may disclose Confidential Information where required by law, regulation, or court order, provided that the party subject to such law, regulation or court order shall, where permitted, notify the other party of any such use or requirement prior to disclosure in order to afford such other party an opportunity to seek a protective order to prevent or limit disclosure of the information to third parties.
        Confidentiality Period and Obligations. The confidentiality obligations set forth in this section of the TOS shall remain in effect for a period of five (5) years from the disclosure of the information. Both parties agree (a) to take reasonable steps to protect the other party’s Confidential Information, and these steps must be at least as protective as those the receiving party takes to protect its own Confidential Information, and no less than a reasonable standard of care; (b) to notify the disclosing party promptly upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information; and (c) in the event of any unauthorized disclosure by a receiving party, to cooperate with the disclosing party to help regain control of the Confidential Information and prevent further unauthorized use or disclosure of it.

    COPYRIGHT. You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way copyrighted material, trademarks, rights of publicity or other proprietary rights without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. Zoom may deny access to the Services to any User who is alleged to infringe another party’s copyright. Without limiting the foregoing, if You believe that Your copyright has been infringed, please notify Zoom as specified here.

    EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.You acknowledge that the Services, or a portion thereof, are subject to the Export Administration Regulations, 15 C.F.R. Parts 730-774, of the United States and may be subject to other applicable country export control and trade sanctions laws (“Export Control and Sanctions Laws”). Zoom will provide the U.S. export classification(s) applicable to its Services upon request. You and Your End Users may not access, use, export, re-export, divert, transfer or disclose any portion of the Services or any related technical information or materials, directly or indirectly, in violation of Export Control and Sanctions Laws. You represent and warrant that: (i) You and Your End Users (a) are not citizens of, or located within, a country or territory that is subject to U.S. trade sanctions or other significant trade restrictions (including without limitation Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea, Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine) and that You and Your End Users will not access or use the Services, or export, re-export, divert, or transfer the Services, in or to such countries or territories; (b) are not persons, or owned 50% or more, individually or in the aggregate by persons, identified on the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or Foreign Sanctions Evaders Lists; and (c) are not persons on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Denied Persons List, Entity List, or Unverified List, or U.S. Department of State proliferation-related lists; (ii) You and Your End Users located in China, Russia, or Venezuela are not Military End Users and will not put Zoom’s Services to a Military End Use, as defined in 15 C.F.R. 744.21; (iii) no Content created or submitted by You or Your End Users is subject to any restriction on disclosure, transfer, download, export or re-export under the Export Control and Sanctions Laws; and (iv) You and Your End Users will not take any action that would constitute a violation of, or be penalized under, U.S. antiboycott laws administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of the Treasury. You are solely responsible for complying with the Export Control and Sanctions Laws and monitoring them for any modifications.

    NO HIGH RISK USE. The Services are not designed or licensed for use in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe controls, including without limitation operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation/communication systems, air traffic control, and life support or weapons systems. The Services shall not be used for or in any HIGH RISK environment.

    INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. You acknowledge that any use of the Services contrary to this Agreement, or any transfer, sublicensing, copying or disclosure of technical information or materials related to the Services, may cause irreparable injury to Zoom, its Affiliates, suppliers and any other party authorized by Zoom to resell, distribute, or promote the Services (“Resellers”), and under such circumstances Zoom, its Affiliates, suppliers and Resellers will be entitled to equitable relief, without posting bond or other security, including, but not limited to, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief.

    NO WARRANTIES.YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ZOOM, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND RESELLERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. ZOOM, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND RESELLERS MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES, REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET ANY USER’S REQUIREMENTS, OR BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR FREE. USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOU RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES REMAINS WITH YOU. ZOOM DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR RETENTION OF ANY USER INFORMATION OR COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN USERS. ZOOM CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SERVICES. USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

    INDEMNIFICATION. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Zoom, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, suppliers and Resellers from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees) arising from Your use of the Services, Your violation of this Agreement or the infringement or violation by You or any other user of Your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity or applicable law.

    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL ZOOM OR ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS OR DAMAGE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER SUPPORT SERVICES, WHETHER ARISING IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) CONTRACT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ZOOM, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, ZOOM’S, ITS AFFILIATES’, SUPPLIERS’ AND RESELLERS’ MAXIMUM CUMULATIVE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES (IF ANY) IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIMS. Because some states and jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability, the above limitation may not apply to You.

    AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE; WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION. If You are located in the United States, You agree to resolve disputes only on an individual basis, through arbitration pursuant to the provisions of Exhibit A. The parties expressly waive any right to bring any action, lawsuit, or proceeding as a class or collective action, private attorney general action, or any other proceeding in which any party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity.

    PRIVACY AND OTHER POLICIES. Use of the Services is also subject to Zoom’s Privacy Statement, a link to which can be found by selecting “Privacy and Legal Policies” in the footer of Zoom’s website. The Privacy Statement, and all policies noticed at www.zoom.us/legal are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Furthermore, if Your Use of the Services requires Zoom to process any personally identifiable information (“PII” or “Personal Data”) Zoom shall do so at all times in compliance with our Zoom Global Data Processing Addendum https://zoom.us/docs/doc/Zoom_GLOBAL_DPA.pdf is incorporated in these Terms of Service. Additionally, You understand and agree that Zoom may contact You via e-mail or otherwise with information relevant to Your use of the Services, regardless of whether You have opted out of receiving marketing communications or notices.

    MISCELLANEOUS
        Choice of Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed in California by California residents. Except as provided in Exhibit A, the Parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts located in and serving Santa Clara County, California and the federal courts in the Northern District of California.

        Contracting Entity. In the event Your Zoom account reflects a bill to/sold to address in India, the contracting entity under these TOS shall be Zoom’s Affiliate, ZVC India Pvt. Ltd.

        Waiver and Severability. Failure by either Party to exercise any of its rights under, or to enforce any provision of, this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver or forfeiture of such rights or ability to enforce such provision. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect of the original provision and the remainder of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

        General Provisions. This Agreement embodies the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties respecting the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any and all prior understandings and agreements between the Parties respecting such subject matter, except that if You or Your company have executed a separate written agreement or you have signed an order form referencing a separate agreement governing your use of the Services, then such agreement shall control to the extent that any provision of this Agreement conflicts with the terms of such agreement. Zoom may elect to change or supplement the terms of this Agreement from time to time at its sole discretion. Zoom will exercise commercially reasonable business efforts to provide notice to You of any material changes to this Agreement. Within ten (10) business days of posting changes to this Agreement (or ten (10) business days from the date of notice, if such is provided), they will be binding on You. If You do not agree with the changes, You should discontinue using the Services. If You continue using the Services after such ten-business-day period, You will be deemed to have accepted the changes to the terms of this Agreement. In order to participate in certain Services, You may be notified that You are required to download software and/or agree to additional terms and conditions. Unless expressly set forth in such additional terms and conditions, those additional terms are hereby incorporated into this Agreement. This Agreement has been prepared in the English Language and such version shall be controlling in all respects and any non-English version of this Agreement is solely for accommodation purposes.

 

Exhibit ABinding Arbitration

This Exhibit A to the TOS describes the further provisions which apply to the Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver.

    Disputes. A dispute is any controversy between You and Zoom concerning the Services, any software related to the Services, the price of the Services, Your account, Zoom’s advertising, marketing, or communications, Your purchase transaction or billing, or any term of this Agreement, under any legal theory including contract, warranty, tort, statute, or regulation, except disputes relating to the enforcement or validity of Your or Zoom’s intellectual property rights. As part of the best efforts process to resolve disputes, and prior to initiating arbitration proceedings, each party agrees to provide notice of the dispute to the other party, including a description of the dispute, what efforts have been made to resolve it, and what the disputing party is requesting as resolution, to legal@zoom.us.
    Small Claims Court Available. You may initiate an action in your local Small Claims Court if You meets the court’s requirements. However, if such a claim is transferred, removed or appealed to a different court, Zoom reserves the right to require arbitration.
    Arbitration Procedure. Disputes not resolved pursuant to Section A or B shall be resolved through arbitration. The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will conduct any arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules. For more information, see www.adr.org. Arbitration hearings will take place in the federal judicial district of Your primary business location. A single arbitrator will be appointed. The arbitrator must: (a) follow all applicable substantive Law; (b) follow applicable statutes of limitations; (c) honor valid claims of privilege; (d) issue a written decision including the reasons for the award. The arbitrator may award damages, declaratory or injunctive relief, and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees). Any arbitration award may be enforced (such as through a judgment) in any court with jurisdiction. Under AAA Rules, the arbitrator rules on his or her own jurisdiction, including the arbitrability of any claim; however, a court has exclusive authority to enforce the prohibition on arbitration on a class-wide basis or in a representative capacity .
    Arbitration Fees. If You are unable to afford the arbitration costs, Zoom will advance those costs to You, subject to the arbitrator’s determination if costs should be reimbursed to Zoom if Zoom prevails. For disputes involving more than $75,000, the AAA rules will govern payment of filing fees and the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.
    Conflict with AAA Rules. This Agreement governs if there is a conflict with the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules.
    Requirement to File Within One Year. Notwithstanding any other statute of limitations, a claim or dispute under this Agreement must be filed in Small Claims Court or noticed for arbitration within one year of when it could first be filed, or such claim will be permanently barred.
    Severability. If the class action waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, then those parts will not be arbitrated but will be resolved in court, with the balance resolved through arbitration. If any provision of this Exhibit A is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then that provision will be severed; however, the remaining provisions shall still apply and shall be interpreted to as nearly as possible achieve the original intent of this Exhibit, inclusive of the severed provision.


Terms of service

Effective October 7, 2020

Last Amended October 7, 2020

IMPORTANT NOTICE: FOR U.S. AND CANADIAN PLAYERS, AS DESCRIBED BELOW, DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND ZYNGA MUST BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION AND ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS UNLESS AN EXCEPTION APPLIES. 

For more details, go to Section 15 (Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver).

Zynga’s mission is to connect the world through games. We deliver fun, social entertainment experiences to people around the world.

Please read these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy before using Zynga’s Services. These Terms of Service set out the terms and conditions that apply when you use our Services (described below). When you use our Services, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you don’t agree to all the terms and conditions, you must not use our Services.

Our Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use, and disclose, and otherwise process your personal information when providing our Services to you, and your rights and choices concerning your information. When you use our Services, you acknowledge that our Privacy Policy applies. If you do not want Zynga to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in our Privacy Policy, you must not use our Services.

“Zynga,” or “we,” “our,” or “us” in these Terms of Service means Zynga Inc. and the Zynga Corporate Family. Zynga Inc. is located at 699 8th Street, San Francisco, California 94103. In all cases, “Zynga,” “we,” “our,” or “us” includes agents, consultants, employees, officers, and directors.

1. DEFINITIONS

“Account” means an account you create when you access the Services.

“Community Rules” means the rules of conduct that govern your interaction with our Services and other players, which can be found here.

“Feature Terms” means any other rules related to specific services, like platforms and APIs, applications for mobile devices, forums, contests, subscriptions or loyalty programs that we may publish, which apply to your use of those specific services and state they are part of these Terms.

“Offers” means special programs, including offers, excursions, and special gifts, both digital and tactile, that Zynga may offer from time to time to certain eligible players.

“Services” means our games, products, services, content, Zynga.com, and/or other domains or websites operated by Zynga.

“Terms of Service” or “Terms” means these terms of service.

“User Content” means all the data that you upload, transmit, create, or generate on or through the Services. This includes things like your profile picture, your in-game text or video chat, and your in-game art or other content authored or designed by you.

“Virtual Items” means (a) virtual currency, including without limitation virtual coins, cash, tokens, or points, all for use in the Services and (b) virtual in-game items.

“Zynga Corporate Family” means Zynga’s subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures, and other corporate entities under common ownership and their agents, consultants, employees, officers, and directors.

“Zynga Affiliates” refers to the Zynga Corporate Family plus Zynga’s and the Zynga Corporate Family’s third-party content providers, distributors, licensees, or licensors.

2. CHANGES TO THESE TERMS

We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the Terms, Community Rules, or Feature Terms at any time by posting the amended Terms, Community Rules, or Feature Terms on our sites or within the Services (such as through in-game notices). We may provide additional notice, such as an e-mail message or messaging within the Services, of any material changes. Unless we state otherwise, changes are effective when posted. New versions of the Terms, Community Rules, and Feature Terms, and any other policies, codes, or rules will be accessible at www.zynga.com or from within the Services. If you continue to use the Services after the changes are posted, you are agreeing that the changes apply to your continued use of the Services.

You can’t make changes to the Terms, Community Rules, or Feature Terms unless both you and Zynga sign a written amendment.

If you have a dispute with Zynga, the version of the Terms, Community Rules, and Feature Terms in effect at the time Zynga received actual notice of the dispute will apply to such dispute.

If the Terms or our Privacy Policy have any provisions or information that conflict with other Zynga terms or policies, these Terms and the Privacy Policy as applicable shall govern.

3. ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND SECURITY

In order to use our Services, we may ask you to create an Account and select a password and/or provide us with certain personal information, which may include your name, birthdate, e-mail address, and, in some cases, payment information. This information will be held and used in accordance with Zynga’s Privacy Policy.

You agree to supply Zynga with accurate, complete, and up-to-date information, particularly your email address.

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Account. Don’t share your Account details with others or allow others to access or use your Account. We will treat all acts performed through your Account as being performed by you. You therefore accept responsibility for all acts done using your Account, whether or not authorized by you, including purchases made using any payment instrument (for example, credit card or PayPal), and you understand you may be held liable for losses incurred by us or any other user of the Services caused by someone else using your Account.

If you become aware of any actual or suspected loss, theft, fraud, or unauthorized use of your Account or Account password, please tell us immediately.

4. USING OUR SERVICES

Who can use our Services: We are excited to have you start playing our games, but there are some limits on who can use our Services.

You may not use our Services if:

    You cannot enter into a binding contract with Zynga.
    You are under 13 years of age (or under 16, if you are located in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”)), in which case you must not create an Account, use any of our Services, or submit personal information in the Services or to Zynga (for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address). This prohibition does not apply if, and only if, a Zynga Service has an age-gate that collects age information before allowing a user to proceed and that age-gate allows users who identify themselves as under 13 years of age (or under 16 in the EEA) to use the Service. (As described in our Privacy Policy, in those instances, we will either provide a version of that Service that does not collect, use, or disclose personal information, except where and to the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws, including without limitation the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, or obtain legally valid parental consent.)
    You are not allowed to receive products, including services or software, from the United States, for example if you are located in a country embargoed by the United States or if you are on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals.
    You are a convicted sex offender.
    You have previously been banned from playing any Zynga game or using any Zynga Service, unless Zynga has reversed that ban, in its sole discretion.

If you are under the age of 18, or under the age of majority where you are located, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms.

Additional Important Rules and Terms:

If you use our Services, you must follow the Zynga Community Rules and all other Feature Terms that may apply. These additional rules and terms apply in addition to these Terms and are important. Please read them. If you access the Services from a social network, such as Facebook, or download the Services from another platform, such as Apple or Google, you must also comply with that third party’s terms of service/use as well as these Terms.

Accessing our Services:

To access or play our games or create an Account with us, you may need an account with a social network, like Facebook, and, if you are using our mobile Services, an account with the company that provides your mobile applications, like an Apple iTunes account. You may need to update third-party software from time to time to receive the Services and play Zynga’s Games.

We provide the games and other Services. You provide the equipment (computer, phone, tablet, etc.) and pay any fees to connect to the Internet and app stores, and for data or cellular usage to download and use the Services.

Service Changes and Limitations:

Our Services are evolving and we may require that you accept updates to the Services as well as to the Terms, Community Rules, Feature Rules, and the Zynga Privacy Policy. From time to time we may make you update the game or your software to continue to use our Services. We may perform these updates remotely, including to Zynga software residing on your computer or mobile device, without notifying you.

Zynga reserves the right to stop offering and/or supporting the Services or a particular game or part of the Services at any time either permanently or temporarily, at which point your right to use the Services or any part of them will be automatically terminated or suspended. If that happens, unless applicable law requires otherwise, Zynga is not required to provide refunds, benefits, or other compensation to you in connection with discontinued elements of the Services or for Virtual Items previously earned or purchased.

ZYNGA MAY, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, LIMIT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY, OR DELETE ACCOUNTS OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES OR ANY PORTION OF THEM; PROHIBIT ACCESS TO OUR GAMES AND SITES, AND THEIR CONTENT, SERVICES, AND TOOLS; OR DELAY OR REMOVE HOSTED CONTENT, AND ZYNGA IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR RESULTS. This does not apply to users located in the EEA. If you are located in the EEA, we will endeavor to give you at least one month’s notice of any material changes before they take effect, and if you are unhappy with those changes, you can choose to cancel your Services under these Terms.

Deleting your Account:

You may stop using our Services at any time and may request that we delete your Account at any time by following the instructions in our Privacy Policy. Unless applicable law requires otherwise, we are not required to provide refunds, benefits, or other compensation if you request deletion of your Account.

5. OWNERSHIP; LIMITED LICENSE

Games and Services:

The Services are comprised of works that are owned or licensed by the Zynga Corporate Family, and they are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and other worldwide intellectual property rights and other applicable laws, rules, or regulations. All such rights are reserved. These Terms do not grant you or any other party any right, title, or interest in the Services or any content in the Services.

So long as you abide by these Terms and any other rules, including the Community Rules and any Feature Terms, you may use the Services subject to these Terms, for your own non-commercial, entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the Services for any other purpose and agree that Zynga will have no liability to you for any damage or loss arising from unauthorized uses.

If you breach these Terms, or any of our other terms that apply to you, we may take action against you, up to and including terminating your account. In addition, you may be breaking the law, including breaches or violations of Zynga’s intellectual property rights. ANY ATTEMPT BY YOU TO DISRUPT OR INTERFERE WITH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION UNDERMINING OR MANIPULATING THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF ANY ZYNGA GAME, IS A BREACH OF ZYNGA POLICY AND MAY BE A BREACH OR VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS.

Your Account and Virtual Items:

Regardless of any other statement in these Terms, the Community Rules, or any Feature Terms that apply to features you may choose to use, you do not own any Account that you create on our Services, including in our games, and your Account is not your property. Likewise, you do not own any Virtual Items that you obtained through our Services, regardless of whether you “earned” those Virtual Items or “purchased” them. Your Account and any related Virtual Items are owned by Zynga. Zynga gives you a limited license and right to use your Account and the related Virtual Items while we offer the Services.

TO AVOID RETAINING DATA THAT IS NO LONGER NEEDED AND/OR TO IMPROVE OUR SERVICES, WE MAY DELETE OR TERMINATE ACCOUNTS THAT ARE INACTIVE (I.E., NOT LOGGED INTO) FOR 180 DAYS.

You are not allowed to transfer Virtual Items outside of the Services (e.g., in the “real world”), for example by selling, gifting, or trading them. We won’t recognize those transfers as legitimate. You are not allowed to sublicense, trade, sell, or attempt to sell Virtual Items for “real” money, or exchange Virtual Items for value of any kind outside of a game. Any such transfer or attempted transfer is prohibited and void, and we may terminate your Account because of it.

User Content:

If you post, publish, transmit, or upload User Content on the Services, you agree that it will be:

    accurate;
    not confidential;
    not in violation of law;
    not in violation of contractual restrictions or other parties’ rights, and that you have permission to use the User Content from any other party whose personal or other information or intellectual property is contained within the User Content;
    free of viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code;
    in compliance with our Community Rules.

Your User Content will be processed by Zynga in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.

Any User Content that you post, publish, or transmit will be considered non-proprietary and non-confidential. You retain all of your ownership rights in your User Content, but you give Zynga a perpetual and irrevocable (other than as provided below or in our Privacy Policy), worldwide, royalty free, non-exclusive, license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform your User Content and any modified and derivative works thereof in connection with the Services, including in marketing and promotions. To the extent allowed by applicable laws, you waive any moral rights you may have in any User Content (like the right to be identified as the author of the User Content or the right to object to a certain use of that User Content).

We have the right to remove any of your User Content if, in our opinion, it does not comply with these Terms, our Community Rules, or any applicable Feature Terms. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any of your User Content constitutes a breach of their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy. We will also disclose your User Content to other third parties or government bodies where we are legally required to do so.

Zynga’s license to your User Content ends when you request deletion of your Account by submitting a request through our Personal Data Request Portal as described in our Privacy Policy, with the following exceptions:

    User Content submitted in response to Zynga promotions, which will be subject to any Feature Terms or other terms of the promotion;
    User Content either shared with others, which they have not deleted or already used publicly as allowed under these Terms; and
    User Content subject to a separate license with Zynga, which will be subject to the terms of such license.

If you request deletion of your User Content we will take reasonable steps to remove your User Content from active use, which may include suppression of your User Content in our systems. However, User Content may persist in our systems, including in back-up copies. We may also retain copies of User Content if we reasonably believe it is legally required.

When you post, publish, or transmit your observations and comments on the Services, such as in forums, blogs, and chat features, we cannot guarantee that other players will not use the ideas and information that you share. If you have an idea or information that you would like to keep confidential and/or don’t want others to use, don’t post it. ZYNGA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OTHER PERSON’S USE OR APPROPRIATION OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU POST, PUBLISH, OR TRANSMIT IN ANY FORUMS, BLOGS, OR CHAT ROOMS.

6. MONITORING USE OF SERVICES AND USER CONTENT

We have no obligation to monitor the Services for inappropriate or illegal User Content or the conduct of other players, and we take no responsibility for such conduct. We also are not responsible for information, materials, products, or services provided by other players (for instance, in their profiles) and User Content is not approved by us. By using our Services, you understand that you may be exposed to conduct that you might find offensive or otherwise objectionable. We do not endorse any User Content posted on the Services, and nor do we guarantee its truthfulness or accuracy. However, if someone is violating these Terms or misusing the Services, please let us know by using the “Report Abuse” link provided in the Services or contacting us at Customer Support. (For rules violations regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us via https://support.smallgiantgames.com/). For inquiries/requests regarding Puzzle Combat contact us via https://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/).

While we have no obligation to monitor the Services, we have the right, in our sole discretion, to monitor, record, or store your interactions with the Services or your communications with Zynga or other player when you are using the Services (including without limitation your communications through in-game text or video chat). For more information, see our Privacy Policy. We may also, at our discretion, choose to edit, refuse to post, or remove any User Content or any other materials that we deem in our sole discretion to be objectionable. If we determine that your communications or User Content violate these Terms, Feature Terms, or Community Rules, we have the right, in our sole discretion and without notice, to disable your ability to post User Content or to communicate with other players, or we may terminate your access to the Services entirely.

7. YOUR DEALINGS WITH OTHER PLAYERS

You are responsible for your interactions with other players. If you have a problem with another player, we are not required to get involved, but we can if we desire.

If you have a dispute with another player, you release Zynga, the Zynga Corporate Family, and all Zynga Affiliates from responsibility, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual or consequential) of every kind and nature, whether known or unknown, resulting from that dispute or connected to that dispute. This includes damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, or data. This does not apply to users located in the EEA. If you are located in the EEA, your liability vis-à-vis Zynga is as set forth by the law applicable in the country where you reside.

As part of the Services, we may offer you the opportunity to play with your friends or other matched opponents. To ensure that you always have available opponents at the right skill level, some of these matched opponents may be auto-generated players that look and play like real people.

If you are located in California, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”

We may allow you to use the Services to initiate SMS or MMS text messages to your friends, family, or other contacts. You are not required to send such text messages, you are solely responsible for them, and you understand that standard text messaging and data rates may apply based on your plan with your mobile phone carrier. You also understand that Zynga does not control the recipients, content, or timing of these text messages. If you choose to send text messages through the Services, you represent and warrant to us that the recipients of the text messages have appropriately consented to receive the text messages.

8. PAYMENT TERMS

We provide a service in the form of access to games, Virtual Items, and our other Services. In the Services you may use “real world” money to obtain a limited license and right to use Virtual Items and/or other goods or services.

How it Works:

You get a limited license and right to use Virtual Items by visiting the purchase page in one of our games or Services and providing billing authorization through the platform on which you are playing (e.g., Facebook, Apple, Google).

When you make a purchase on Zyngagames.com, zyngapoker.com, gotslotscasino.znyga.com or any Zynga-owned website, the payment page will let you know what payment methods you can use to pay when you make your purchase. The price of the product will be the price indicated on the order page when you place your order. When your purchase is complete, we may send you a confirmation email that will have details of the items you have ordered. Please check that the details in the confirmation message are correct as soon as possible and keep a copy of it for your records. Zynga keeps records of Zyngagames.com transactions in order to handle any future questions about that transaction.

When you purchase Virtual Items in our games on other platforms such as Facebook, Apple, or Google, Zynga is not a party to the transaction and your purchase will be governed by the third-party platform’s payment terms and conditions. Please review the platform’s terms of service for additional information. You can also contact our Billing Support team as described below for questions concerning refunds of purchases made through Facebook or Google.

For Virtual Items, your order will represent an offer to us to obtain a limited license and right to use the relevant Service(s) or Virtual Item(s) that will be accepted by us when we accept payment. At that point, the limited license begins.

For orders to obtain a limited license and right to use Virtual Items, by clicking the purchase/order button on the purchase window or page you:

    agree that we will supply the Virtual Items to you as soon as we have accepted your order; and
    if you reside in the European Union (the “EU”), you acknowledge that you will therefore no longer have the right to cancel under the EU’s Consumer Rights Directive (as implemented by the law of the country where you are located) once we start to supply the Virtual Item.

You understand that while you may “earn,” “buy,” or “purchase” Virtual Items in our Services, you do not legally “own” the Virtual Items and the amounts of any Virtual Item do not refer to any credit balance of real currency or its equivalent. Any “virtual currency” balance shown in your Account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of your limited license.

ALL SALES ARE FINAL: YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ZYNGA IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY, OR WHETHER YOU MADE A PAYMENT THROUGH ZYNGAGAMES.COM OR ANOTHER PLATFORM SUCH AS APPLE, GOOGLE, FACEBOOK, OR ANY OTHER SITES OR PLATFORMS WHERE WE OFFER OUR SERVICES.

PURCHASES TO ACQUIRE A LIMITED LICENSE AND RIGHT TO USE VIRTUAL ITEMS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW.

Additional Payment Terms:

You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an Account registered to you. Zynga may revise the pricing for the goods and services it licenses to you through the Services at any time.

Subscriptions are also subject to our additional Subscription Terms.

Billing Support:

For billing support, please contact us through Customer Support or call our billing support team at 1-800-762-2530 (North America) or your country code + 80011551398 (all other countries). Please note that telephone support for billing-related issues and questions is available in English only. These telephone numbers are for billing-related issues and questions ONLY. The person that answers the telephone at these billing support telephone numbers will NOT be able to help you with technical issues, game play, or in-game purchasing questions. For non-billing customer assistance, you must contact us through Customer Support.

9. PROMOTIONS AND OFFERS

From time to time, we may offer limited-time promotions. Please review the official rules or Feature Terms (if any) associated with any promotion. They will apply in addition to these Terms.

In addition, from time to time, we may promote Offers. We are not required to give, and you are not required to accept, any Offer. Offers are not transferable, redeemable, or exchangeable for other things of value, except at our sole discretion. If you accept any Offer, you may have to sign a declaration of eligibility and liability release or other paperwork to receive the Offer. Some Offers will be subject to taxes and other charges, travel, or activities outside of the virtual world, all of which will be disclosed before you accept the offer. If you accept any Offer, you assume all liability associated with the Offer.

10. THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING

Our Services may feature advertisements from us or other companies. Our Privacy Policy explains what information we share with advertisers. Please read it.

Sometimes we provide links in our games or on the Services to other third-party companies’ websites or to companies who invite you to participate in a promotional offer and offer you some feature of the Services or upgrade (such as in-game currency) in exchange. Any charge or obligation you take on in dealing with these other companies is your responsibility.

We are not responsible for any third-party website that we link to in our Services, and such a link does not mean we endorse or approve that linked site or any information you obtain from it. We are not liable for any claim relating to any content, goods, and/or services of third parties.

Please also note that the linked third-party sites are not under our control and may collect data or ask you to provide them with personal or other information, or they may automatically collect information from you. When you use these third-party sites and services, the third-party company may (or may not) ask you for permission to access your information and content. We are not responsible for these other companies’ content, business practices, or privacy policies, or for how they collect, use, or share the information they get from you.

11. COPYRIGHT NOTICES/COMPLAINTS

We respect the intellectual property rights of others and ask that you do, as well. We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), the E-Commerce Directive and associated legislation in the EU, and similar or equivalent other local laws that may apply. For more information, please go to Zynga’s Copyright Page to review our Notification Guidelines. We reserve the right to terminate any player’s access to the Services if we determine that the player is a “repeat infringer.” We do not have to notify the player before we do this.

12. FEEDBACK AND UNSOLICITED IDEAS

We may request your feedback on certain features through a promotion or our customer insights program. You are not obliged to respond to our request. Any feedback you provide at our request through a promotion or program is subject to the rules of the specific promotion or program. And any idea, information, or feedback you submit to us voluntarily is subject to our Unsolicited Ideas.

13. AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES; WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

Zynga, the Zynga Corporate Family, and the Zynga Affiliates make no promises or guarantees that the Services or any content on them will always be available, uninterrupted, or error-free. We may suspend, withdraw, or restrict the availability of all or any part of our Services for business and operational reasons.

USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THEY ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA CORPORATE FAMILY, AND THE ZYNGA AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES. ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA CORPORATE FAMILY, AND THE ZYNGA AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR OTHER TERMS OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

If your state or country does not allow these disclaimers, they do not apply to you. If your state or country requires a certain period for which a warranty applies, it will be either the shorter of 30 days from your first use of the Services or the shortest period required by law.

14. LIMITATIONS; WAIVER OF LIABILITY

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA CORPORATE FAMILY, AND THE ZYNGA AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE

(1) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR DATA, IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES; OR

(2) FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES AND OPERATORS OF EXTERNAL SITES.

THE RISK OF USING THE SERVICES AND EXTERNAL SITES RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU AS DOES THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE SERVICES AND EXTERNAL SITES.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY ANY LAW THAT APPLIES, THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY IN THESE TERMS APPLY TO ALL DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY THE SERVICES, OR RELATED TO USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES, UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION IN ANY JURISDICTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTIONS FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE).

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA CORPORATE FAMILY, AND/OR THE ZYNGA AFFILIATES IS LIMITED TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA CORPORATE FAMILY, AND/OR THE ZYNGA AFFILIATE IN THE ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS (180) DAYS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM.

IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA CORPORATE FAMILY, OR ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE ANY AMOUNT IN THE ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS (180) DAYS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA CORPORATE FAMILY, AND/OR ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICES AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT.

Some states or countries do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitations/exclusions of liability described above, which means these limitations/exclusions may not apply to you if you reside in one of those states or countries. These limitations/exclusions apply fully to New Jersey residents.

These limitations/exclusions to do not apply to users located in the EEA. For those users, if Zynga fails to comply with these Terms, Zynga is responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of Zynga’s breach of these Terms or is a result of Zynga’s negligence, but Zynga is not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and Zynga at the time we entered into these Terms.

15. AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER

THIS SECTION ONLY APPLIES TO PLAYERS IN THE US AND CANADA.

If you are having a problem with the Services, many issues can be resolved on one of our player forums.

Before bringing a formal legal case, you must first contact our Customer Support team at https://www.zynga.com/support. In the event that you and Zynga can’t resolve the dispute through Customer Service, you and Zynga both agree to arbitrate as described below.

You and Zynga Both Agree to Arbitrate

By voluntarily accepting these Terms (and in many of our Services by voluntarily clicking or tapping an in-game button to affirmatively indicate your agreement to these Terms), you, Zynga, and any member of the Zynga Corporate Family all agree to the fullest extent permitted by law to resolve any claims arising out of, relating to, or in connection with the Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, your relationship with us, or Zynga’s Services, including but not limited to your use of the Services and information you provide via the Services, through final and binding arbitration. This applies to all claims under any legal theory, unless the claim fits within the Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate identified below. This agreement to arbitrate also applies even after you stop using your Zynga account or delete it. (In this Section 15 and in Section 17, you, Zynga, and any member of the Zynga Corporate Family may be referred to individually as “a party” or collectively as “the parties.”)

An arbitration proceeding is before a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge and jury, so by voluntarily accepting these Terms, you, Zynga, and any member of the Zynga Corporate Family all agree to give up the right to a trial before a judge and jury. Arbitrations have different rules from lawsuits in court. They are less formal than lawsuits in courts and provide limited opportunities to force the other side to share information relevant to the dispute—a process called discovery. The arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual, except as limited by these Terms.. But, if any party does not like the arbitrator’s decision, the courts only have a limited ability to change the outcome of arbitration or make the arbitrator reconsider his or her decision.

If any party disagrees about whether this Section 15 (or any portion of this Section 15, including without limitation the provisions relating to arbitration, class action waiver, and opting out) can be enforced or whether it applies to the dispute, the parties all agree that a court will have sole authority to decide those issues.

If a court determines that any provision under the heading “No Class Actions” or “Related Claims” is not enforceable or valid, then the entire Section 15 (Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver) will be null and void (i.e., go away). But the rest of the Terms, Feature Terms, and Community Rules will still apply.

In addition, if you, Zynga, or a Zynga Corporate Family member brings a claim in court that should be arbitrated, or any party refuses to arbitrate a claim that should be arbitrated, any other party can ask a court to force the parties to go to arbitration to resolve the claim (i.e., compel arbitration). You, Zynga, or the Zynga Corporate Family member may also ask a court to halt a court proceeding (i.e., stay the court proceedings) while an arbitration proceeding is ongoing.

The Arbitration Process

The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will control any arbitration between you and Zynga or the Zynga Corporate Family member, and AAA’s then-current rules and procedures, including the Consumer Arbitration Rules, will be used. You can look at AAA’s rules and procedures on their website at www.adr.org. If something in these Terms is different from AAA’s rules and procedures, then the parties agree to follow these Terms instead.

To start an arbitration proceeding, use the form on AAA’s website (www.adr.org).

If you reside outside of the United States, arbitration may take place in the county where you reside at the time of filing. If you reside in the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in the State of California, United States of America. You and Zynga further agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court in San Francisco County, California in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.

Zynga agrees that to initiate any arbitration claim against you with the AAA, Zynga must include the following information in addition to what is required by the AAA: (1) identifying information linked to any and all your Zynga accounts that it can identify (past or present), including Zynga IDs, Facebook IDs, and email addresses and (2) a specific explanation of how Zynga believes it was harmed by your conduct and the facts supporting its claim for monetary relief. You agree that to initiate any arbitration claim against Zynga with the AAA, you must include the following information in addition to what is required by the AAA:  (1) identifying information linked to any and all your Zynga accounts that you can identify (past or present), including Zynga IDs, Facebook IDs, and email addresses and (2) a specific explanation of how you believe you were harmed by Zynga’s conduct and the facts supporting your claim for monetary relief.

You and Zynga agree to appear (in person or remotely by telephone, video conference, or other live electronic communication) for any hearing unless you and Zynga later agree otherwise.

Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator costs and expenses will be governed by the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules, except that if you demonstrate that any such costs and expenses owed by you under those rules would be prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding, Zynga will pay the amount of any such costs and expenses that the arbitrator determines are necessary to prevent the arbitration from being prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding (subject to reimbursement as set forth below). In the event that the arbitrator determines that all of the claims you assert in arbitration are frivolous according to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, you agree to reimburse Zynga for all such cost and expenses that Zynga paid and that you would have been obligated to pay under the AAA rules.

In the event that the AAA is unable to appoint an arbitrator to any claim brought by you or Zynga, either party may apply to a state or federal court in San Francisco, California for appointment of an arbitrator. Any arbitrator appointed by a court shall conduct the arbitration in conformity with AAA rules and procedures (including those concerning costs and expenses), except where these Terms provide otherwise.

Related Claims

The parties agree that, in the event that multiple claims are filed with the AAA that arise from the same or substantially similar transactions, incidents, or events (“Related Claims”), those arbitration claims (whether brought against Zynga or you) will be processed by the AAA individually, and in the order they are filed.  The parties agree that AAA may not accept any Related Claim for arbitration, or charge any filing fees for a Related Claim, until any earlier-filed Related Claim(s) have been accepted for arbitration and an arbitrator appointed to the Related Claim(s).  If multiple Related Claims are filed at the same time, the parties agree that the claims will be processed individually in an order to be determined by the AAA, and that AAA will not accept any such Related Claim for arbitration or charge any filing fees for such Related Claim, until an arbitrator has been appointed to any Related Claim(s) deemed to be prior in order.

In order to ensure the impartiality and independence required of an arbitrator under the AAA rules, the parties agree that an arbitrator may not be appointed to adjudicate a claim if the arbitrator is involved in any Related Claims.

Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate

The parties all agree that they will go to court to resolve disputes

    Relating to your, Zynga’s, or a Zynga Corporate Family member’s intellectual property (for example, trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, or patents);
    Relating to any violation of the Community Rules;
    Where the sole form of relief sought is injunctive relief; or
    Within the jurisdiction of small claims courts.

The parties agree not to pursue injunctive relief in arbitration, which must be sought in court. If a party has a dispute in which they seek to obtain both injunctive and other forms of relief, the party must go to court to seek injunctive relief and must arbitrate to seek other forms of relief.

For more information about which court the parties can go to for resolving these types of disputes, see Section 17 (Venue for Legal Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration).

No Class Actions

By voluntarily accepting these Terms (and in many of our Services by voluntarily clicking or tapping an in-game button to affirmatively indicate your agreement to these Terms), you, Zynga, and the Zynga Corporate Family all agree that the parties can only bring a claim against each other on an individual basis.

That means:

    The parties agree that neither you nor Zynga nor any member of the Zynga Corporate Family can bring a claim as a plaintiff or class member in a class action, consolidated action, or representative action.
    The parties agree that the arbitrator cannot combine more than one person’s claim into a single case, and cannot preside over any consolidated, class, or representative arbitration proceeding (unless the parties all agree to change this).
    The parties agree that the arbitrator’s decision or award in one person’s case can only impact the person who brought the claim, not other Zynga players, and cannot be used to decide other disputes with other players.

Opting out of the Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver

You have the right to opt out and not be bound by the arbitration and class action waiver provisions in this Section 15 by sending us written notice of your decision to opt out through Customer Support or by physical mail as stated in Notices. The notice must be sent within thirty (30) days of your first use of the Services or availability of this opt-out, whichever is later; otherwise, you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes as set out in this Section 15. If you opt out of these arbitration provisions, Zynga also will not be bound by them.

Changes to Section 15 Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver

We will give you 60-days’ notice by email or through the Services if we change this Section 15 on our Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver. If this subsection on “Changes to Section 15 on Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver” is found to not be enforceable or valid, then this subsection shall be severed from Section 15, and the court or arbitrator shall apply the first Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver section in existence after you began using the Services.

Survival

This Section 15 shall survive termination of these Terms.

16. APPLICABLE LAW

If you are located in the United States, you agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act (including its procedural provisions) governs the interpretation and enforcement of Section 15 (Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver). In addition, these Terms and our relationship will be governed by California law, except for its conflicts of laws principles.

If you are located anywhere other than the United States, these Terms and our relationship will be governed by Irish law, except for its conflicts of laws principles.

17. VENUE FOR LEGAL DISPUTES NOT SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION

If you are located in the United States, judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions) that are excluded from the Arbitration Agreement in Section 15 must be brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless the parties agree to some other location. You, Zynga, and the Zynga Corporate Family all consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.

If you are located anywhere other than the United States, judicial proceedings must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the state where you are habitually resident (“Applicable Jurisdiction”), unless the parties all agree to some other location. You, Zynga, and the Zynga Corporate Family all consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in the Applicable Jurisdiction.

18. SEPARATION OF TERMS

Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. Except as described in Section 15 under the “No Class Actions” heading, if any part of these Terms, Feature Terms, or Community Rules is not enforceable, the rest of these Terms, Feature Terms, and Community Rules still apply and are binding, and any unenforceable term will be substituted with a term that comes as economically close to the unlawful or unenforceable term as possible.

19. ASSIGNMENT

We may give our rights, or our obligations, under these Terms, Feature Terms, or Community Rules to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not give your rights or your obligations under these Terms, Feature Terms, or Community Rules to anyone without first getting Zynga’s written consent, and any attempt to do so without our consent is void.

20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

These Terms, and any other policies or rules we reference in these Terms, make up the entire agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter of these Terms, and supersede all prior understandings of the parties relating to the subject matter of these Terms, whether those prior understandings were electronic, oral or written, or whether established by custom, practice, policy or precedent, between you and us. This provision does not apply to users located in the EEA.

21.LANGUAGE OF THE TERMS

If we provide a translated version of these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, Privacy Policy, or any other terms or policy, it is for informational purposes only. If the translated version means something different from the English version, then the English meaning will be the one that applies. This provision does not apply to users located in the EEA.

22. NO WAIVER

If we do not enforce our rights under these Terms, Feature Terms, or Community Rules, that does not waive our right to do so later. And, if we do expressly waive a provision of these Terms, Feature Terms, or Community Rules, that does not mean it is waived for all time in the future. If we do waive a default or breach by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default or breach by you.

23. NOTICES

If we have to give you notice of something according to the Terms, Feature Terms, or Community Rules, we may notify you by posting a message on www.zynga.com or in the Zynga game(s) you play, sending you an e-mail, or using other ways of communicating with you based on the contact information you provide to us.

If you have to give us notice of something according to the Terms, Feature Terms, or Community Rules, the notice must be in writing and addressed to Zynga Inc., Attn: LEGAL DEPARTMENT, 699 8th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, unless we have provided a more specific way of notifying us.

24. FORCE MAJEURE

We are not liable for any changes or problems out of our control, for example changes or problems caused by natural disasters, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, network infrastructure failures, strikes, or shortages of transportation, facilities, fuel, energy, labor, or materials. This provision does not apply to users located in the EEA.
