Terms of services
* Accepting the Terms of Service
The purpose of this website, 9gag.com (the “Site”), owned and operated by 9GAG, Inc, is to provide web publishing services. Please read these terms of service (“Agreement”) carefully before using the Site or any services provided on the Site (collectively, “Services”). By using or accessing the Services, you agree to become bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not use the Services. The Services are accessed by You (“Subscriber” or “You”) under the following terms and conditions:
* 1. Access to the Services
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 9GAG, Inc may offer to provide the Services, as described more fully on the Site, and which are selected by Subscriber, solely for Subscriber’s own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. Services shall include, but not be limited to, any services 9GAG, Inc performs for Subscriber, as well as the offering of any Content (as defined below) on the Site. 9GAG, Inc may change, suspend or discontinue the Services at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or Content. 9GAG, Inc may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict Subscriber’s access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. 9GAG, Inc reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify these Terms of Service at any time by posting revised Terms of Service on the Site and by providing notice via e-mail, where possible, or on the Site. Subscriber shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Use of the Services by Subscriber following such modification constitutes Subscriber's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified.
Subscriber certifies to 9GAG, Inc that if Subscriber is an individual (i.e., not a corporate entity), Subscriber is at least 13 years of age. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information to or on 9GAG, Inc (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number or email address). Subscriber also certifies that it is legally permitted to use the Services and access the Site, and takes full responsibility for the selection and use of the Services and access of the Site. This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Site is revoked in such jurisdictions. 9GAG, Inc makes no claim that the Site may be lawfully viewed or that Content may be downloaded outside of Hong Kong. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If You access the Site from outside Hong Kong, You do so at Your own risk and You are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction.
9GAG, Inc will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Site and Services are available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. However, there will be occasions when the Site and/or Services will be interrupted for maintenance, upgrades and repairs or due to failure of telecommunications links and equipment. Every reasonable step will be taken by 9GAG, Inc to minimize such disruption where it is within 9GAG, Inc’s reasonable control.
You agree that neither 9GAG, Inc nor the Site will be liable in any event to you or any other party for any suspension, modification, discontinuance or lack of availability of the Site, the service, your Subscriber Content or other Content.
9GAG, Inc retains the right to create limits on use and storage in its sole discretion at any time with or without notice.
Subscriber shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access the Site or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, and long distance or local telephone service. Subscriber shall be responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Services.
* 2. Site Content
The Site and its contents are intended solely for the use of 9GAG, Inc Subscribers and may only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. All materials displayed or performed on the Site, including, but not limited to text, graphics, logos, tools, photographs, images, illustrations, software or source code, audio and video, animations and Themes (as defined below), including without limitation the 9GAG, Inc Template Code (as defined below) (collectively, “Content”) (other than Content posted by Subscriber (“Subscriber Content”)) are the property of 9GAG, Inc and/or third parties and are protected by Hong Kong and international copyright laws. The 9GAG, Inc API shall be used solely pursuant to the terms of the API Terms of Service. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to 9GAG, Inc and/or third parties. Subscriber shall abide by all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.
The Site is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to Hong Kong copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. Other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement, Subscriber may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, upload, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part.
Subscriber may download or copy the Content, and other items displayed on the Site for download, for personal use only, provided that Subscriber maintains all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. Downloading, copying, or storing any Content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from 9GAG, Inc, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice. In the event You download software from the Site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and the data accompanying the software (collectively, the “Software”) is licensed to You by 9GAG, Inc or third party licensors for Your personal, noncommercial use, and no title to the Software shall be transferred to You. You may own the Subscriber Content on which the Software is recorded, but 9GAG, Inc or third party licensors retain full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein.
* 3. Subscriber Content
Subscriber shall own all Subscriber Content that Subscriber contributes to the Site, but hereby grants and agrees to grant 9GAG, Inc a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable right and license (with the right to sublicense), to use, copy, cache, publish, display, distribute, modify, create derivative works and store such Subscriber Content and to allow others to do so (“Content License”) in order to provide the Services. On termination of Subscriber’s membership to the Site and use of the Services, 9GAG, Inc shall make all reasonable efforts to promptly remove from the Site and cease use of the Subscriber Content; however, Subscriber recognizes and agrees that caching of or references to the Subscriber Content may not be immediately removed. Subscriber warrants, represents and agrees Subscriber has the right to grant 9GAG, Inc and the Site the rights set forth above. Subscriber represents, warrants and agrees that it will not contribute any Subscriber Content that (a) infringes, violates or otherwise interferes with any copyright or trademark of another party, (b) reveals any trade secret, unless Subscriber owns the trade secret or has the owner’s permission to post it, (c) infringes any intellectual property right of another or the privacy or publicity rights of another, (d) is libelous, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harassing, hateful, offensive or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party, (e) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb or other computer programming routine or engine that is intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information, or (f) remains posted after Subscriber has been notified that such Subscriber Content violates any of sections (a) to (e) of this sentence. 9GAG, Inc reserves the right to remove any Subscriber Content from the Site, suspend or terminate Subscriber’s right to use the Services at any time, or pursue any other remedy or relief available to 9GAG, Inc and/or the Site under equity or law, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Subscriber Content or if 9GAG, Inc is concerned that Subscriber may have breached the immediately preceding sentence), or for no reason at all.
* 4. Restrictions
Subscriber is responsible for all of its activity in connection with the Services and accessing the Site. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity or any use of the Services or Content in violation of this Agreement may be grounds for termination of Subscriber’s right to Services or to access the Site. Subscriber may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any 9GAG, Inc user.
Use of the Site or Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal material including that are deemed threatening or obscene, or engage in any kind of illegal activity is expressly prohibited. Under no circumstances will Subscriber use the Site or the Service to (a) send unsolicited e-mails, bulk mail, spam or other materials to users of the Site or any other individual, (b) harass, threaten, stalk or abuse any person or party, including other users of the Site, (c) create a false identity or to impersonate another person, or (d) post any false, inaccurate or incomplete material or delete or revise any material that was not posted by You.
* 5. Warranty disclaimer
9GAG, Inc has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to Subscriber. Subscriber acknowledges that 9GAG, Inc has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Site; which Content Subscriber accesses via the Site; what effects the Content may have on Subscriber; how Subscriber may interpret or use the Content; or what actions Subscriber may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. Much of the Content of the Site is provided by and is the responsibility of the user or subscriber who posted the Content. 9GAG, Inc does not monitor the Content of the Site and takes no responsibility for such Content. Subscriber releases 9GAG, Inc from all liability for Subscriber having acquired or not acquired Content through the Site. The Site may contain, or direct Subscriber to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. 9GAG, Inc makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Site, and 9GAG, Inc will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Site.
Although 9GAG, Inc and the Site will make reasonable efforts to store and preserve the material residing on the Site, neither 9GAG, Inc nor the Site is responsible or liable in any way for the failure to store, preserve or access Subscriber Content or other materials you transmit or archive on the Site. You are strongly urged to take measures to preserve copies of any data, material, content or information you post or upload on the Site. You are solely responsible for creating back-ups of your Subscriber Content.
The Services, Content, Site and any Software are provided on an "as is" basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. 9GAG, Inc makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the Site, the Services, including any representation or warranty that the use of the Site or Services will (a) be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in combination with any other hardware, software, system or data, (b) meet your requirements or expectations, (c) be free from errors or that defects will be corrected, (d) be free of viruses or other harmful components.
To the fullest extent allowed by law, 9GAG, Inc disclaims any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, availability, completeness, legality or operability of the material or services provided on this Site. By using this Site, you acknowledge that 9GAG, Inc is not responsible or liable for any harm resulting from (1) use of the Site; (2) downloading information contained on the Site including but not limited to downloads of content posted by subscribers; (3) unauthorized disclosure of images, information or data that results from the upload, download or storage of content posted by subscribers; (4) the temporary or permanent inability to access or retrieve any Subscriber Content from the Site, including, without limitation, harm caused by viruses, worms, trojan horses, or any similar contamination or destructive program.
Some places do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply to Subscriber.
* 6. Third party websites
Users of the Site may gain access from the Site to third party sites on the Internet through hypertext or other computer links on the Site. Third party sites are not within the supervision or control of 9GAG, Inc or the Site. Unless explicitly otherwise provided, neither 9GAG, Inc nor the Site make any representation or warranty whatsoever about any third party site that is linked to the Site, or endorse the products or services offered on such site. 9GAG, Inc and the Site disclaim: (a) all responsibility and liability for content on third party websites and (b) any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) You might be requested to give any third party, and You hereby irrevocably waive any claim against the Site or 9GAG, Inc with respect to such sites and third party content.
* 7. Registration and security
As a condition to using Services, Subscriber will be required to register with 9GAG, Inc and select a password and 9GAG, Inc URL. Subscriber shall provide 9GAG, Inc with accurate, complete, and updated registration information, including Subscriber’s e-mail address. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of Subscriber's account. Subscriber may not (a) select or use as a 9GAG, Inc URL a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (b) use as a 9GAG, Inc URL a name subject to any rights of a person other than Subscriber without appropriate authorization. 9GAG, Inc reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a 9GAG, Inc URL in its discretion. Subscriber shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Subscriber's 9GAG, Inc password. Subscriber is solely responsible for any use of or action taken under Subscriber’s password and accepts full responsibility for all activity conducted through Subscriber’s account and agrees to and hereby releases the Site and 9GAG, Inc from any and all liability concerning such activity. Subscriber agrees to notify 9GAG, Inc immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of Subscriber’s account or password. The Site will take reasonably security precautions when using the internet, telephone or other means to transport date or other communications, but expressly disclaims any and all liability for the accessing of any such data communications by unauthorized persons or entities.
* 8. Indemnity
Subscriber will indemnify and hold 9GAG, Inc, its directors, officers and employees, harmless, including costs and attorneys' fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of Subscriber’s access to the Site, use of the Services, the violation of this Agreement by Subscriber, or the infringement by Subscriber, or any third party using the Subscriber's account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
* 9. Limitation of liability
In no event shall 9GAG, Inc, its directors, officers, shareholders, employees or members be liable with respect to the Site or the Services for (a) any indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever; (b) damages for loss of use, profits, data, images, Subscriber Content or other intangibles; (c) damages for unauthorized use, non-performance of the Site, errors or omissions; or (d) damages related to downloading or posting Content. 9GAG, Inc's and the Site's collective liability under this agreement shall be limited to three hundred U.S. Dollars. Some places do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to Subscriber.
* 10. Fees and payment
Some of the Services require payment of fees. All fees are stated in U.S. dollars. Subscriber shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the Site in connection with such Services selected by Subscriber, and any related taxes or additional charges. All fees are non-refundable unless expressly stated otherwise on the Site. Subscriber represents to 9GAG, Inc that Subscriber is the authorized account holder or an authorized user of the chosen method of payment used to pay for the paid aspects of the Services. All fee-based Services and virtual goods are provided “AS IS” with no warranties of any kind. 9GAG, Inc may modify and/or eliminate such fee-based Services at its discretion. Subscriber understands and agrees that the payment for virtual goods grants Subscriber a limited license to use the virtual goods as specified on the Site.
9GAG, Inc may change its prices at any time but will provide you reasonable notice of any such changes by posting the new prices on the Site and by sending you email notification. If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you may cancel the services prior to the change going into effect.
* 11. Termination
Either party may terminate the Services at any time by notifying the other party by any means. 9GAG, Inc may also terminate or suspend any and all Services and access to the Site immediately, without prior notice or liability, if Subscriber breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. Upon termination of Subscriber's account, Subscriber’s right to use the Services, access the Site, and any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination of Your access to and use of the Site and the Services shall not relieve Subscriber of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability which Subscriber otherwise may have to 9GAG, Inc or the Site, including without limitation any indemnification obligations contained herein.
* 12. Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which governs the use of personal information on the Site and to which Subscriber agrees to be bound as a user of the Site.
* 13. Miscellaneous
This Agreement (including the Privacy Policy), as modified from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement between You, the Site and 9GAG, Inc with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. 9GAG, Inc shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond 9GAG, Inc’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by Subscriber except with 9GAG, Inc’s prior written consent. 9GAG, Inc may assign this Agreement in whole or in part at any time without Subscriber’s consent. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and Subscriber does not have any authority of any kind to bind 9GAG, Inc in any respect whatsoever.
* 14. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Infringements
9GAG respects the intellectual property of others and takes the protection of copyrights and all other intellectual property very seriously, and we ask our users to do the same. Infringing activity will not be tolerated on or through the Services.
9GAG’s intellectual property policy is to (a) remove material that 9GAG believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or their agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the Services, and (b) remove any Subscriber Content posted to the Services by “repeat infringers.” 9GAG considers a “repeat infringer” to be any user that has uploaded Subscriber Content to the Services and for whom 9GAG has received more than two takedown notices compliant with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) with respect to such Subscriber Content. 9GAG has discretion, however, to terminate the account of any user after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon 9GAG’s own determination.
Procedure for Reporting Claimed Infringement
If you believe that any content made available on or through the Services has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes an intellectual property right you own or control, then please promptly send a “Notification of Claimed Infringement” containing the following information to the Designated Agent identified below. Your communication must include substantially the following:
- A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the work(s) that has/have been allegedly infringed;
- Identification of works or materials being infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
- Identification of the specific material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit 9GAG to locate the material;
- Information reasonably sufficient to permit 9GAG to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted;
- A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
- A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 
You should consult with your own lawyer and/or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm your obligations to provide a valid notice of claimed infringement. 
Designated Agent Contact Information
9GAG’s Designated Agent for notices of claimed infringement can be contacted at:
Via E-mail:
copyright@9GAG.com
Via International Mail:
9GAG
16/F, King Palace Plaza,
52A Sha Tsui Road,
Tsuen Wan,
Hong Kong
Attn: Copyright Department
Counter Notification
If you receive a notification from 9GAG that material made available by you on or through the Services has been the subject of a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then you will have the right to provide 9GAG with what is called a “Counter Notification.” To be effective, a Counter Notification must be in writing, provided to 9GAG’s Designated Agent through one of the methods identified immediately above, and include substantially the following information:
- A physical or electronic signature of the subscriber;
- Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
- A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
- The subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which 9GAG may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided a Notification of Claimed Infringement as set forth above or an agent of such person.
A party submitting a Counter Notification should consult a lawyer or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm the party’s obligations to provide a valid counter notification under the Copyright Act.
9GAG Actions Following Receipt of Counter Notification
Upon receipt of a Counter Notification, 9GAG shall promptly provide the party submitting a Notification of Claimed Infringement with a copy of the Counter Notification, and 9GAG will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in not less than 10, nor more than fourteen (14), business days following receipt of the Counter Notice, unless 9GAG’s Designated Agent first receives notice from the person who submitted the Notification of Claimed Infringement that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on 9GAG’s system or network. 
False Notifications of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notifications
The Copyright Act provides that: 
[a]ny person who knowingly materially misrepresents under [Section 512 of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512)] (1) that material or activity is infringing, or (2) that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, shall be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by the alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner’s authorized licensee, or by a service provider, who is injured by such misrepresentation, as the result of [9GAG] relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it.
17 U.S.C. § 512(f).
9GAG reserves the right to seek damages from any party that submits a Notification of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notification in violation of the law.
For the avoidance of doubt, only notices submitted under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and the procedures set forth in this Agreement should be sent to the Designated Agent at copyright@9GAG.com or to the postal address identified above. Any other comments, compliments, complaints or suggestions about 9GAG, the operation of the Services or any other matter should be sent to support@9gag.com.


Last Updated Date: May 15, 2017
Academia, Inc. ("Academia.edu" or "we") offers a social networking service which enables its users, including graduate students and academics, to create academic profile pages and to connect with other users, including graduate students and academics, around the world with the same research interests (the “Services”) through our website, accessible at academia.edu (the “Site”). Please read carefully the following terms and conditions (“Terms”) and our Privacy Policy, which may be found at academia.edu/privacy and which is incorporated by reference into these Terms. These Terms govern your access to and use of the Site, Services and Collective Content (defined below), and constitute a binding legal agreement between you and Academia.edu.


ARBITRATION NOTICE: UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE YOU FIRST AGREE TO THESE TERMS BY FOLLOWING THE OPT-OUT PROCEDURE SPECIFIED IN THE “ARBITRATION” SECTION BELOW, AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE “ARBITRATION “SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND ACADEMIA.EDU WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.


Key Content-related Terms
“Content” means text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, information or other works of authorship.
“Academia.edu Content” means Content that Academia.edu makes available through the Site or Services, including any Content licensed from a third party, but excluding Member Content.
“Member” means a person who completes Academia.edu’s account registration process, as described under the “Account Registration” section below.
“Member Content” means Content that a Member posts, uploads, publishes, submits or transmits to be made available through the Site or Services.
“Collective Content” means, collectively, Academia.edu Content and Member Content.
Certain areas of the Site (and your access to or use of certain Services or Collective Content) may have different terms and conditions posted or may require you to agree with and accept additional terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions posted for a specific area of the Site, Services or Collective Content, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your use of or access to that area of the Site, Services or Collective Content, as applicable.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE OR SERVICES OR BY DOWNLOADING OR POSTING ANY CONTENT FROM OR ON THE SITE OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE READ, AND THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THESE TERMS, WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE REGISTERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, THEN YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO ACCESS OR USE THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT. If you accept or agree to these Terms on behalf of a company, university or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company, university or other legal entity to these Terms and, in such event, “you” and “your” will refer and apply to that company or other legal entity.


Modification
Academia.edu reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify the Site, Services and these Terms, at any time and without prior notice. If we modify these Terms we will post the modification on the Site or provide you with notice of the modification. We will also update the “Last Updated Date” at the top of these Terms. By continuing to access or use the Site or Services after we have posted a modification on the Site or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Terms. If the modified Terms are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Site and Services.


Eligibility
The Site and Services are intended solely for persons who are 13 years of age or older. Any access to or use of the Site or Services by anyone under the age of 13 is expressly prohibited. By accessing or using the Site or Services you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older.


Account Registration
In order to access certain features of the Site and Services and to post any Member Content on the Site or through the Services you must register to create an account (“Account”) and become a Member.
You may register directly via the Site or by logging into your account with certain third party social media or social networking sites (“SNS”) (including, but not limited to, Facebook) via the Site, as described herein. If you decide to register through an SNS, we will extract the personal information you have provided to the SNS (such as your “real” name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) from the account you have with the applicable SNS and use that information to create your Account. The specific information that we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS. You hereby consent to our access to and collection of such personal information about you. During the registration process, you will be required to provide certain information and you will establish a username and a password.
You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and to update such information to keep it accurate, current and complete. Academia.edu reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Account if any information provided during the registration process or thereafter proves to be inaccurate, not current or incomplete. You are responsible for safeguarding your password. You agree that you will not disclose your password to any third party and that you will take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under your Account, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions. You will immediately notify Academia.edu of any unauthorized use of your Account.


Privacy
See Academia.edu’s Privacy Policy at academia.edu/privacy for information and notices concerning Academia.edu’s collection and use of your personal information.


Payments
Academia.edu may offer you the ability to access certain features through purchase of a recurring subscription (“Subscription”).
When you purchase a Subscription or make any other paid feature related purchase via the Services (each, a “Transaction”), you expressly authorize us (or our third party payment processor, e.g. Stripe) to charge you for such Transaction. We may ask you to supply additional information relevant to your Transaction, including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address and additional information to verify your identity before completing your Transaction (such information, “Payment Information”). You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use all payment method(s) represented by any such Payment Information. When you initiate a Transaction, you authorize us to store and continue billing you using your Payment Information and to provide your Payment Information to our third party payment processors as needed to complete your Transactions. We may also periodically authorize your payment method in anticipation of applicable fees or related charges. Further, as part of our order processing procedures, we may screen orders for fraud or other undesirable activity. If we feel an order could be fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal, we reserve the right to refuse to process that order. Your Subscription continues until cancelled by you or we terminate your access to or use of the Services or the Subscription in accordance with these Terms.
If you elect to purchase an annual or monthly Subscription, you will be charged the annual or monthly Subscription fee (“Subscription Fee”) plus any applicable taxes, at the beginning of your Subscription and each year or month thereafter, respectively, at the then-current rate. If you elect to purchase an annual Subscription, we (or our third party payment processor) will automatically charge you on the anniversary of the commencement of your Subscription using the Payment Information you have provided. If you elect to purchase a monthly Subscription, we (or our third party payment processor) will automatically charge you each month, on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your Subscription, using the Payment Information you have provided. In the event your Subscription began on a day not contained in a given month, your payment method will be charged on a day in the applicable month or such other day as we deem appropriate. For example, if you started your Subscription on January 31st, your next payment date is likely to be February 28th, and your payment method would be billed on that date. 
By agreeing to these Terms and electing to purchase a Subscription, you acknowledge that your Subscription has recurring payment features and you accept responsibility for all recurring payment obligations prior to cancellation of your Subscription by you or Academia.edu.
Free Trials. We may offer Subscriptions on a free trial basis (“Free Trial”) for a specified period of time. If we offer you a Free Trial, the specific terms of your Free Trial will be provided at signup and/or in the promotional materials describing the Free Trial and your use of the Free Trial is subject to your compliance with such specific terms. Free Trials may not be combined with any other offer. Except as may otherwise be provided in the specific terms for the Free Trial offer, Free Trials are only available to users who have not previously subscribed to the service in connection with which the Free Trial is being offered. When you agree to a Free Trial, you are also agreeing to sign up for a Subscription as described above and, consequently, unless you cancel your Subscription prior to the end of your Free Trial, we (or our third party payment processor) will begin charging your payment method on a recurring basis for the Subscription Fee (plus any applicable taxes) until you cancel your Subscription. Instructions for cancelling your Subscription are stated below in the “Cancelling Subscriptions” section. We reserve the right to modify or terminate Free Trials at any time, without notice and in our sole discretion.
Cancelling Subscriptions
You may cancel your Subscription at any time. PLEASE NOTE, HOWEVER, THAT, EXCEPT FOR THE THIRTY (30) DAY PERIOD FOLLOWING THE START OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, ALL SALES ARE FINAL. AFTER THE FIRST THIRTY (30) DAY PERIOD FOLLOWING THE START OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE A REFUND OF ANY PORTION OF THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE PAID FOR THE THEN CURRENT SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD AT THE TIME OF CANCELLATION. To cancel, you can either (i) email us at support@academia.edu and follow instructions, if any, we provide to you in response to your cancellation request, or (ii) initiate a cancellation through your account settings within the Services. You will be responsible for all Subscription fees incurred for the then current Subscription period. If you cancel, your cancellation will be effective immediately, but Academia.edu will allow you to access the Subscription features until the most recently paid-up Subscription period ends, and then we will terminate your access. Cancelling your Subscription won’t cancel your Account. See the Termination and Account Cancellation section below for information on canceling your Account.
Please be aware that any fee or subscription plan is exclusive of all taxes. If at any point any applicable sales use, VAT, GST, excise, withholding or similar taxes or levies, whether domestic or foreign, exist, the Member is liable for them.
If we believe, in our sole discretion, that any Member of Academia.edu or Academia Premium or other Academia.edu paid services is in breach of our Terms, or act outside of the letter or spirit of our Terms, we reserve the right to add limitations to your access to www.academia.edu, up to and including terminating all access to www.academia.edu. In this case, the Member in question is not eligible for any refunds on any portion of their subscription payment.


Ownership
The Site, Services and Collective Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You acknowledge and agree that the Site, Services and Collective Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are the exclusive property of Academia.edu and its licensors. You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Site, Services or Collective Content.


Licenses Granted by Academia.edu to Academia.edu Content and Member Content
Subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of these Terms, Academia.edu authorizes you to download, view and print any Academia.edu Content, solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes, and to access and use the Site and Services, including to download, view and print any Member Content solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes, and subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms. You have no right to sublicense the license rights granted in this section.
You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Site, Services or Collective Content, or any related information to which you may have access; except as expressly permitted in these Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Academia.edu or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms.


License granted by Member
We may, in our sole discretion, permit Members to post, upload, publish, submit or transmit Member Content. By making any Member Content available through the Site or Services, you hereby grant to Academia.edu a worldwide, revocable, non-exclusive, transferable license to exercise any and all rights under copyright, in any medium, and to authorize others to do the same, in connection with operating and providing the Services and Content to you and to other Members, provided that the Member Content is not sold for a profit. Academia.edu does not claim any ownership rights in any Member Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit any Member Content.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all Member Content that you make available through the Site or Services. Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available through the Site or Services or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Academia.edu the rights in such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms; and (ii) neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Academia.edu’s use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) on, through or by means of the Site or Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.


Content from Social Media and Networking Sites
As part of the functionality of the Site and Services, you may link your Account with online accounts you may have with third party service providers (each such account, a “Third Party Account”) by either: (i) providing your Third Party Account login information to Academia.edu through the Site or Services; or (ii) allowing Academia.edu to access your Third Party Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third Party Account. You represent that you are entitled to disclose your Third Party Account login information to Academia.edu and/or to grant Academia.edu access to your Third Party Account (including, but not limited to, for use for the purposes described herein), without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third Party Account and without obligating Academia.edu to pay any fees or making Academia.edu subject to any usage limitations imposed by such third party service providers.
By granting Academia.edu access to any Third Party Accounts, you understand that Academia.edu will access, make available and store (if applicable) any Content that you have provided to and stored in your Third Party Account (“Third Party Account Content”) so that it is available on and through the Site and Services via your Account. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all Third Party Account Content, if any, will be considered to be Member Content for all purposes of these Terms. Depending on the Third Party Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Third Party Accounts, personally identifiable information that you post to your Third Party Accounts will be available on and through your Account on the Site and Services. Please note that if a Third Party Account or associated service becomes unavailable or Academia.edu’s access to such Third Party Account is terminated by the third party service provider, then the Third Party Account Content that was available from such Third Party Account will no longer be available on and through the Site and Services. You have the ability to disable the connection between your Account and your Third Party Accounts, at any time, by accessing your Account Settings page. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WTH YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNTS IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. Academia.edu makes no effort to review any Third Party Account Content for any purpose, including but not limited to, for accuracy, legality or non-infringement and Academia.edu is not responsible for any Third Party Account Content.


Feedback
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Site or Services (“Feedback”). You may submit Feedback by emailing us at feedback@academia.eduor through the “Ideas” section of the Site. You acknowledge and agree that if you submit any Feedback to us, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.


General Prohibitions
You agree not to do any of the following:
•	Post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Content that: (i) infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (iii) is fraudulent, knowingly false, misleading or deceptive; (iv) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (v) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (vi) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances;
•	Disclose information that you do not have the right to disclose (such as confidential information of others (including your employer);
•	Use, display, mirror or frame the Site, or any individual element within the Site or Services, Academia.edu’s name, any Academia.edu trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without Academia.edu’s express written consent;
•	Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Site, Academia.edu’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Academia.edu’s providers;
•	Attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any Academia.edu system or network or breach any security or authentication measures;
•	Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Academia.edu or any of Academia.edu’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Site, Services or Collective Content;
•	Scrape or copy profiles and information of others through any means (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons, and any other technology or manual work);
•	Sell, sponsor, or otherwise monetize any feature of the Services, without Academia.edu's consent;
•	Attempt to access or search the Site, Services or Collective Content or download Collective Content from the Site or Services through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by Academia.edu or other generally available third party web browsers;
•	Use bots or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts or profile information;
•	Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation;
•	Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a Academia.edu trademark, logo URL or product name without Academia.edu’s express written consent;
•	Use the Site, Services or Collective Content for any commercial purpose or the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms;
•	Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Site, Services or Collective Content to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information;
•	Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Site, Services or Collective Content;
•	Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Site or Services;
•	Collect or store any personally identifiable information from the Site or Services from other users of the Site or Services without their express permission;
•	Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
•	Violate any applicable law or regulation; or
•	Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.


Academia.edu will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above to the fullest extent of the law. Academia.edu may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate these Terms. You acknowledge that Academia.edu has no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the Site, Services or Collective Content or to review or edit any Collective Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Site and Services, to ensure your compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body. Academia.edu reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any Collective Content, including, but not limited to, Collective Content that Academia.edu, at its sole discretion, considers to be in violation of these Terms or otherwise harmful to the Site or Services.


Copyright Policy
Academia.edu respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same. It is Academia.edu’s policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, Members or other account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders. Please see Academia.edu’s Copyright Policy at academia.edu/copyright, for further information.


Links
The Site or Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Academia.edu is not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by Academia.edu of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources or the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources.


Termination and Account Cancellation
Academia.edu reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to discontinue or terminate the Site and Services and to terminate these Terms, at any time and without prior notice. If you breach any of these Terms, Academia.edu will have the right to suspend or disable your Account or terminate these Terms, at its sole discretion and without prior notice to you. Academia.edu reserves the right to revoke your access to and use of the Site, Services and Collective Content at any time, with or without cause. You may cancel your Account at any time by visiting your Account Settings page and clicking on “Remove” or by sending an email to feedback@academia.edu.


Disclaimers
THE SITE, SERVICES AND COLLECTIVE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ACADEMIA.EDU EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. ACADEMIA.EDU MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS. ACADEMIA.EDU MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR SERVICES OR THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR SERVICES.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM ACADEMIA.EDU OR THROUGH THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF YOUR COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SITE AND SERVICES AND WITH OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ACADEMIA.EDU DOES NOT SCREEN OR INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ANY USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES, NOR DOES ACADEMIA.EDU MAKE ANY ATTEMPT TO VERIFY THE STATEMENTS OF USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES. ACADEMIA.EDU MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES OR THEIR COMPATIBILITY WITH ANY CURRENT OR FUTURE USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES. YOU AGREE TO TAKE REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS IN ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SITE AND SERVICES AND WITH OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES, PARTICULARLY IF YOU DECIDE TO MEET OFFLINE OR IN PERSON.


Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Academia.edu, its officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Site, Services or Collective Content, or your violation of these Terms.


Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES AND COLLECTIVE CONTENT REMAINS WITH YOU. NEITHER ACADEMIA.EDU NOR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL OR BODILY INJURY OR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT, OR FROM ANY COMMUNICATIONS, INTERACTIONS OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES OR OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT ACADEMIA.EDU HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT WILL ACADEMIA.EDU’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF FIFTY DOLLARS ($50) AND SUBSCRIPTION FEES PAID BY YOU DURING THE 12 MONTH PERIOD BEFORE THE ACT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN ACADEMIA.EDU AND YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


Proprietary Rights Notices
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of Academia.edu used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Academia.edu. Any other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective parties.


Controlling Law
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.


Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Academia.edu and you regarding the Site, Services and Collective Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Academia.edu and you regarding the Site, Services and Collective Content.


Assignment
You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Academia.edu’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null and of no effect. Academia.edu may assign or transfer these Terms, at its sole discretion, without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.


Notices
Any notices or other communications permitted or required hereunder, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be in writing and given by Academia.edu (i) via email (in each case to the address that you provide); or (ii) by posting to the Site. For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.


Dispute Resolution
You and Academia.edu agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Site or Services (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right: (i) to bring an individual action in small claims court and (ii) to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights (the action described in the foregoing clause (ii), an “IP Protection Action”). (The actions described in clauses (i) and (ii) are the “Litigable Actions.”). Without limiting the preceding sentence, you will also have the right to litigate any Dispute other than a Litigable Action, if you provide Academia.edu with written notice of your desire to do so by email or regular mail at 251 Kearny St, 5th Floor, San Francisco CA 94108 within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to these Terms (such notice, an “Arbitration Opt-out Notice”). If you don’t provide Academia.edu with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice within the thirty (30) day period, you will be deemed to have knowingly and intentionally waived your right to litigate any Dispute except for Litigable Actions. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any IP Protection Action or, if you timely provide Academia.edu with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice, any Dispute other than an individual action brought in small claims court, will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Unless you timely provide CIR with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice, you acknowledge and agree that you and Academia.edu are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and Academia.edu otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “Dispute Resolution” section will be deemed void. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this “Dispute Resolution” section will survive any termination of these Terms.
Arbitration Rules and Governing Law. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified by this “Dispute Resolution” section. (The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org/arb_med or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.) The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.
Arbitration Process. A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules. (The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at http://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_004175 and a separate form for California residents at http://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_015822.) The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.
Arbitration Location and Procedure. Unless you and Academia.edu otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. If your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the documents that you and Academia.edu submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration.
Arbitrator’s Decision. The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator’s award damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and the amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. Academia.edu will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.
Fees. Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules. However, if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, Academia.edu will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
Changes. Notwithstanding the provisions of the “Modification” section above, if Academia.edu changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to feedback@academia.edu) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated Date” above or in the date of Academia.edu’s email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Academia.edu in accordance with the provisions of this “Dispute Resolution” section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).


General
The failure of Academia.edu to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Academia.edu. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.


Contacting Academia.edu
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact Academia.edu at feedback@academia.edu.


Updated Terms of Service
We’ve recently updated our: (1) Terms of Service, (2) Payments Terms of Service, and (3) Privacy Policy (collectively, “Terms”). If you signed up for an account prior to June 19, 2017, we’ll ask you to agree to the new Terms when you use Airbnb on or after September 01, 2017; until September 01, 2017 the prior Terms of Service, Payments Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy will apply to you. Please read these Terms carefully. If you signed up for an account on or after June 19, 2017, the updated Terms apply to you. Learn more about what’s changing.

Terms of Service
Please read these Terms of Service carefully as they contain important information about your legal rights, remedies and obligations. By accessing or using the Airbnb Platform, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms of Service.

Please note: Section 19 of these Terms of Service contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver that applies to all Airbnb Members. If you reside in the United States, this provision applies to all disputes with Airbnb. If you reside outside of the United States, this provision applies to any action you bring against Airbnb in the United States. It affects how disputes with Airbnb are resolved. By accepting these Terms of Service, you agree to be bound by this arbitration clause and class action waiver. Please read it carefully.

Last Updated: June 19, 2017

Thank you for using Airbnb!

These Terms of Service ("Terms") constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between you and Airbnb (as defined below) governing your access to and use of the Airbnb website, including any subdomains thereof, and any other websites through which Airbnb makes the Airbnb Services available (collectively, "Site"), our mobile, tablet and other smart device applications, and application program interfaces (collectively, "Application") and all associated services (collectively, "Airbnb Services"). The Site, Application and Airbnb Services together are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Airbnb Platform”. Our Host Guarantee Terms, Guest Refund Policy, Nondiscrimination Policy and other Policies applicable to your use of the Airbnb Platform are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

When these Terms mention “Airbnb,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the Airbnb company you are contracting with.

If you reside in the United States, you are contracting with Airbnb, Inc., 888 Brannan Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.
If you reside outside of the United States and the People’s Republic of China (which for purposes of these Terms does not include Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (hereinafter “China”), you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland UC (“Airbnb Ireland”), The Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland.
If you reside in China, you are contracting with Airbnb Internet (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (“Airbnb China”) except where you book a Host Service (as defined below) or when you create a Listing located outside of China, in which case you are contracting with Airbnb Ireland for that transaction. Additionally, if your contracting entity is Airbnb China, you will nevertheless contract with Airbnb Ireland for all bookings confirmed prior to December 7, 2016 at 10:00am UTC.
If you change your place of residence, the Airbnb company you contract with will be determined by your new place of residence as specified above, from the date on which your place of residence changes.

Our collection and use of personal information in connection with your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform is described in our Privacy Policy.

Any and all payment processing services through or in connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform ("Payment Services") are provided to you by one or more Airbnb Payments entities (individually and collectively, as appropriate, "Airbnb Payments") as set out in the Payments Terms of Service ("Payments Terms").

Hosts alone are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to their Listings and Host Services. For example, some cities have laws that restrict their ability to host paying guests for short periods or provide certain Host Services. In many cities, Hosts may have to register, get a permit or obtain a license before preparing food or serving alcohol for sale. Some cities may require a license to guide tours or to sail. Host are alone responsible for identifying and obtaining any required licenses, permits, or registrations for any Host Services they offer. Certain types of Host Services may be prohibited altogether. Penalties may include fines or other enforcement. We provide some information in our Help Center to help you identify some of the obligations that apply to you. If you have questions about how local laws apply to your Listing(s) and Host Service(s) on Airbnb, you should always seek legal guidance.

Table of Contents

Scope of Airbnb Services
Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification
Modification of these Terms
Account Registration
Content
Service Fees
Terms specific for Hosts
Terms specific for Guests
Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center
Ratings and Reviews
Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members
Rounding off, Currency conversion
Taxes
Prohibited Activities
Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures
Disclaimers
Liability
Indemnification
Dispute Resolution
Feedback
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
General Provisions
1. Scope of Airbnb Services

1.1 The Airbnb Platform is an online marketplace that enables registered users (“Members”) and certain third parties who offer services (Members and third parties who offer services are “Hosts” and the services they offer are “Host Services”) to publish such Host Services on the Airbnb Platform (“Listings”) and to communicate and transact directly with Members that are seeking to book such Host Services (Members using Host Services are “Guests”). Host Services may include the offering of vacation or other properties for use ("Accommodations"), single or multi-day activities in various categories (“Experiences”), access to unique events and locations (“Events”), and a variety of other travel and non-travel related services.

1.2 As the provider of the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb does not own, create, sell, resell, provide, control, manage, offer, deliver, or supply any Listings or Host Services. Hosts alone are responsible for their Listings and Host Services. When Members make or accept a booking, they are entering into a contract directly with each other. Airbnb is not and does not become a party to or other participant in any contractual relationship between Members, nor is Airbnb a real estate broker or insurer. Airbnb is not acting as an agent in any capacity for any Member, except as specified in the Payments Terms.

1.3 While we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes, Airbnb has no control over and does not guarantee (i) the existence, quality, safety, suitability, or legality of any Listings or Host Services, (ii) the truth or accuracy of any Listing descriptions, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content (as defined below), or (iii) the performance or conduct of any Member or third party. Airbnb does not endorse any Member, Listing or Host Services. Any references to a Member being "verified" (or similar language) only indicate that the Member has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else. Any such description is not an endorsement, certification or guarantee by Airbnb about any Member, including of the Member's identity or background or whether the Member is trustworthy, safe or suitable. You should always exercise due diligence and care when deciding whether to stay in an Accommodation, participate in an Experience or Event or use other Host Services, accept a booking request from a Guest, or communicate and interact with other Members, whether online or in person. Verified Images (as defined below) are intended only to indicate a photographic representation of a Listing at the time the photograph was taken, and are therefore not an endorsement by Airbnb of any Host or Listing.

1.4 If you choose to use the Airbnb Platform as a Host or Co-Host (as defined below), your relationship with Airbnb is limited to being an independent, third-party contractor, and not an employee, agent, joint venturer or partner of Airbnb for any reason, and you act exclusively on your own behalf and for your own benefit, and not on behalf, or for the benefit, of Airbnb.

1.5 To promote the Airbnb Platform and to increase the exposure of Listings to potential Guests, Listings and other Member Content may be displayed on other websites, in applications, within emails, and in online and offline advertisements. To assist Members who speak different languages, Listings and other Member Content may be translated, in whole or in part, into other languages. Airbnb cannot guarantee the accuracy or quality of such translations and Members are responsible for reviewing and verifying the accuracy of such translations. The Airbnb Platform may contain translations powered by Google. Google disclaims all warranties related to the translations, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, reliability, and any implied warranties for merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.

1.6 The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third-party websites or resources (“Third-Party Services”). Such Third-Party Services may be subject to different terms and conditions and privacy practices. Airbnb is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such Third-Party Services, or the content, products, or services available from such Third-Party Services. Links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement by Airbnb of such Third-Party Services.

1.7 Due to the nature of the Internet, Airbnb cannot guarantee the continuous and uninterrupted availability and accessibility of the Airbnb Platform. Airbnb may restrict the availability of the Airbnb Platform or certain areas or features thereof, if this is necessary in view of capacity limits, the security or integrity of our servers, or to carry out maintenance measures that ensure the proper or improved functioning of the Airbnb Platform. Airbnb may improve, enhance and modify the Airbnb Platform and introduce new Airbnb Services from time to time.

2. Eligibility, Using the Airbnb Platform, Member Verification

2.1 You must be at least 18 years old and able to enter into legally binding contracts to access and use the Airbnb Platform or register an Airbnb Account. By accessing or using the Airbnb Platform you represent and warrant that you are 18 or older and have the legal capacity and authority to enter into a contract.

2.2 You will comply with any applicable export control laws in your local jurisdiction. You also represent and warrant that (i) neither you nor your Host Service(s) are located or take place in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

2.3 Airbnb may make the access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, or certain areas or features of the Airbnb Platform, subject to certain conditions or requirements, such as completing a verification process, meeting specific quality or eligibility criteria, meeting Ratings or Reviews thresholds, or booking and cancellation history.

2.4 User verification on the Internet is difficult and we do not assume any responsibility for the confirmation of any Member’s identity. Notwithstanding the above, for transparency and fraud prevention purposes, and as permitted by applicable laws, we may, but have no obligation to (i) ask Members to provide a form of government identification or other information or undertake additional checks designed to help verify the identities or backgrounds of Members, (ii) screen Members against third party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers, and (iii) where we have sufficient information to identify a Member, obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or an equivalent version of background or registered sex offender checks in your local jurisdiction (if available).

2.5 The access to or use of certain areas and features of the Airbnb Platform may be subject to separate policies, standards or guidelines, or may require that you accept additional terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions applicable to a specific area or feature of the Airbnb Platform, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your access to or use of that area or feature, unless specified otherwise.

2.6 If you access or download the Application from the Apple App Store, you agree to Apple’s Licensed Application End User License Agreement. Some areas of the Airbnb Platform implement Google Maps/Earth mapping services, including Google Maps API(s). Your use of Google Maps/Earth is subject to the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service.

3. Modification of these Terms

Airbnb reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time in accordance with this provision. If we make changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms. We will also provide you with notice of the modifications by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective. If you disagree with the revised Terms, you may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect. We will inform you about your right to terminate the Agreement in the notification email. If you do not terminate your Agreement before the date the revised Terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms.

4. Account Registration

4.1 You must register an account ("Airbnb Account") to access and use certain features of the Airbnb Platform, such as publishing or booking a Listing. If you are registering an Airbnb Account for a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to legally bind that entity and grant us all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms.

4.2 You can register an Airbnb Account using an email address and creating a password, or through your account with certain third-party social networking services, such as Facebook or Google ("SNS Account"). You have the ability to disable the connection between your Airbnb Account and your SNS Account at any time, by accessing the "Settings" section of the Airbnb Platform.

4.3 You must provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and keep your Airbnb Account and public Airbnb Account profile page information up-to-date at all times.

4.4 You may not register more than one (1) Airbnb Account unless Airbnb authorizes you to do so. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Airbnb Account to another party.

4.5 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Airbnb Account credentials and may not disclose your credentials to any third party. You must immediately notify Airbnb if you know or have any reason to suspect that your credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Airbnb Account. You are liable for any and all activities conducted through your Airbnb Account, unless such activities are not authorized by you and you are not otherwise negligent (such as failing to report the unauthorized use or loss of your credentials).

4.6 Airbnb may enable features that allow you to authorize other Members or certain third parties to take certain actions that affect your Airbnb Account. For example, we may allow Members associated with an Enterprise (as defined in our Privacy Policy) to book for other Members, or we may allow Hosts to add other Members as Co-Hosts (as defined below) to help manage their Listings. These features do not require that you share your credentials with any other person. No third party is authorized by Airbnb to ask for your credentials, and you shall not request the credentials of another Member.

5. Content

5.1 Airbnb may, at its sole discretion, enable Members to (i) create, upload, post, send, receive and store content, such as text, photos, audio, video, or other materials and information on or through the Airbnb Platform ("Member Content"); and (ii) access and view Member Content and any content that Airbnb itself makes available on or through the Airbnb Platform, including proprietary Airbnb content and any content licensed or authorized for use by or through Airbnb from a third party ("Airbnb Content" and together with Member Content, "Collective Content").

5.2 The Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and Member Content may in its entirety or in part be protected by copyright, trademark, and/or other laws of the United States and other countries. You acknowledge and agree that the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are the exclusive property of Airbnb and/or its licensors or authorizing third-parties. You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content or Member Content. All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other source identifiers of Airbnb used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform and Airbnb Content are trademarks or registered trademarks of Airbnb in the United States and abroad. Trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of third parties used on or in connection with the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb Content, and/or Collective Content are used for identification purposes only and may be the property of their respective owners.

5.3 You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, except to the extent you are the legal owner of certain Member Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Airbnb or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms.

5.4 Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Airbnb grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to (i) download and use the Application on your personal device(s); and (ii) access and view any Collective Content made available on or through the Airbnb Platform and accessible to you, solely for your personal and non-commercial use.

5.5 By creating, uploading, posting, sending, receiving, storing, or otherwise making available any Member Content on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual (or for the term of the protection), sub-licensable and transferable license to such Member Content to access, use, store, copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish, transmit, stream, broadcast, and otherwise exploit in any manner such Member Content to provide and/or promote the Airbnb Platform, in any media or platform. Unless you provide specific consent, Airbnb does not claim any ownership rights in any Member Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use or exploit your Member Content.

5.6 Airbnb may offer Hosts the option of having professional photographers take photographs of their Host Services, which are made available by the photographer to Hosts to include in their Listings with or without a watermark or tag bearing the words "Airbnb.com Verified Photo" or similar wording ("Verified Images"). You are responsible for ensuring that your Host Service is accurately represented in the Verified Images and you will stop using the Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform if they no longer accurately represent your Listing, if you stop hosting the Host Service featured, or if your Airbnb Account is terminated or suspended for any reason. You acknowledge and agree that Airbnb shall have the right to use any Verified Images in advertising, marketing and/or any other business purposes in any media or platform, whether in relation to your Listing or otherwise, without further notice or compensation to you. Where Airbnb is not the exclusive owner of Verified Images, by using such Verified Images on or through the Airbnb Platform, you grant to Airbnb an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual (or for the term of the protection), sub-licensable and transferable license to use such Verified Images for advertising, marketing and/or any other business purposes in any media or platform, whether in relation to your Listing or otherwise, without further notice or compensation to you. Airbnb in turn grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to use Verified Images outside of the Airbnb Platform solely for your personal and non-commercial use.

5.7 You are solely responsible for all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform. Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available on or through the Airbnb Platform or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Airbnb the rights in and to such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms; and (ii) neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Airbnb's use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.

5.8 You will not post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Member Content that: (i) is fraudulent, false, misleading (directly or by omission or failure to update information) or deceptive; (ii) is defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (iv) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any other person; (v) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances; or (vi) violates Airbnb’s Content Policy or any other Airbnb policy. Airbnb may, without prior notice, remove or disable access to any Member Content that Airbnb finds to be in violation of these Terms or Airbnb’s then-current Policies or Standards, or otherwise may be harmful or objectionable to Airbnb, its Members, third parties, or property.

5.9 Airbnb respects copyright law and expects its Members to do the same. If you believe that any content on the Airbnb Platform infringes copyrights you own, please notify us in accordance with our Copyright Policy.

6. Service Fees

6.1 Airbnb may charge fees to Hosts ("Host Fees") and/or Guests ("Guest Fees") (collectively, "Service Fees") in consideration for the use of the Airbnb Platform. More information about when Service Fees apply and how they are calculated can be found on our Service Fees page.

6.2 Any applicable Service Fees (including any applicable Taxes) will be displayed to a Host or Guest prior to publishing or booking a Listing. Airbnb reserves the right to change the Service Fees at any time, and we will provide Members adequate notice of any fee changes before they become effective.

6.3 You are responsible for paying any Service Fees that you owe to Airbnb. The applicable Service Fees are due and payable and collected by Airbnb Payments pursuant to the Payments Terms. Except as otherwise provided on the Airbnb Platform, Service Fees are non-refundable.

7. Terms specific for Hosts

7.1 Terms applicable to all Listings

7.1.1 When creating a Listing through the Airbnb Platform you must (i) provide complete and accurate information about your Host Service (such as listing description, location, and calendar availability), (ii) disclose any deficiencies, restrictions (such as house rules) and requirements that apply (such as any minimum age, proficiency or fitness requirements for an Experience) and (iii) provide any other pertinent information requested by Airbnb. You are responsible for keeping your Listing information (including calendar availability) up-to-date at all times.

7.1.2 You are solely responsible for setting a price (including any Taxes if applicable) for your Listing (“Listing Fee”). Once a Guest requests a booking of your Listing, you may not request that the Guest pays a higher price than in the booking request.

7.1.3 Any terms and conditions included in your Listing, in particular in relation to cancellations, must not conflict with these Terms or the cancellation policy you have selected for your Listing.

7.1.4 Pictures, animations or videos (collectively, "Images") used in your Listings must accurately reflect the quality and condition of your Host Services. Airbnb reserves the right to require that Listings have a minimum number of Images of a certain format, size and resolution.

7.1.5 The placement and ranking of Listings in search results on the Airbnb Platform may vary and depend on a variety of factors, such as Guest search parameters and preferences, Host requirements, price and calendar availability, number and quality of Images, customer service and cancellation history, Reviews and Ratings, type of Host Service, and/or ease of booking.

7.1.6 When you accept or have pre-approved a booking request by a Guest, you are entering into a legally binding agreement with the Guest and are required to provide your Host Service(s) to the Guest as described in your Listing when the booking request is made. You also agree to pay the applicable Host Fee and any applicable Taxes, which will be collected pursuant to the Payments Terms.

7.1.7 Airbnb recommends that Hosts obtain appropriate insurance for their Host Services. Please review any respective insurance policy carefully, and in particular make sure that you are familiar with and understand any exclusions to, and any deductibles that may apply for, such insurance policy, including, but not limited to, whether or not your insurance policy will cover the actions or inactions of Guests (and the individuals the Guest has booked for, if applicable) while staying at your Accommodation or participating in your Experience, Event or other Host Service.

7.2 Listing Accommodations

7.2.1 You may only list one Accommodation per Listing.

7.2.2 If you choose to require a security deposit for your Accommodation, you must specify this in your Listing ("Security Deposit"). Hosts are not allowed to ask for a Security Deposit after a booking has been confirmed or outside of the Airbnb Platform. Airbnb will use commercially reasonable efforts to address Hosts’ requests and claims related to Security Deposits, but Airbnb is not responsible for administering or accepting any claims by Hosts related to Security Deposits.

7.2.3 You represent and warrant that any Listing you post and the booking of, or a Guest's stay at, an Accommodation will (i) not breach any agreements you have entered into with any third parties, such as homeowners association, condominium, or other agreements, and (ii) comply with all applicable laws (such as zoning laws), Tax requirements, and other rules and regulations (including having all required permits, licenses and registrations). As a Host, you are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals who reside at or are otherwise present at the Accommodation at your request or invitation, excluding the Guest (and the individuals the Guest invites to the Accommodation, if applicable).

7.3 Listing Experiences, Events and other Host Services

7.3.1 To list an Experience, Event or other Host Service, you must create a Listing and submit the Experience, Event or Host Service to Airbnb. To be considered for publishing on the Airbnb Platform, Experiences, Events or other Host Services must at all times meet the quality standards for Experiences and meet Guest demand. Airbnb reserves the right to decide, in its sole discretion, if a submitted Experience, Event or other Host Service will be published on the Airbnb Platform.

7.3.2 When listing an Experience, Event or other Host Service you must, where applicable, fully educate and inform Guests about (i) any risks inherent to the Experience, Event or other Host Service, (ii) any requirements for participation, such as the minimum age, related skills, level of fitness or other requirements, and (iii) anything else they may need to know to safely participate in the Experience, Event or other Host Service (including dress codes, equipment, special certifications or licenses, etc.).

7.3.3 If you wish to list an Experience on behalf of a Nonprofit (“Social Impact Experience”), you must comply with the eligibility requirements for hosting a Social Impact Experience. When listing a Social Impact Experience you (i) represent and warrant that you are duly authorized to act on behalf of your Nonprofit and (ii) acknowledge and agree that all payouts will be directed to an account owned by your Nonprofit. You and your Nonprofit acknowledge that listing a Social Impact Experience does not create a commercial fundraising or co-venturer, or charitable trust relationship with Airbnb and Airbnb is not a professional fundraiser or commercial participator. Nonprofits, and not Airbnb, are responsible for determining what, if any, portion of their Listing Fee is a charitable contribution and for providing Guests charitable tax receipts for any applicable charitable contributions. You and your Nonprofit are solely responsible for complying with all laws that apply to your organization and your Social Impact Experience.

7.3.4 You represent and warrant that you (i) understand and comply with all laws, rules and regulations that may apply to your Experience, Event or other Host Service(s), and (ii) will obtain any required licenses, permits, or registrations prior to providing your Experience, Event or other Host Service(s). You can find additional information about some of the legal obligations that may apply to you on our Responsible Hosting pages.

7.3.5 You must provide an Experience, Event or other Host Service in person and may not allow any third party to provide the Experience, Event or other Host Service on your behalf, unless authorized by Airbnb.

7.4 Co-Hosts

7.4.1 Airbnb may enable Hosts to authorize other Members (“Co-Hosts”) to administer the Host’s Listing(s), and to bind the Host and take certain actions in relation to the Listing(s) as permitted by the Host, such as accepting booking requests, messaging and welcoming Guests, and updating the Listing Fee and calendar availability (collectively, “Co-Host Services”). Any agreement formed between Host and Co-Host may not conflict with these Terms and the Payments Terms. Co-Hosts may only act in an individual capacity and not on behalf of a company or other organization, unless expressly authorized by Airbnb. Airbnb reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the number of Co-Hosts a Host may invite for each Listing and to limit the number of Listings a Co-Host may manage.

7.4.2 Hosts and Co-Hosts may agree on a fee (“Co-Host Services Fee”) in consideration for the Co-Host Services provided by the Co-Host. When such an agreement is made, the Host agrees to pay the Co-Host Services Fee for any confirmed booking of their Listing, which will be deducted directly from the Listing Fee after deduction of any applicable Host Fee. In addition, Hosts may instruct a Co-Host to provide certain one-time services in relation to their Listing. Hosts can pay Co-Hosts for one-time services and any other expenses using the Resolution Center. Airbnb Payments will process Co-Host Services Fees and Resolution Center payments pursuant to the Payments Terms.

7.4.3 Hosts and Co-Hosts agree that each activity, booking, or other transaction reported on the Airbnb Platform, including any Co-Host Services provided by the Co-Host and any amounts due from a Host to the Co-Host for the provision of such services, will be deemed accurate, correct and binding, unless challenged, by notifying the other person and Airbnb (by emailing host-exp@airbnb.com), within 21 days of posting of the disputed activity, booking or other transaction on the Airbnb Platform.

7.4.4 Hosts should exercise due diligence and care when deciding who to add as a Co-Host to their Listing(s). Hosts remain solely responsible and liable for any and all Listings and Member Content published on the Airbnb Platform, including any Listing created by a Co-Host on their behalf. Further, Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Co-Host(s). Co-Hosts remain responsible and liable for their own acts and omissions when engaging in their roles and responsibilities as a Co-Host, including, but not limited to, conduct that causes harm or damage to the Host. In addition, both Host and Co-Host are jointly responsible and severally liable for third party claims, including Guest claims, arising from the acts and omissions of the other person as related to hosting activities, communications with Guests, and the provision of any Co-Host Services.

7.4.5 Unless agreed otherwise by Host and Co-Host, Host and Co-Host may terminate the Co-Host agreement at any time. In addition, both Host and Co-Host acknowledge that their Co-hosting relationship will terminate in the event that Airbnb (i) terminates the Co-Host service or (ii) terminates either party’s participation in the Co-Host service. When the Co-Host agreement is terminated, the Host will remain responsible for all of the Co-Host’s actions prior to the termination, including the responsibility to fulfill any pending or future bookings initiated prior to the termination. When a Member is removed as a Co-Host, that Member will no longer have access to any Host or Guest information related to the applicable Host’s Listing(s). In addition, Host agrees to pay Co-Host for all Co-Host Services completed prior to Co-Host’s termination within 14 days of Co-Host’s termination via the Resolution Center. A Co-Host will not be entitled to any fees for any Co-Host Services that have not been completed prior to the Co-Host’s termination.

7.4.6 As a Co-Host, you will not be reviewed by Guests, meaning that your Co-Host activities will not affect your Reviews or Ratings for other Listings for which you are a Host. Instead, the Host of such Listing(s) will be reviewed by Guests (including potentially on the basis of the Co-Host’s conduct and performance). Hosts acknowledge that Reviews and Ratings from Guests for their Listing(s) may be impacted by a Co-Host’s conduct and performance.

8. Terms specific for Guests

8.1 Terms applicable to all bookings

8.1.1 Subject to meeting any requirements (such as completing any verification processes) set by the Host, you can book a Listing available on the Airbnb Platform by following the respective booking process. All applicable fees, including the Listing Fee, Security Deposit (if applicable), Guest Fee and any applicable Taxes (collectively, “Total Fees”) will be presented to you prior to booking a Listing. You agree to pay the Total Fees for any booking requested in connection with your Airbnb Account.

8.1.2 Upon receipt of a booking confirmation from Airbnb, a legally binding agreement is formed between you and your Host, subject to any additional terms and conditions of the Host that apply, including in particular the applicable cancellation policy and any rules and restrictions specified in the Listing. Airbnb Payments will collect the Total Fees at the time of the booking request or upon the Host’s confirmation pursuant to the Payments Terms.

8.1.3 If you book a Host Service on behalf of additional guests, you are required to ensure that every additional guest meets any requirements set by the Host, and is made aware of and agrees to these Terms and any terms and conditions, rules and restrictions set by the Host. If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor, you represent and warrant that you are legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor. Minors may only participate in an Experience, Event or other Host Service if accompanied by an adult who is responsible for them.

8.2 Booking Accommodations

8.2.1 You understand that a confirmed booking of an Accommodation (“Accommodation Booking”) is a limited license granted to you by the Host to enter, occupy and use the Accommodation for the duration of your stay, during which time the Host (only where and to the extent permitted by applicable law) retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation, in accordance with your agreement with the Host.

8.2.2 You agree to leave the Accommodation no later than the checkout time that the Host specifies in the Listing or such other time as mutually agreed upon between you and the Host. If you stay past the agreed upon checkout time without the Host's consent (“Overstay”), you no longer have a license to stay in the Accommodation and the Host is entitled to make you leave in a manner consistent with applicable law. In addition, you agree to pay, if requested by the Host, for each twenty-four (24) hour period (or any portion thereof) that you Overstay, an additional nightly fee of up to two (2) times the average nightly Listing Fee originally paid by you to cover the inconvenience suffered by the Host, plus all applicable Guest Fees, Taxes, and any legal expenses incurred by the Host to make you leave (collectively, "Overstay Fees"). Overstay Fees for late checkouts on the checkout date that do not impact upcoming bookings may be limited to the additional costs incurred by the Host as a result of such Overstay. Airbnb Payments will collect Overstay Fees from you pursuant to the Payments Terms. A Security Deposit, if required by a Host, may be applied to any Overstay Fees due for a Guest’s Overstay.

8.3 Booking Experiences, Events and other Host Services

8.3.1 You should carefully review the description of any Experience, Event or other Host Service you intend to book to ensure you (and any additional guests you are booking for) meet any minimum age, proficiency, fitness or other requirements which the Host has specified in their Listing. You are required to inform the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your and any additional guest’s ability to safely participate in any Experience, Event or other Host Service. In addition, certain laws, like the minimum legal drinking age in the location of the Experience, Event or other Host Service, may also apply. You are responsible for identifying, understanding, and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to your participation in an Experience, Event or other Host Service.

8.3.2 Before and during an Experience, Event or other Host Service you must at all times adhere to the Hosts’ instructions.

8.3.3 You may not bring any additional individuals to an Experience, Event or other Host Service unless such an individual was added by you as an additional guest during the booking process on the Airbnb Platform.

9. Booking Modifications, Cancellations and Refunds, Resolution Center

9.1 Hosts and Guests are responsible for any modifications to a booking that they make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional Listing Fees, Host Fees or Guest Fees and/or Taxes associated with such Booking Modifications.

9.2 Guests can cancel a confirmed booking at any time subject to the Listing’s cancellation policy, and Airbnb Payments will provide any refund to the Guest in accordance with such cancellation policy. Unless extenuating circumstances exist, any amounts due to the Host under the applicable cancellation policy will be remitted to the Host by Airbnb Payments pursuant to the Payments Terms.

9.3 If a Host cancels a confirmed booking, the Guest will receive a full refund of the Total Fees for such booking and Airbnb may publish an automated review on the Listing cancelled by the Host indicating that a booking was cancelled. In addition, Airbnb may (i) keep the calendar for the Listing unavailable or blocked for the dates of the cancelled booking, and/or (ii) impose a cancellation fee, unless the Host has a valid reason for cancelling the booking pursuant to Airbnb’s Extenuating Circumstances Policy or has legitimate concerns about the Guest’s behavior.

9.4 For Experiences, Events and other Host Services, if inclement weather creates an unsafe or uncomfortable scenario for Guests, Hosts may modify or cancel a Host Service. If there is a substantial change in the itinerary or the Host Service needs to be cancelled, Airbnb will work with the Host to provide Guests an alternative date for the Host Service, an appropriate refund or a rebooking.

9.5 In certain circumstances, Airbnb may decide, in its sole discretion, that it is necessary to cancel a confirmed booking and make appropriate refund and payout decisions. This may be for reasons set forth in Airbnb's Extenuating Circumstances Policy or (i) where Airbnb believes in good faith, while taking the legitimate interests of both parties into account, this is necessary to avoid significant harm to Airbnb, other Members, third parties or property, or (ii) for any of the reasons set out in these Terms.

9.6 If a Guest suffers a Travel Issue pursuant to the Guest Refund Policy, Airbnb may determine, in its sole discretion, to refund the Guest part or all of the Total Fees in accordance with the Guest Refund Policy.

9.7 Members may use the Resolution Center to send or request money for refunds, additional Host Services, Co-Host Services or Damage Claims related to bookings. You agree to pay all amounts sent through the Resolution Center in connection with your Airbnb Account, and Airbnb Payments will handle all such payments pursuant to the Payments Terms.

10. Ratings and Reviews

10.1 Within a certain timeframe after completing a booking, Guests and Hosts can leave a public review (“Review”) and submit a star rating (“Rating”) about each other. Any Ratings or Reviews reflect the opinion of individual Members and do not reflect the opinion of Airbnb. Ratings and Reviews are not verified by Airbnb for accuracy and may be incorrect or misleading.

10.2 Ratings and Reviews by Guests and Hosts must be fair, truthful and factual and may not contain any offensive or defamatory language. Ratings and Reviews must comply with Airbnb’s Content Policy and Extortion Policy.

10.3 Members are prohibited from manipulating the Ratings and Reviews system in any manner, such as instructing a third party write a positive or negative Review about another Member.

11. Damage to Accommodations, Disputes between Members

11.1 As a Guest, you are responsible for leaving the Accommodation (including any personal or other property located at the Accommodation) in the condition it was in when you arrived. You are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals whom you invite to, or otherwise provide access to, the Accommodation, excluding the Host (and the individuals the Host invites to the Accommodation, if applicable).

11.2 If a Host claims and provides evidence that you as a Guest have damaged an Accommodation or any personal or other property at an Accommodation ("Damage Claim"), the Host can seek payment from you through the Resolution Center. If a Host escalates a Damage Claim to Airbnb, you will be given an opportunity to respond. If you agree to pay the Host, or Airbnb determines in its sole discretion that you are responsible for the Damage Claim, Airbnb Payments will collect any such sums from you and/or against the Security Deposit (if applicable) required to cover the Damage Claim pursuant to the Payments Terms. Airbnb also reserves the right to otherwise collect payment from you and pursue any remedies available to Airbnb in this regard in situations in which you are responsible for a Damage Claim, including, but not limited to, in relation to any payment requests made by Hosts under the Airbnb Host Guarantee.

11.3 Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb, in connection with any Damage Claims or other complaints or claims made by Members relating to Accommodations or any personal or other property located at an Accommodation (including, without limitation, payment requests made under the Airbnb Host Guarantee), Experiences, or Co-Host agreements. A Member shall, upon Airbnb's reasonable request and at no cost to the Member, participate in mediation or a similar resolution process with another Member, which process will be conducted by Airbnb or a third party selected by Airbnb or its insurer, with respect to losses for which a Member is requesting payment from Airbnb (including but not limited to payments under the Airbnb Host Guarantee).

11.4 If you are a Guest or a Co-Host, you understand and agree that Airbnb may make a claim under your homeowner's, renter's or other insurance policy related to any damage or loss that you may have caused, or been responsible for, to an Accommodation or any personal or other property located at an Accommodation (including without limitation amounts paid by Airbnb under the Airbnb Host Guarantee). You agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb, to make a claim under your homeowner's, renter's or other insurance policy, including, but not limited to, executing documents and taking such further acts as Airbnb may reasonably request to assist Airbnb in accomplishing the foregoing.

12. Rounding off, Currency conversion

12.1 Airbnb may, in its sole discretion, round up or round down amounts that are payable from or to Guests or Hosts to the nearest whole functional base unit in which the currency is denominated (i.e. to the nearest dollar, euro or other supported currency); for example, Airbnb will round up an amount of $101.50 to $102.00, and round down an amount of $101.49 to $101.00. For currencies that are denominated in large numbers, Airbnb may determine the functional base unit in which those currencies are denominated to be 10, 100 or 1,000 of the currency; for example, Airbnb may round up an amount of 1,045 up to 1,050 and 1,044 down to 1,040, or 837,500 up to 838,000 and 837,499 down to 837,000.

12.2 The Airbnb Platform facilitates bookings between Guests and Hosts who may prefer to pay in a currency different from their destination currency, which may require currency conversions to accommodate these differing currency preferences. Although the Airbnb Platform allows Members to view the price of Listings in a number of currencies, the currencies available for Members to make and receive payments may be limited, and may not include the default currency in any given geographic location. Details regarding currency conversion, including any associated fees, are detailed in the Payments Terms.

13. Taxes

13.1 As a Host you are solely responsible for determining your obligations to report, collect, remit or include in your Listing Fees any applicable VAT or other indirect sales taxes, occupancy tax, tourist or other visitor taxes or income taxes ("Taxes").

13.2 Tax regulations may require us to collect appropriate Tax information from Hosts, or to withhold Taxes from payouts to Hosts, or both. If a Host fails to provide us with documentation that we determine to be sufficient to alleviate our obligation (if any) to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we reserve the right to freeze all payouts, withhold such amounts as required by law, or to do both, until resolution.

13.3 You understand that any appropriate governmental agency, department and/or authority ("Tax Authority") where your Accommodation is located may require Taxes to be collected from Guests or Hosts on Listing Fees, and to be remitted to the respective Tax Authority. The laws in jurisdictions may vary, but these Taxes may be required to be collected and remitted as a percentage of the Listing Fees set by Hosts, a set amount per day, or other variations, and are sometimes called "transient occupancy taxes," "hotel taxes," "lodging taxes," "city taxes," "room taxes" or "tourist taxes" ("Occupancy Taxes").

13.4 In certain jurisdictions, Airbnb may decide in its sole discretion to facilitate collection and remittance of Occupancy Taxes from or on behalf of Guests or Hosts, in accordance these Terms ("Collection and Remittance") if such jurisdiction asserts Airbnb or Hosts have an Occupancy Tax collection and remittance obligation. In any jurisdiction in which we decide to facilitate direct Collection and Remittance, you hereby instruct and authorize Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) to collect Occupancy Taxes from Guests on the Host's behalf at the time Listing Fees are collected, and to remit such Occupancy Taxes to the Tax Authority. The amount of Occupancy Taxes, if any, collected and remitted by Airbnb will be visible to and separately stated to both Guests and Hosts on their respective transaction documents. Where Airbnb is facilitating Collection and Remittance, Hosts are not permitted to collect any Occupancy Taxes being collected by Airbnb relating to their Accommodations in that jurisdiction.

13.5 You agree that any claim or cause of action relating to Airbnb's facilitation of Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes shall not extend to any supplier or vendor that may be used by Airbnb in connection with facilitation of Collection and Remittance, if any. Guests and Hosts agree that we may seek additional amounts from you in the event that the Taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge your obligations to the Tax Authority, and agree that your sole remedy for Occupancy Taxes collected is a refund of Occupancy Taxes collected by Airbnb from the applicable Tax Authority in accordance with applicable procedures set by that Tax Authority.

13.6 Airbnb reserves the right, with prior notice to Hosts, to cease the Collection and Remittance in any jurisdiction for any reason at which point Hosts and Guests are once again solely responsible and liable for the collection and/or remittance of any and all Occupancy Taxes that may apply to Accommodations in that jurisdiction.

14. Prohibited Activities

14.1 You are solely responsible for compliance with any and all laws, rules, regulations, and Tax obligations that may apply to your use of the Airbnb Platform. In connection with your use of the Airbnb Platform, you will not and will not assist or enable others to:

breach or circumvent any applicable laws or regulations, agreements with third-parties, third-party rights, or our Terms, Policies or Standards;
use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content for any commercial or other purposes that are not expressly permitted by these Terms or in a manner that falsely implies Airbnb endorsement, partnership or otherwise misleads others as to your affiliation with Airbnb;
copy, store or otherwise access or use any information, including personally identifiable information about any other Member, contained on the Airbnb Platform in any way that is inconsistent with Airbnb’s Privacy Policy or these Terms or that otherwise violates the privacy rights of Members or third parties;
use the Airbnb Platform in connection with the distribution of unsolicited commercial messages ("spam");
offer, as a Host, any Accommodation that you do not yourself own or have permission to make available as a residential or other property through the Airbnb Platform;
unless Airbnb explicitly permits otherwise, book any Listing if you will not actually be using the Host Services yourself;
contact another Member for any purpose other than asking a question related to a your own booking, Listing, or the Member's use of the Airbnb Platform, including, but not limited to, recruiting or otherwise soliciting any Member to join third-party services, applications or websites, without our prior written approval;
use the Airbnb Platform to request, make or accept a booking independent of the Airbnb Platform, to circumvent any Service Fees or for any other reason;
request, accept or make any payment for Listing Fees outside of the Airbnb Platform or Airbnb Payments. If you do so, you acknowledge and agree that you: (i) would be in breach of these Terms; (ii) accept all risks and responsibility for such payment, and (iii) hold Airbnb harmless from any liability for such payment;
discriminate against or harass anyone on the basis of race, national origin, religion, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, age or sexual orientation, or otherwise engage in any abusive or disruptive behavior;
use, display, mirror or frame the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, or any individual element within the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb's name, any Airbnb trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page in the Airbnb Platform, without Airbnb's express written consent;
dilute, tarnish or otherwise harm the Airbnb brand in any way, including through unauthorized use of Collective Content, registering and/or using Airbnb or derivative terms in domain names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers, or registering and/or using domains names, trade names, trademarks or other source identifiers that closely imitate or are confusingly similar to Airbnb domains, trademarks, taglines, promotional campaigns or Collective Content;
use any robots, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or processes to access, collect data or other content from or otherwise interact with the Airbnb Platform for any purpose;
avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble, or otherwise attempt to circumvent any technological measure implemented by Airbnb or any of Airbnb's providers or any other third party to protect the Airbnb Platform;
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Airbnb Platform;
take any action that damages or adversely affects, or could damage or adversely affect the performance or proper functioning of the Airbnb Platform;
export, re-export, import, or transfer the Application except as authorized by United States law, the export control laws of your jurisdiction, and any other applicable laws; or
violate or infringe anyone else’s rights or otherwise cause harm to anyone.
14.2 You acknowledge that Airbnb has no obligation to monitor the access to or use of the Airbnb Platform by any Member or to review, disable access to, or edit any Member Content, but has the right to do so to (i) operate, secure and improve the Airbnb Platform (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes); (ii) ensure Members’ compliance with these Terms; (iii) comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body; (iv) respond to Member Content that it determines is harmful or objectionable; or (v) as otherwise set forth in these Terms. Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb with respect to any investigation undertaken by Airbnb or a representative of Airbnb regarding the use or abuse of the Airbnb Platform.

14.3 If you feel that any Member you interact with, whether online or in person, is acting or has acted inappropriately, including but not limited to anyone who (i) engages in offensive, violent or sexually inappropriate behavior, (ii) you suspect of stealing from you, or (iii) engages in any other disturbing conduct, you should immediately report such person to the appropriate authorities and then to Airbnb by contacting us with your police station and report number (if available); provided that your report will not obligate us to take any action beyond that required by law (if any) or cause us to incur any liability to you.

15. Term and Termination, Suspension and other Measures

15.1 This Agreement shall be effective for a 30-day term, at the end of which it will automatically and continuously renew for subsequent 30-day terms until such time when you or Airbnb terminate the Agreement in accordance with this provision.

15.2 You may terminate this Agreement at any time via the "Cancel Account" feature on the Airbnb Platform or by sending us an email. If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Host, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund. If you cancel your Airbnb Account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Listing’s cancellation policy.

15.3 Without limiting our rights specified below, Airbnb may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time by giving you thirty (30) days' notice via email to your registered email address.

15.4 Airbnb may immediately, without notice terminate this Agreement if (i) you have materially breached your obligations under these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, (ii) you have violated applicable laws, regulations or third party rights, or (iii) Airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties (for example in the case of fraudulent behavior of a Member).

15.5 In addition, Airbnb may take any of the following measures (i) to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body, or if (ii) you have breached these Terms, the Payments Terms, our Policies or Standards, applicable laws, regulations, or third party rights, (iii) you have provided inaccurate, fraudulent, outdated or incomplete information during the Airbnb Account registration, Listing process or thereafter, (iv) you and/or your Listings or Host Services at any time fail to meet any applicable quality or eligibility criteria, (v) you have repeatedly received poor Ratings or Reviews or Airbnb otherwise becomes aware of or has received complaints about your performance or conduct, (vi) you have repeatedly cancelled confirmed bookings or failed to respond to booking requests without a valid reason, or (vii) Airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Airbnb, its Members, or third parties, or to prevent fraud or other illegal activity: refuse to surface, delete or delay any Listings, Ratings, Reviews, or other Member Content; cancel any pending or confirmed bookings; limit your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform; temporarily or permanently revoke any special status associated with your Airbnb Account; or temporarily or in case of severe or repeated offenses permanently suspend your Airbnb Account.
In case of non-material breaches and where appropriate, you will be given notice of any intended measure by Airbnb and an opportunity to resolve the issue to Airbnb's reasonable satisfaction.

15.6 If we take any of the measures described above (i) we may refund your Guests in full for any and all confirmed bookings that have been cancelled, irrespective of preexisting cancellation policies, and (ii) you will not be entitled to any compensation for pending or confirmed bookings that were cancelled.

15.7 When this Agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your Airbnb Account or any of your Member Content. If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited or your Airbnb Account has been suspended or this Agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new Airbnb Account or access and use the Airbnb Platform through an Airbnb Account of another Member.

15.8 Unless you reside in Germany, if you or we terminate this Agreement, the clauses of these Terms that reasonably should survive termination of the Agreement will remain in effect.

16. Disclaimers

If you choose to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, you do so voluntarily and at your sole risk. The Airbnb Platform and Collective Content is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.

You agree that you have had whatever opportunity you deem necessary to investigate the Airbnb Services, laws, rules, or regulations that may be applicable to your Listings and/or Host Services you are receiving and that you are not relying upon any statement of law or fact made by Airbnb relating to a Listing.

If we choose to conduct identity verification or background checks on any Member, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim warranties of any kind, either express or implied, that such checks will identify prior misconduct by a Member or guarantee that a Member will not engage in misconduct in the future.

You agree that some Experiences, Events or other Host Services may carry inherent risk, and by participating in those Host Services, you choose to assume those risks voluntarily. For example, some Host Services may carry risk of illness, bodily injury, disability, or death, and you freely and willfully assume those risks by choosing to participate in those Host Services. You assume full responsibility for the choices you make before, during and after your participation in a Host Service. If you are bringing a minor as an additional guest, you are solely responsible for the supervision of that minor throughout the duration of your Host Service and to the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to release and hold harmless Airbnb from all liabilities and claims that arise in any way from any injury, death, loss or harm that occurs to that minor during the Host Service or in any way related to your Host Service.

The foregoing disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by law. You may have other statutory rights. However, the duration of statutorily required warranties, if any, shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

17. Liability

17.1 Unless you reside in the EU, you acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform and Collective Content, your publishing or booking of any Listing via the Airbnb Platform, your stay at any Accommodation, participation in any Experience or Event or use of any other Host Service or any other interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online remains with you. Neither Airbnb nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with (i) these Terms, (ii) from the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content, (iii) from any communications, interactions or meetings with other Members or other persons with whom you communicate, interact or meet with as a result of your use of the Airbnb Platform, or (iv) from your publishing or booking of a Listing, including the provision or use of a Listing’s Host Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not Airbnb has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose. Except for our obligations to pay amounts to applicable Hosts pursuant to these Terms or an approved payment request under the Airbnb Host Guarantee, in no event will Airbnb’s aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these Terms and your use of the Airbnb Platform including, but not limited to, from your publishing or booking of any Listings via the Airbnb Platform, or from the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or Collective Content and in connection with any Accommodation, Experiences, Event or other Host Service, or interactions with any other Members, exceed the amounts you have paid or owe for bookings via the Airbnb Platform as a Guest in the twelve (12) month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or if you are a Host, the amounts paid by Airbnb to you in the twelve (12) month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or one hundred U.S. dollars (US$100), if no such payments have been made, as applicable. The limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between Airbnb and you. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you. If you reside outside of the U.S., this does not affect Airbnb’s liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, nor for fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

17.2 If you reside in the EU, Airbnb is liable under statutory provisions for intent and gross negligence by us, our legal representatives, directors, or other vicarious agents. The same applies to the assumption of guarantees or any other strict liability, or in case of a culpable injury to life, limb, or health. Airbnb is liable for any negligent breaches of essential contractual obligations by us, our legal representatives, directors, or other vicarious agents. Essential contractual obligations are such duties of Airbnb in whose proper fulfilment you regularly trust and must trust for the proper execution of the contract but the amount shall be limited to the typically occurring foreseeable damage. Any additional liability of Airbnb is excluded.

18. Indemnification

You agree to release, defend (at Airbnb’s option), indemnify, and hold Airbnb and its affiliates and subsidiaries, and their officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your breach of these Terms or our Policies or Standards, (ii) your improper use of the Airbnb Platform or any Airbnb Services, (iii) your interaction with any Member, stay at an Accommodation, participation in an Experience, Event or other Host Service, including without limitation any injuries, losses or damages (whether compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of such interaction, stay, participation or use, (iv) Airbnb’s Collection and Remittance of Occupancy Taxes, or (v) your breach of any laws, regulations or third party rights.

19. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement

19.1 This Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement shall apply if you (i) reside in the United States; or (ii) do not reside in the United States, but bring any claim against Airbnb in the United States (to the extent not in conflict with Section 21).

19.2 Overview of Dispute Resolution Process. Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process. To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom Section 19.1 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team, and (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) using its specially designed Consumer Arbitration Rules (as modified by this Section 19). Specifically, the process provides:

Claims can be filed with AAA online (www.adr.org);
Arbitrators must be neutral and no party may unilaterally select an arbitrator;
Arbitrators must disclose any bias, interest in the result of the arbitration, or relationship with any party;
Parties retain the right to seek relief in small claims court for certain claims, at their option;
The initial filing fee for the consumer is capped at $200;
The consumer gets to elect the hearing location and can elect to participate live, by phone, video conference, or, for claims under $25,000, by the submission of documents;
The arbitrator can grant any remedy that the parties could have received in court to resolve the party’s individual claim.
19.3 Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution and Notification. Prior to initiating an arbitration, you and Airbnb each agree to notify the other party of the dispute and attempt to negotiate an informal resolution to it first. We will contact you at the email address you have provided to us; you can contact Airbnb’s customer service team by emailing us. If after a good faith effort to negotiate one of us feels the dispute has not and cannot be resolved informally, the party intending to pursue arbitration agrees to notify the other party via email prior to initiating the arbitration. In order to initiate arbitration, a claim must be filed with the AAA and the written Demand for Arbitration (available at www.adr.org) provided to the other party, as specified in the AAA Rules.

19.4 Agreement to Arbitrate. You and Airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or to the use of the Airbnb Platform, the Host Services, or the Collective Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding arbitration (the “Arbitration Agreement”). If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and Airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue.

19.5 Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement. You and Airbnb each agree that the following claims are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction: (i) Any claim related to actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights; (ii) Any claim seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack).

19.6 Arbitration Rules and Governing Law. This Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. The arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Rules“) then in effect, except as modified here. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1–800–778–7879.

19.7 Modification to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location. In order to make the arbitration most convenient to you, Airbnb agrees that any required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option, (a) in the county where you reside; (b) in San Francisco County; (c) in any other location to which you and Airbnb both agree; (d) via phone or video conference; or (e) for any claim or counterclaim under $25,000, by solely the submission of documents to the arbitrator.

19.8 Modification of AAA Rules - Attorney’s Fees and Costs. You may be entitled to seek an award of attorney fees and expenses if you prevail in arbitration, to the extent provided under applicable law and the AAA rules. Unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous or filed for the purpose of harassment, Airbnb agrees it will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law or the AAA rules, to recover attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.

19.9 Arbitrator’s Decision. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.

19.10 Jury Trial Waiver. You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable Disputes.

19.11 No Class Actions or Representative Proceedings. You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney-general action, or any other representative proceeding as to all Disputes. Further, unless you and Airbnb both otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this paragraph is held unenforceable with respect to any Dispute, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement will be deemed void with respect to such Dispute.

19.12 Severability. Except as provided in Section 19.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall be given full force and effect.

19.13 Changes. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 (“Modification of these Terms”), if Airbnb changes this Section 19 (“Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement”) after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email) within thirty (30) days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Airbnb’s email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb in accordance with the provisions of the “Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement” section as of the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).

19.14 Survival. Except as provided in Section 19.12 and subject to Section 15.8, this Section 19 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb Account.

20. Feedback

We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Airbnb Platform (“Feedback“). You may submit Feedback by emailing us, through the “Contact” section of the Airbnb Platform, or by other means of communication. Any Feedback you submit to us will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. By submitting Feedback to us, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use and publish those ideas and materials for any purpose, without compensation to you.

21. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction

21.1 If you reside in the United States, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the United States of America, without regard to conflict-of-law provisions. Judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions) that are excluded from the Arbitration Agreement in Section 19 must be brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both agree to some other location. You and we both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.

21.2 If you reside in China these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of China (“China Laws”). Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (CIETAC) for arbitration in Beijing which shall be conducted in accordance with CIETAC’s arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration, provided that this section shall not be construed to limit any rights which Airbnb may have to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for an order requiring you to perform or be prohibited from performing certain acts and other provisional relief permitted under China Laws or any other laws that may apply to you. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English. The arbitral award rendered is final and binding upon both parties.

21.3 If you reside outside of the United States and China, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with Irish law. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) is excluded. The choice of law does not impact your rights as a consumer according to the consumer protection regulations of your country of residence. If you are acting as a consumer, you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts. Judicial proceedings that you are able to bring against us arising from or in connection with these Terms may only be brought in a court located in Ireland or a court with jurisdiction in your place of residence. If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.

22. General Provisions

22.1 Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms and conditions, policies, guidelines or standards, these Terms constitute the entire Agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you in relation to the access to and use of the Airbnb Platform.

22.2 No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Airbnb as a result of this Agreement or your use of the Airbnb Platform.

22.3 These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties.

22.4 If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.

22.5 Airbnb’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law.

22.6 You may not assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent. Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days prior notice. Your right to terminate this Agreement at any time remains unaffected.

22.7 Unless specified otherwise, any notices or other communications to Members permitted or required under this Agreement, will be in writing and given by Airbnb via email, Airbnb Platform notification, or messaging service (including SMS and WeChat). For notices made to Members residing outside of Germany, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which Airbnb transmits the notice.

22.8 If you reside in the EU you can access the European Commission’s online dispute resolution platform here: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. Please note that Airbnb Ireland is not committed nor obliged to use an alternative dispute resolution entity to resolve disputes with consumers.

22.9 If you have any questions about these Terms please email us.

Terms of Use

 

PART A: New Version (Effective as of May 25, 2018)

(Updated on May 24, 2018)

 

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY!

 

 

Welcome to www.alibaba.com and www.aliexpress.com !  These Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions applicable to your access and use of the websites atwww.alibaba.com and www.aliexpress.com (each a “Site”).  This document is a legally binding agreement between you as the user(s) of the Sites (referred to as “you”, “your” or “User” hereinafter) and the Alibaba.com entity listed in clause 2.1 below (referred to as “we”, “our” or “Alibaba.com” hereinafter).

 

1.Application and Acceptance of the Terms

 

1.1 Your use of the Sites and Alibaba.com’s services, software and products (collectively the as the “Services” hereinafter) is subject to the terms and conditions contained in this document as well as the Privacy Policy , the Product Listing Policy  and any other rules and policies of the Sites that Alibaba.com may publish from time to time.  The Promotion Services referred to in the Alibaba.com Free Membership Agreement shall include Top Ranking and Sponsored Listing and any such other Services as may be announced by Alibaba.com from time to time. This document and such other rules and policies of the Sites are collectively referred to below as the “Terms”.  By accessing the Sites or using the Services, you agree to accept and be bound by the Terms.  Please do not use the Services or the Sites if you do not accept all of the Terms. 
 

1.2 You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms if (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Alibaba.com, or (b) you are not permitted to receive any Services under the laws of Hong Kong or other countries / regions including the country / region in which you are resident or from which you use the Services.
 

1.3 Alibaba.com may amend any Terms at any time by posting the relevant amended and restated Terms on the Sites.  By continuing to use the Services or the Sites, you agree that the amended Terms will apply to you.
 

1.4 If Alibaba.com has posted or provided a translation of the English language version of the Terms, you agree that the translation is provided for convenience only and that the English language version will govern your uses of the Services or the Sites.
 

1.5 You may be required to enter into a separate agreement, whether online or offline, with Alibaba.com or our affiliate for any Service (“Additional Agreements”).  If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Terms and an Additional Agreement, the Additional Agreement shall take precedence over the Terms only in relation to that Service concerned.   
 

1.6 The Terms may not otherwise be modified except in writing by an authorized officer of Alibaba.com.    

 

2. Provision of Services

 

2.1 The Alibaba.com contracting entity that you are contracting with is Alibaba.com Hong Kong Limited if you are a registered member of the Sites and registered or resident in Hong Kong or Macau.  If you registered in a jurisdiction outside Hong Kong, Macau and mainland China, you are contracting with Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (incorporated in Singapore with Company Reg. No. 200720572D).  If you registered in or are a resident of mainland China, you are contracting with Hangzhou Alibaba Advertising Co., Ltd.  As some or part of the Services may be supported and provided by affiliates of Alibaba.com, Alibaba.com may delegate some of the Services to its affiliates, particularly Alibaba.com (Europe) Limited incorporated in the United Kingdom, who you agree may invoice you for their part of the Services.
 

2.2 You must register as a member on the Sites in order to access and use some Services. Further, Alibaba.com reserves the right, without prior notice, to restrict access to or use of certain Services (or any features within the Services) to paying Users or subject to other conditions that Alibaba.com may impose in our discretion.
 

2.3 Services (or any features within the Services) may vary for different regions and countries. No warranty or representation is given that a particular Service or feature or function thereof or the same type and extent of the Service or features and functions thereof will be available for Users. Alibaba.com may in our sole discretion limit, deny or create different level of access to and use of any Services (or any features within the Services) with respect to different Users.

2.4 Alibaba.com may launch, change, upgrade, impose conditions to, suspend, or stop any Services (or any features within the Services) without prior notice except that in case of a fee-based Service, such changes will not substantially adversely affect the paying Users in enjoying that Service.
 

2.5 Some Services may be provided by Alibaba.com’s affiliates on behalf of Alibaba.com.

 

3. Users Generally

 

3.1 As a condition of your access to and use of the Sites or Services, you agree that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations when using the Sites or Services.
 

3.2 You agree to use the Sites or Services solely for your own private and internal purposes. You agree that (a) you will not copy, reproduce, download, re-publish, sell, distribute or resell any Services or any information, text, images, graphics, video clips, sound, directories, files, databases or listings, etc available on or through the Sites (the “Site Content”), and (b) you will not copy, reproduce, download, compile or otherwise use any Site Content for the purposes of operating a business that competes with Alibaba.com, or otherwise commercially exploiting the Site Content. Systematic retrieval of Site Content from the Sites to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory (whether through robots, spiders, automatic devices or manual processes) without written permission from Alibaba.com is prohibited. Use of any content or materials on the Sites for any purpose not expressly permitted in the Terms is prohibited.
 

3.3 You must read Alibaba.com’s Privacy Policy which governs the protection and use of personal information about Users in the possession of Alibaba.com and our affiliates.
 

3.4 Alibaba.com may allow Users to access to content, products or services offered by third parties through hyperlinks (in the form of word link, banners, channels or otherwise), API or otherwise to such third parties' web sites. You are cautioned to read such web sites' terms and conditions and/or privacy policies before using the Sites. You acknowledge that Alibaba.com has no control over such third parties' web sites, does not monitor such web sites, and shall not be responsible or liable to anyone for such web sites, or any content, products or services made available on such web sites.
 

3.5 You agree not to undertake any action to undermine the integrity of the computer systems or networks of Alibaba.com and/or any other User nor to gain unauthorized access to such computer systems or networks.
 

3.6 You agree not to undertake any action which may undermine the integrity of Alibaba.com’s feedback system, such as leaving positive feedback for yourself using secondary Member IDs or through third parties or by leaving unsubstantiated negative feedback for another User.
 

3.7 By posting or displaying any information, content or material (“User Content”) on the Sites or providing any User Content to Alibaba.com or our representative(s), and to the extent permitted under applicable laws, you grant an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) license to Alibaba.com to display, transmit, distribute, reproduce, publish, duplicate, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works, and otherwise use any or all of the User Content in any form, media, or technology now known or not currently known in any manner and for any purpose which may be beneficial to the operation of the Sites, the provision of any Services and/or the business of the User. You confirm and warrant to Alibaba.com that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the above license. Information that is protected under data protection laws will only be used and kept in compliance with those laws.

 

4. Member Accounts

 

4.1 User must be registered on the Sites to access or use some Services (a registered User is also referred to as a “Member” below). Except with Alibaba.com’s approval, one User may only register one member account on the Sites. Alibaba.com may cancel or terminate a User’s member account if Alibaba.com has reasons to suspect that the User has concurrently registered or controlled two or more member accounts. Further, Alibaba.com may reject User’s application for registration for any reason.
 

4.2 Upon registration on the Sites, Alibaba.com shall assign an account and issue a member ID and password (the latter shall be chosen by a registered User during registration) to each registered User. An account may have a web-based email account with limited storage space for the Member to send or receive emails.
 

4.3 A set of Member ID and password is unique to a single account. Each Member shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Member ID and password and for all activities that occur under your account. No Member may share, assign, or permit the use of your Member account, ID or password by another person outside of the Member’s own business entity. Member agrees to notify Alibaba.com immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or your account or any other breach of security of your account.
 

4.4 Member agrees that all activities that occur under your account (including without limitation, posting any company or product information, clicking to accept any Additional Agreements or rules, subscribing to or making any payment for any services, sending emails using the email account or sending SMS) will be deemed to have been authorized by the Member.
 

4.5 Member acknowledges that sharing of your account with other persons, or allowing multiple users outside of your business entity to use your account (collectively, "multiple use"), may cause irreparable harm to Alibaba.com or other Users of the Sites. Member shall indemnify Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, employees, agents and representatives against any loss or damages (including but not limited to loss of profits) suffered as a result of the multiple use of your account. Member also agrees that in case of the multiple use of your account or Member’s failure to maintain the security of your account, Alibaba.com shall not be liable for any loss or damages arising from such a breach and shall have the right to suspend or terminate Member’s account without liability to Member.

 

5. Member’s Responsibilities

 

5.1 Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that (a) you have full power and authority to accept the Terms, to grant the license and authorization and to perform the obligations hereunder; (b) you use the Sites and Services for business purposes only; and (c) the address you provide when registering is the principal place of business of your business entity.  For purposes of this provision, a branch or liaison office will not be considered a separate entity and your principal place of business will be deemed to be that of your head office. 
 

5.2 Member will be required to provide information or material about your entity, business or products/services as part of the registration process on the Sites or your use of any Service or the member account.  Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that (a) such information and material whether submitted during the registration process or thereafter throughout the continuation of the use of the Sites or Service is true, accurate, current and complete, and (b) you will maintain and promptly amend all information and material to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
 

5.3 Upon becoming a Member, you consent to the inclusion of the contact information about you in our Buyer Database and authorize Alibaba.com and our affiliates to share the contact information with other Users or otherwise use your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy. 
 

5.4 Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that (a) you shall be solely responsible for obtaining all necessary third party licenses and permissions regarding any User Content that you submit, post or display; (b) any User Content that you submit, post or display does not infringe or violate any of the copyright, patent, trademark, trade name, trade secrets or any other personal or proprietary rights of any third party (“Third Party Rights”); (c) you have the right and authority to sell, trade, distribute or export or offer to sell, trade, distribute or export the products or services described in the User Content and such sale, trade, distribution or export or offer does not violate any Third Party Rights and (d) you and your affiliates are not the subject of any trade restrictions, sanctions or other legal restrictions enacted by any country, international organization or jurisdiction.
 

5.5 Each Member further represents, warrants and agrees that the User Content that you submit, post or display shall:
a) be true, accurate, complete and lawful;
b) not be false, misleading or deceptive;
c) not contain information that is defamatory, libelous, threatening or harassing, obscene, objectionable, offensive, sexually explicit or harmful to minors;
d) not contain information that is discriminatory or promotes discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
e) not violate the Product Listing Policy, other Terms or any applicable Additional Agreements
f) not violate any applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, or false advertising) or promote any activities which may violate any applicable laws and regulations;
g) not contain any link directly or indirectly to any other web Sites which includes any content that may violate the Terms.
 

5.6 Each Member further represents, warrants and agrees that you shall/are:
a) carry on your activities on the Sites in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations;
b) conduct your business transactions with other users of the Sites in good faith;
c) carry on your activities in accordance with the Terms and any applicable Additional Agreements;
d) not use the Services or Sites to defraud any person or entity (including without limitation sale of stolen items, use of stolen credit/debit cards);
e) not impersonate any person or entity, misrepresent yourself or your affiliation with any person or entity;
f) not engage in spamming or phishing;
g) not engage in any other unlawful activities (including without limitation those which would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability,  etc) or encourage or abet any unlawful activities;
h) not involve attempts to copy, reproduce, exploit or expropriate Alibaba.com’s various proprietary directories, databases and listings;
i) not involve any computer viruses or other destructive devices and codes that have the effect of damaging, interfering with, intercepting or expropriating any software or hardware system, data or personal information;
j) not involve any scheme to undermine the integrity of the data, systems or networks used by Alibaba.com and/or any user of the Sites or gain unauthorized access to such data, systems or networks;
k) not, and your director(s), officer(s), controlling party/ies, affiliates and legal jurisdiction in which any of the foregoing persons or entities is organized or has operations are not, persons or entities that are subject to any economic or fraud sanctions of any governmental, international or regulatory entities; and
l) not engage in any activities that would otherwise create any liability for Alibaba.com or our affiliates.

 

5.7 Member may not use the Services and member account to engage in activities which are identical or similar to Alibaba.com’s e-commerce marketplace business.
 

5.8 If Member provides a business referee, Member represents, warrants and agrees that you have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and waivers from your business partners and associates to (a) act as your business referee; (b) post and publish their contact details and information, reference letters and comments on their behalf; and (c) that third parties may contact such business referees to support claims or statements made about you. You further warrant and agree that all reference letters and comments are true and accurate and third parties may contact the business referees without the need to obtain your consent.
 

5.9 Member agrees to provide all necessary information, materials and approval, and render all reasonable assistance and cooperation necessary for Alibaba.com’s provision of the Services, evaluating whether Member has breached the Terms and/or handling any complaint against the Member.  If Member’s failure to do so results in delay in, or suspension or termination of, the provision of any Service, Alibaba.com shall not be obliged to extend the relevant service period nor shall be liable for any loss or damages arising from such delay, suspension or termination.
 

5.10Member acknowledges and agrees that Alibaba.com shall not be required to actively monitor nor exercise any editorial control whatsoever over the content of any message or material or information created, obtained or accessible through the Services or Sites. Alibaba.com does not endorse, verify or otherwise certify the contents of any comments or other material or information made by any Member. Each Member is solely responsible for the contents of their communications and may be held legally liable or accountable for the content of their comments or other material or information
 

5.11Member acknowledges and agrees that the Services may only be used by businesses and their representatives for business use and not for individual consumers or for personal use.
 

5.12Member acknowledges and agrees that each Member is solely responsible for observing applicable laws and regulations in its respective jurisdictions to ensure that all use of the Site and Services are in compliance with the same.

 

6. Breaches by Members

 

6.1 Alibaba.com reserves the right in our sole discretion to remove, modify or reject any User Content that you submit to, post or display on the Sites which we reasonably believe is unlawful, violates the Terms, could subject Alibaba.com or our affiliates to liability, or is otherwise found inappropriate in Alibaba.com’s opinion.
 

6.2 If any Member breaches any Terms, or if Alibaba.com has reasonable grounds to believe that a Member is in breach of any Terms, Alibaba.com shall have the right to take such disciplinary actions as it deems appropriate, including without limitation: (i) suspending or terminating the Member’s account and any and all accounts determined to be related to such account by Alibaba.com in its discretion; (ii) restricting, downgrading, suspending or terminating the subscription of, access to, or current or future use of any Service; (iii) removing any product listings or other User Content that the Member has submitted, posted or displayed, or imposing restrictions on the number of product listings or User Content that the Member may post or display; (iv) imposing other restrictions on the Member’s use of any features or functions of any Service as Alibaba.com may consider appropriate in its sole discretion; and (v) any other corrective actions, discipline or penalties as Alibaba.com may deem necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion.
 

6.3 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the Terms, a Member would be considered as being in breach of the Terms in any of the following circumstances:
a) upon complaint or claim from any third party, Alibaba.com has reasonable grounds to believe that such Member has willfully or materially failed to perform your contract with such third party including without limitation where the Member has failed to deliver any items ordered by such third party after receipt of the purchase price, or where the items Member has delivered materially fail to meet the terms and descriptions outlined in your contract with such third party,
b) Alibaba.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such Member has used a stolen credit card or other false or misleading information in any transaction with a counter party,
c) Alibaba.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that any information provided by the Member is not current or complete or is untrue, inaccurate, or misleading, or
d) Alibaba.com believes that the Member’s actions may cause financial loss or legal liability to Alibaba.com or our affiliates or any other Users.
 

6.4 Alibaba.com reserves the right to cooperate fully with governmental authorities, private investigators and/or injured third parties in the investigation of any suspected criminal or civil wrongdoing.  Further, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and policies, Alibaba.com may disclose the Member's identity, contact information and/or information regarding the Member's account(s), transactions or activities carried out on or via the Site, if requested by a government or law enforcement body, an injured third party, or as a result of a subpoena or other legal action.  Alibaba.com shall not be liable for damages or results arising from such disclosure, and Member agrees not to bring any action or claim against Alibaba.com for such disclosure.
 

6.5 Alibaba.com may, at any time and in our reasonable discretion, impose limitations on, suspend or terminate the Member’s use of any Service or the Sites without being liable to the Member if Alibaba.com has received notice that the Member is in breach of any agreement or undertaking with any affiliate of Alibaba.com including without limitation Taobao, Alipay, China Yahoo! and such breach involves or is reasonably suspected of involving dishonest or fraudulent activities. Alibaba.com shall not be required to investigate such breach or request confirmation from the Member.

 

6.6 Each Member agrees to indemnify Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, employees, agents and representatives and to hold them harmless, from any and all damages, losses, claims and liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from your submission, posting or display of any User Content, from your use of the Sites or Services, or from your breach of the Terms.
 

6.7 Each Member further agrees that Alibaba.com is not responsible, and shall have no liability to you or anyone else for any User Content or other material transmitted over the Sites, including fraudulent, untrue, misleading, inaccurate, defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damage from such material rests entirely with each Member. Alibaba.com reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the Member, in which event the Member shall cooperate with Alibaba.com in asserting any available defenses.

 

7. Transactions Between Buyers and Sellers

 

7.1 Through the Sites, Alibaba.com provides electronic web-based platforms for exchanging information between buyers and sellers of products and services.   Alibaba.com additionally provides electronic web-based transaction platforms for Members to place, accept, conclude, manage and fulfill orders for the provision of products and services online within the Sites subject to the terms of the Transaction Services Agreement.  However, for any Services, Alibaba.com does not represent either the seller or the buyer in specific transactions. Alibaba.com does not control and is not liable to or responsible for the quality, safety, lawfulness or availability of the products or services offered for sale on the Sites or the ability of the sellers to complete a sale or the ability of buyers to complete a purchase.
 

7.2 Users are hereby made aware that there may be risks of dealing with people acting under false pretences. Alibaba.com uses several techniques to verify the accuracy of certain information our paying Users provide us when they register for a paying membership service on the Sites.  However, because user verification on the Internet is difficult, Alibaba.com cannot and does not confirm each User's purported identity (including, without limitation, paying Members). We encourage you to use various means, as well as common sense, to evaluate with whom you are dealing.
 

7.3 Each User acknowledges that it is fully assuming the risks of conducting any purchase and sale transactions in connection with using the Sites or Services, and that it is fully assuming the risks of liability or harm of any kind in connection with subsequent activity of any kind relating to products or services that are the subject of transactions using the Sites. Such risks shall include, but are not limited to, mis-representation of products and services, fraudulent schemes, unsatisfactory quality, failure to meet specifications, defective or dangerous products, unlawful products, delay or default in delivery or payment, cost mis-calculations, breach of warranty, breach of contract and transportation accidents. Such risks also include the risks that the manufacture, importation, export, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the Sites may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights, and the risk that User may incur costs of defense or other costs in connection with third parties’ assertion of Third Party Rights, or in connection with any claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to assertions of rights, demands or claims by Third Party Rights claimants. Such risks also include the risks that consumers, other purchasers, end-users of products or others claiming to have suffered injuries or harms relating to products originally obtained by Users of the Sites as a result of purchase and sale transactions in connection with using the Sites may suffer harms and/or assert claims arising from their use of such products. All of the foregoing risks are hereafter referred to as "Transaction Risks". Each User agrees that Alibaba.com shall not be liable or responsible for any damages, claims, liabilities, costs, harms, inconveniences, business disruptions or expenditures of any kind that may arise a result of or in connection with any Transaction Risks.
 

7.4 Users are solely responsible for all of the terms and conditions of the transactions conducted on, through or as a result of use of the Sites or Services, including, without limitation, terms regarding payment, returns, warranties, shipping, insurance, fees, taxes, title, licenses, fines, permits, handling, transportation and storage.
 

7.5 User agrees to provide all information and materials as may be reasonably required by Alibaba.com in connection with your transactions conducted on, through or as a result of use of the Sites or Services.  Alibaba.com has the right to suspend or terminate any User’s account if the User fails to provide the required information and materials.
7.6 In the event that any User has a dispute with any party to a transaction, such User agrees to release and indemnify Alibaba.com (and our agents, affiliates, directors, officers and employees) from all claims, demands, actions, proceedings, costs, expenses and damages (including without limitation any actual, special, incidental or consequential damages) arising out of or in connection with such transaction.

 

8. Limitation of Liability

 

8.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY ALIBABA.COM ON OR THROUGH THE SITES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”, AND ALIBABA.COM HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF CONDITION, QUALITY, DURABILITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS, AND UNDERTAKINGS ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED.
 

8.2 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALIBABA.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE VALIDITY, ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, STABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR CURRENTNESS OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES; ALIBABA.COM DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE MANUFACTURE, IMPORTATION, EXPORT, DISTRIBUTION, OFFER, DISPLAY, PURCHASE, SALE AND/OR USE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED OR DISPLAYED ON THE SITES DOES NOT VIOLATE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS; AND ALIBABA.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED OR DISPLAYED ON THE SITES.
 

8.3 Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Sites is done at each User's sole discretion and risk and each User is solely responsible for any damage to Alibaba.com’s computer system or loss of data that may result from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by any User from Alibaba.com or through or from the Sites shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
 

8.4 The Sites may make available to User services or products provided by independent third parties.   No warranty or representation is made with regard to such services or products.   In no event shall Alibaba.com and our affiliates be held liable for any such services or products.
 

8.5 Each User hereby agrees to indemnify and save Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from such User's use of the Sites or Services (including but not limited to the display of such User's information on the Sites) or from your breach of any of the terms and conditions of the Terms. Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and save Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, damages, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from User's breach of any representations and warranties made by User to Alibaba.com, including but not limited to those set forth in Section 5 hereunder.  
 

8.6 Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and save Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, damages, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise, directly or indirectly, as a result of any claims asserted by Third Party Rights claimants or other third parties relating to products offered or displayed on the Sites. Each User hereby further agrees that Alibaba.com is not responsible and shall have no liability to you, for any material posted by others, including defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damages from such material rests entirely with each User. Alibaba.com reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you shall cooperate with Alibaba.com in asserting any available defenses.
 

8.7 Alibaba.com shall not be liable for any special, direct, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever (including but not limited to damages for loss of profits or savings, business interruption, loss of information), whether in contract, negligence, tort, equity or otherwise or any other damages resulting from any of the following:
a) the use or the inability to use the Sites or Services;
b) any defect in goods, samples, data, information or services purchased or obtained from a User or any other third party through the Sites;
c) violation of Third Party Rights or claims or demands that User's manufacture, importation, export, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the Sites may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights; or claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to assertions of rights, demands or claims by Third Party Rights claimants;
d) unauthorized access by third parties to data or private information of any User;
e) statements or conduct of any User of the Sites; or;
f) any matters relating to Services however arising, including negligence.
 

8.8 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions, the aggregate liability of Alibaba.com, our employees, agents, affiliates, representatives or anyone acting on our behalf with respect to each User for all claims arising from the use of the Sites or Services during any calendar year shall be limited to the greater of (a) the amount of fees the User has paid to Alibaba.com or our affiliates during the calendar year and (b) the maximum amount permitted in the applicable law. The preceding sentence shall not preclude the requirement by the User to prove actual damages. All claims arising from the use of the Sites or Services must be filed within one (1) year from the date the cause of action arose or such longer period as prescribed under any applicable law governing this Term of Use..
 

8.9 The limitations and exclusions of liability to you under the Terms shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by law and shall apply whether or not Alibaba.com has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.

 

9. Force Majeure

 

9.1 Under no circumstances shall Alibaba.com be held liable for any delay or failure or disruption of the content or services delivered through the Sites resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces or causes beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation, Internet failures, computer, telecommunications or any other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, flood, storms, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals or non-performance of third parties.

 

10. Intellectual Property Rights

 

10.1 Alibaba.com is the sole owner or lawful licensee of all the rights and interests in the Sites and the Site Content. The Sites and Site Content embody trade secrets and other intellectual property rights protected under worldwide copyright and other laws. All title, ownership and intellectual property rights in the Sites and Site Content shall remain with Alibaba.com, our affiliates or licensors of the Site Content, as the case may be. All rights not otherwise claimed under the Terms or by Alibaba.com are hereby reserved.
 

10.2 "ALIBABA", "ALIBABA.COM", “ALIEXPRESS” and related icons and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks or service marks of Alibaba Group Holding Limited, and “GOLD SUPPLIER”, "TRUSTPASS" and related icons and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks or service marks of Alibaba.com Limited, in various jurisdictions and are protected under applicable copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights laws. The unauthorized copying, modification, use or publication of these marks is strictly prohibited.
 

10.3 Alibaba.com may have independent third parties involved in the provision of the Services (e.g., the authentication and verification service providers).  You may not use any trademark, service mark or logo of such independent third parties without prior written approval from such parties.

 

11. Notices

 

11.1 All legal notices or demands to or upon Alibaba.com shall be made in writing and sent to Alibaba.com personally, by courier, certified mail, or facsimile to the following entity and address: Alibaba.com Hong Kong Limited/Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited/Hangzhou Alibaba Advertising Co. Ltd (as the case maybe), 26/F Tower One, Times Square,1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, Attn: Legal Department. The notices shall be effective when they are received by Alibaba.com in any of the above-mentioned manner.
 

11.2 All legal notices or demands to or upon a User shall be effective if either delivered personally, sent by courier, certified mail, by facsimile or email to the last-known correspondence, fax or email address provided by the User to Alibaba.com, or by posting such notice or demand on an area of the Sites that is publicly accessible without a charge. Notice to a User shall be deemed to be received by such User if and when.
a) Alibaba.com is able to demonstrate that communication, whether in physical or electronic form, has been sent to such User, or
b) immediately upon Alibaba.com posting such notice on an area of the Sites that is publicly accessible without charge.
 

11.3 You agree that all agreements, notices, demands, disclosures and other communications that Alibaba.com sends to you electronically satisfy the legal requirement that such communication should be in writing.

 

12. General Provisions

 

12.1 Subject to any Additional Agreements, the Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Alibaba.com with respect to and govern your use of the Sites and Services, superseding any prior written or oral agreements in relation to the same subject matter herein.
 

12.2 Alibaba.com and you are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the Terms.
 

12.3 If any provision of the Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deleted and the remaining provisions shall remain valid and be enforced.
 

12.4 Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.
 

12.5 Alibaba.com’s failure to enforce any right or failure to act with respect to any breach by you under the Terms will not constitute a waiver of that right nor a waiver of Alibaba.com’s right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
 

12.6 Alibaba.com shall have the right to assign the Terms (including all of our rights, titles, benefits, interests, and obligations and duties in the Terms to any person or entity (including any affiliates of Alibaba.com). You may not assign, in whole or part, the Terms to any person or entity.
 

12.7 If you are from outside of mainland China, The Terms shall be governed by the laws of Hong Kong without regard to its conflict of law provisions and the parties to the Terms agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong.  If you are from mainland China, the Terms shall be governed by the laws of People’s Republic of China without regard to its conflict of law provisions and the parties to the Terms agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of People’s Republic of China.

 

12.8 If you have any comments on the Services we provide to you, you may contact our customer service support line (https://helppage.aliexpress.com/buyercenter/selectTopic.htm for AliExpress or https://service.alibaba.com/buyer?spm=a2700.8293689.0.0.643f65aasdVUJy&tracelog=footer_hp_buyer for Alibaba.com) with any such feedback or questions.

 
Conditions of Use

Last updated: May 30, 2017

Welcome to Amazon.com. Amazon Services LLC and/or its affiliates ("Amazon") provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Amazon.com, use Amazon products or services, use Amazon applications for mobile, or use software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively, "Amazon Services"). Amazon provides the Amazon Services subject to the following conditions.

 By using Amazon Services, you agree to these conditions.  Please read them carefully.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use an Amazon Service (for example, Your Profile, Gift Cards, Amazon Video, Your Media Library, Amazon devices, or Amazon applications) you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements applicable to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.

PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of Amazon Services, to understand our practices.

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use Amazon Services, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you may be communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically, such as e-mails, texts, mobile push notices, or notices and messages on this site or through the other Amazon Services, such as our Message Center, and you can retain copies of these communications for your records. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

COPYRIGHT
All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive property of Amazon and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.

TRADEMARKS
Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks. In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or trade dress of Amazon in the U.S. and other countries. Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Amazon. All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear in any Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Amazon.

PATENTS
One or more patents owned by Amazon apply to the Amazon Services and to the features and services accessible via the Amazon Services. Portions of the Amazon Services operate under license of one or more patents. Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of applicable Amazon patents and applicable licensed patents.

LICENSE AND ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and any Service Terms, and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service, or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any downloading, copying, or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. No Amazon Service, nor any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Amazon. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Amazon's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Amazon. You may not misuse the Amazon Services. You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law. The licenses granted by Amazon terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.

YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your own Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Amazon does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may use the Amazon Services only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Alcohol listings on Amazon are intended for adults. You must be at least 21 years of age to purchase alcohol, or use any site functionality related to alcohol. Amazon reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, terminate your rights to use Amazon Services, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion. 

REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
You may post reviews, comments, photos, videos, and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights (including publicity rights), or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam" or unsolicited commercial electronic messages. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Amazon reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.

If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Amazon a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Amazon and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Amazon for all claims resulting from content you supply. Amazon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Amazon takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.

COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
Amazon respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement

RISK OF LOSS
All purchases of physical items from Amazon are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.

RETURNS, REFUNDS AND TITLE
Amazon does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center. At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. In this situation, Amazon does not take title to the refunded item. For more information about our returns and refunds, please see our Returns Center .

PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Amazon attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, Amazon does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of any Amazon Service is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Amazon itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.

PRICING
"List Price" means the suggested retail price of a product as provided by a manufacturer, supplier, or seller. We regularly check List Prices against prices recently found on Amazon and other retailers. Certain products may have a "Was Price" displayed, which is determined using recent price history of the product on Amazon.

With respect to items sold by Amazon, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. If the correct price of an item sold by Amazon is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Other merchants may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item.

We generally do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process or, for digital products, until we make the digital product available to you.

APP PERMISSIONS
When you use apps created by Amazon, such as the Amazon App or Kindle App, you may grant certain permissions to us for your device. Most mobile devices provide you with information about these permissions. To learn more about these permissions, click here.

SANCTIONS AND EXPORT POLICY
You may not use any Amazon Service if you are the subject of U.S. sanctions or of sanctions consistent with U.S. law imposed by the governments of the country where you are using Amazon Services. You must comply with all U.S. or other export and re-export restrictions that may apply to goods, software (including Amazon Software), technology, and services.

OTHER BUSINESSES
Parties other than Amazon operate stores, provide services or software, or sell product lines through the Amazon Services. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant, the offerings of any of these businesses or individuals (including the content of their Web sites). Amazon does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE AMAZON SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) AND OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY AMAZON ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. AMAZON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE AMAZON SERVICES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE AMAZON SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AMAZON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AMAZON DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE AMAZON SERVICES, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES, AMAZON'S SERVERS OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM AMAZON ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AMAZON WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF ANY AMAZON SERVICE, OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH ANY AMAZON SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING.

DISPUTES
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any Amazon Service, or to any products or services sold or distributed by Amazon or through Amazon.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.

There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would.

To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 304, Tumwater, WA 98501. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. Likewise, Amazon will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.

We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.

APPLICABLE LAW
By using any Amazon Service, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Amazon.

SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our pricing policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your use of Amazon Services. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, Service Terms, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.

OUR ADDRESS
Amazon.com, Inc.
P.O. Box 81226
Seattle, WA 98108-1226
https://www.amazon.com
ADDITIONAL AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS
The following terms (“Software Terms”) apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software) and any related documentation we make available to you in connection with Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software"). 
Use of the Amazon Software. You may use Amazon Software solely for purposes of enabling you to use the Amazon Services as provided by Amazon, and as permitted by these Conditions of Use and any Service Terms. You may not incorporate any portion of the Amazon Software into other programs or compile any portion of it in combination with other programs, or otherwise copy (except to exercise rights granted in this section), modify, create derivative works of, distribute, assign any rights to, or license the Amazon Software in whole or in part. All software used in any Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Use of Third Party Services. When you use the Amazon Software, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile software provider. Your use of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties.
No Reverse Engineering. You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with the Amazon Software, whether in whole or in part.
Updates. We may offer automatic or manual updates to the Amazon Software at any time and without notice to you.
Government End Users. If you are a U.S. Government end user, we are licensing the Amazon Software to you as a "Commercial Item" as that term is defined in the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations (see 48 C.F.R. § 2.101), and the rights we grant you to the Amazon Software are the same as the rights we grant to all others under these Conditions of Use.
Conflicts. In the event of any conflict between these Conditions of Use and any other Amazon or third-party terms applicable to any portion of Amazon Software, such as open-source license terms, such other terms will control as to that portion of the Amazon Software and to the extent of the conflict.
How to Serve a Subpoena
If you have a subpoena to serve on Amazon, please note that Amazon does not accept service via e-mail or fax and will not respond to the subpoena. All subpoenas must be properly served on Amazon.com, preferably by mailing the subpoena to Corporation Service Company (CSC), Amazon's national registered agent. Please find below the Washington address for CSC (the CSC office in your jurisdiction may be located through the Secretary of State's website):

Amazon.com, Inc.
Corporation Service Company
300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 304
Tumwater, WA 98501
Attn: Legal Department – Subpoena
Please note also that providing detailed and accurate information at the outset will facilitate efficient processing of your request. That information will include, for example, e-mail and/or credit card number used to make purchases for retail purchase information; the name, e-mail, and physical address of a seller for seller information; device serial number for Amazon devices; and IP address and complete time stamps.

Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit your complaint using our online form. We respond quickly to the concerns of rights owners about any alleged infringement.

If you prefer to submit a report in writing, please provide us with this information:

A physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Amazon's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its site can be reached as follows:

Copyright Agent
Amazon.com Legal Department
P.O. Box 81226
Seattle, WA 98108
phone: (206) 266-4064
fax: (206) 266-7010
e-mail: copyright@amazon.com

Courier address:
Copyright Agent
Amazon.com Legal Department
2021 7th Avenue
Seattle, WA 98121
USA
Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Amazon that your copyrighted material has been infringed.

Home Terms of Service
Share
Introduction

Welcome to atlassolutionsgroup.com. This website is owned and operated by Atlas Solutions Group Inc.. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as ‘User Agreement’), along with the terms and conditions as stated in our Privacy Policy (please refer to the Privacy Policy section below for more information).

This agreement is in effect as of Mar 02, 2015.

We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.

Responsible Use and Conduct

By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide for you, either directly or indirectly (hereafter referred to as ‘Resources’), you agree to use these Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement, and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines.

Wherein, you understand that:

a. In order to access our Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, etc.) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Resources. You agree that any information you provide will always be accurate, correct, and up to date.

b. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account/s.

c. Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means.

d. Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.

e. Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited.

f. You are solely responsible any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you, as explained above, and may incur criminal or civil liability.

g. We may provide various open communication tools on our website, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:

i. Is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;
ii. Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any party;
Iii. Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
Iiii. Impersonates any person or entity, including any atlassolutionsgroup.com employees or representatives.

We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us.

h. We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, provided that it doesn’t violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of Atlas Solutions Group Inc., and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit. This only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described, and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process, necessary in order to use our Resources. All information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy.

i. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Atlas Solutions Group Inc. and its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.

Privacy

Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we’ve created a separate Privacy Policy in order to explain in detail how we collect, manage, process, secure, and store your private information. Our privacy policy is included under the scope of this User Agreement. To read our privacy policy in its entirety, click here.

Limitation of Warranties

By using our website, you understand and agree that all Resources we provide are “as is” and “as available”. This means that we do not represent or warrant to you that:
i) the use of our Resources will meet your needs or requirements.
ii) the use of our Resources will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from errors.
iii) the information obtained by using our Resources will be accurate or reliable, and
iv) any defects in the operation or functionality of any Resources we provide will be repaired or corrected.

Furthermore, you understand and agree that:

v) any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Resources is done at your own discretion and risk, and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content.
vi) no information or advice, whether expressed, implied, oral or written, obtained by you from Atlas Solutions Group Inc. or through any Resources we provide shall create any warranty, guarantee, or conditions of any kind, except for those expressly outlined in this User Agreement.

Limitation of Liability

In conjunction with the Limitation of Warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and/or services.  Atlas Solutions Group Inc. will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using our Resources, or as a result of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply.

Copyrights/Trademarks

All content and materials available on atlassolutionsgroup.com, including but not limited to text, graphics, website name, code, images and logos are the intellectual property of Atlas Solutions Group Inc., and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Any inappropriate use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited, unless specifically authorized by Atlas Solutions Group Inc..

Termination of Use

You agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and Resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this User Agreement. Any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Upon suspension or termination, your right to use the Resources we provide will immediately cease, and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us, including any account or login information.

Governing Law

This website is controlled by Atlas Solutions Group Inc. from our offices located in the state of CA, US. It can be accessed by most countries around the world. As each country has laws that may differ from those of CA, by accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of CA, without regard to the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site.

Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in US, CA You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.

Guarantee

UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSED, Atlas Solutions Group Inc. EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

Contact Information

If you have any questions or comments about these our Terms of Service as outlined above, you can contact us at:

Atlas Solutions Group Inc.
2757 Bromley Drive
San Carlos, CA 94070
US

Badoo’s Terms and Conditions of Use

The Summary

Hello. You should read these terms and conditions in full because they apply every time you visit Badoo and use any of its features. However, just in case you ever need a reminder of the main points, here’s a quick summary:

If you are under the age of 18 then unfortunately you can’t use Badoo yet because it’s a meeting place for adults only.
We’re not responsible for anything that you post, live stream or say while you are on Badoo and we don’t monitor the content of the site, but if we do see or someone alerts us that you have posted something that we think is inappropriate then we are allowed at our discretion to remove it.
If you post any content that actually belongs to someone else and they get annoyed (or even call in their lawyers), we are not in the firing line. You have to take responsibility for what you post.
Please refer to our Community Guidelines and Safety Tips for additional Dos and Don’ts, and information on staying safe.
If you are concerned about how your data is being used by Badoo then please refer to our Privacy Policy, which explains how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use Badoo. By using Badoo, you agree that we can use such data in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Our website and apps also use cookies or similar technologies which we tell you more about here. You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies and local storage devices, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features that Badoo offers.
The full legal bit

Badoo is a social media website and app designed as a forum for meeting new people, a place to have discussions and to share photos, live streaming, news and information. It is intended to be a fun place to visit and it is important to us (and for you) that it remains a safe and friendly environment so you agree that you will only use Badoo in a manner consistent with its purpose and which is in accordance with these terms and conditions, as well as the Badoo Community Guidelines and Safety Tips (the “Terms”). When we mention Badoo, we mean www.badoo.com, together with affiliated websites and applications.

The Terms constitute a binding legal agreement between you as user (“you”) and the Badoo Group (“we” or “us”). The Badoo Group includes, but is not limited to, Badoo Trading Limited (an English company whose registered office is at The Broadgate Tower, Third Floor, 20 Primrose Street, London EC2A 2RS), Social Online Payments Limited (a company incorporated in Ireland under company number 496494) and Social Online Payments, Inc. (a company incorporated in Delaware under company number 5214252).

The Terms apply whenever you visit Badoo, whether or not you have chosen to register with us, so please read them carefully. By accessing, using, registering for or receiving services offered on Badoo you are accepting and agreeing to be bound by the Terms.

IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE TERMS THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE APP OR SITE.

1. Use of the app and site and rules relating to Content

Who can use Badoo?

Badoo is a meeting place for adults. You may only use Badoo, including any of its features, or become a registered member if you are 18 years old or older (or the age of majority in the country in which you reside if that happens to be greater than 18).

You warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into and be bound by the Terms and that by using Badoo you will not be violating any law or regulation of the country in which you are resident. You are solely responsible for your compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations.

You further warrant that you have not been convicted of, nor are subject to any court order relating to assault, violence, sexual misconduct or harassment.

What kind of content can I post or upload on Badoo?

You are able to post or upload all kinds of things on Badoo, including photographs, emails, messages, live streamed audiovisual content and other content (“Content”).

There are some rules about what is acceptable though, so when you are using Badoo you may not post, send or upload any Content which:

contains expletives or language which could be deemed offensive or is likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
is obscene, pornographic or otherwise may offend human dignity;
is abusive, insulting or threatening, or which promotes, depicts or encourages violence, self-harm, suicide, racism, sexism, hatred or bigotry;
encourages any illegal activity including, without limitation, terrorism, inciting racial hatred or the submission of which in itself constitutes committing a criminal offence;
is defamatory;
relates to commercial activities (including, without limitation, sales, competitions and advertising, links to other websites or premium line telephone numbers);
involves the transmission of “junk” mail or “spam”;
impersonates a person, company or brand with the intent to deceive or confuse others;
contains any spyware, adware, viruses, corrupt files, worm programmes or other malicious code designed to interrupt, damage or limit the functionality of or disrupt any software, hardware, telecommunications, networks, servers or other equipment, Trojan horse or any other material designed to damage, interfere with, wrongly intercept or expropriate any data or personal data whether from Badoo or otherwise;
itself, or the posting of which, infringes any third party’s rights (including, without limitation, intellectual property rights and privacy rights);
shows another person where such Content was created or distributed without that person’s knowledge, and without that person having been afforded an opportunity to refuse such creation or distribution; or
contains images of children, even if you are also in the photo, or endangers minors.
Please use your common sense when picking the Content that you choose to post on, upload or send via Badoo because you are solely responsible for, and bear all liability in relation to, such Content. If you repeatedly infringe our rules, you may be prevented from using Badoo and we may disable your account or block you from further use of Badoo. We may remove any Content you submit to Badoo if we believe it violates the Terms or we are required to do so by applicable law.

Are there any rules relating to personal data like my email address?

You may not display any personal contact or banking information on your individual profile page (“Profile”) whether in relation to you or any other person (for example, names, home addresses or postcodes, telephone numbers, email addresses, URLs, credit/debit card or other banking details, or place of work). If you do choose to reveal any personal data about yourself to other users, whether via email or otherwise, it is at your own risk. We encourage you to use the same caution in disclosing details about yourself to third parties online as you would under any other circumstances. You are required to follow our Guidelines and Safety Tips when doing so.

What about other people’s personal data, can I use it?

You may only use other Badoo users’ personal data to the extent that your use of it matches Badoo’s purpose of allowing people to meet one another. When using Badoo Live, you may not film other people, whether or not they are Badoo users, unless you have informed them that the footage will be livestreamed via Badoo Live and given them an opportunity to exclude themselves from the footage. You may not use other users’ information for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, or to make unlawful threats. Badoo reserves the right to terminate your account, or prevent access to its features if you misuse other users’ information.

Some of my friends want to see all the people I’m chatting with. Can I tell them my password and let them log on as me?

The short answer is no. Only you are authorised to access your account with Badoo. You must not share your password with anyone or let anyone else access your account as this jeopardises the security of all of the Content and personal data that you have submitted to Badoo. You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure. If you don’t, Badoo is not liable for any unauthorised access to your account. If you suspect that someone has gained access to your account, you must let us know immediately by visiting Feedback page and telling us of your suspicions or concerns. You must also immediately change your password. Badoo reserves the right to terminate your account if you violate our rules on keeping your password secure.

Who can see the Content that I put on Badoo?

When you upload Content to Badoo it can be accessed and viewed by the general public. If you do not want such Content to be viewed by others, then you can opt to use the private folders and select the person to whom you wish to give access. If you still do not want such Content to be viewed by others, then you should not upload it to Badoo. We reserve the right (without obligation) at our sole discretion and without giving you notice, to remove or edit, limit or block access to any Content that you upload or submit to Badoo without any incurring liability to you. We have no obligation to display any Content that you submit to Badoo, nor to check the accuracy or truthfulness of any Content submitted to Badoo, nor to monitor your use or the use of other users of Badoo.

Anything else I need to know?

When you use Badoo you agree to the Terms, and in return we grant you a limited, personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable licence to use and to upload Content and to use Badoo solely for your personal use. Apart from this licence, you have no other rights in the use of the site, app, or its Content or features, and you may not modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the site or Content in any manner. If you breach any of the Terms, the above licence will terminate automatically and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Content.

2. Ownership of Content

Once I have uploaded Content on Badoo, do I still own it?

Yes (provided you are the rightful owner in the first place — please see our other rules regarding posting Content that doesn’t belong to you).

Please note though that by posting, uploading or sending Content on Badoo you represent and warrant to us that:

you are either the exclusive author or owner of that Content and in all cases you agree that you waive any and all moral rights relating to that Content (including, without limitation, any rights to be identified as the author);
you have been granted a licence that allows you to use, post or upload the Content; or
you have obtained appropriate consent or authority to use, post or upload such Content.
Please note that by posting, uploading or sending Content on Badoo you represent and warrant to us that you have the right to do so, and automatically grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, worldwide licence to use such Content in any way (including, without limitation, editing, copying, modifying, adapting, translating, reformatting, creating derivative works from, incorporating into other works, advertising, distributing and otherwise making available to the general public such Content, whether in whole or in part and in any format or medium currently known or developed in the future).

We may assign and/or sub-license the above licence to our affiliates and successors without any further approval by you.

We have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any Content posted or uploaded by you to our app or site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or of their right to privacy or any other law.

Who does the rest of the Content on Badoo belong to then?

Us! All text, graphics, user interfaces, trademarks, logos, sounds and artwork on Badoo are owned, controlled or licensed by us and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property law rights.

Can I use any of the Content that doesn’t belong to me?

Other than in relation to Content submitted by you to Badoo, you do not have any rights in relation to the Content on Badoo and you agree that you will not use any Content in any manner which may infringe ours or any third party’s rights. This means that you agree that you will not copy, modify, adapt, distribute, publish or sell all or any part of the Badoo site or the Content contained on it (other than the Content submitted by you) to anyone else.

3. Paid for services

What can I buy on Badoo?

Badoo offers you the opportunity to pay for certain services offered on the site. Badoo’s premium services include various opportunities to find and meet additional people, to customise your profile and to boost your profile so more people find you. Badoo also offers the ability to play various games on the site. All of these premium services can be purchased after you register, and you may subscribe to the premium services for various lengths of time.

Once you have paid for any premium services, you have the right to cancel and be reimbursed for all payments received within 14 days. If you wish to cancel please let us know via Feedback Page. Please note that if you choose to download any of the Content which forms part of any paid for service within the 14 day period, you may lose this right. After the 14 days have expired, the paid for services are non-refundable.

You can change your Auto Top-up at anytime in your payment settings on your profile page. The pricing may vary due to a number of factors, such as (but not limited to) promotional offers, loyalty bonuses and other discounts.

How do I renew my premium services with Badoo?

Once you have requested a Badoo premium service, you authorise Badoo to charge your chosen payment method. If you want to cancel or change your payment method at any time, you can do either via the payment settings option under your profile or by contacting your mobile service provider. If your chosen payment method is via your mobile service provider, then please check with them about their payment terms, as their payment terms will govern how payments to Badoo are made as well as how such payments may be changed or cancelled. Your subscription to Badoo’s premium services will automatically renew until you decide to cancel, and if you have enabled the Auto Top-up feature, your account will automatically be topped up until you decide to disable this feature.

Can I transfer any of my paid for services to another Badoo user?

If you elect to partake in any of the games, premium features or range of services designed to improve your Badoo user experience, you agree to use these services for yourself and not to transfer (for free or as a sale) to or purchase, or sell such services from other Badoo users. Badoo reserves the right not to honour any paid for services where you have attempted to transfer those services to another use or you have attempted to buy those services from another user. Badoo will only provide paid for services to you if you are the person to whom it was issued.

Do my credits last forever?

No. We reserve the right to expire any unused credits expire 6 months (unless the credits are purchased through Itunes). If you delete your account or if your account is terminated by us due to breach of these Terms, you will lose any accumulated credits. If you receive free or promotional credits, we may expire them at any time. Credits are not redeemable for any sum of money or monetary value from us unless we agree otherwise in writing.

Please refer to the Service Conditions on your ‘top-up’ page for further details relating to your payments.

4. Access to the app and site

Do you guarantee that Badoo will be up and running at all times?

Unfortunately we can’t guarantee that because sometimes we have to carry out maintenance to the app or site or they may be affected by a fault or circumstances which are outside our control, so Badoo is provided on an “as is” “as available” basis. No warranty is given about the quality, accuracy, functionality, availability or performance of Badoo and we reserve the right to suspend, withdraw, amend, modify or vary the service provided on Badoo without notice and without incurring any liability to you.

What about mobile access?

You are responsible for making all the necessary arrangements to ensure you can access Badoo (including, but not limited to Internet provider and mobile internet provider fees and, any other charges associated with such access). We shall not be held responsible for any reduced functionality you may encounter as result of or in connection with accessing Badoo through mobile services or any similar service currently known or developed in the future.

By accessing Badoo or agreeing to receive messages or notifications from Badoo through your mobile phone and/or any other connected media device, you accept that you may incur charges from your internet or mobile service provider. We shall not under any circumstances be liable for such charges.

I’m not registered and I can’t seem to access some Content or features on the app or site. Why is that?

Non-registered users are able to access only that portion of Badoo that is publicly available. They will not have a Profile but may have limited ability to upload any Content. The extent of registered users’ access to Badoo will depend on certain criteria relating to their Profile being met. We may change or update the criteria from time to time without prior notice and at our discretion.

5. Lookalikes

How does Lookalikes work?

Lookalikes is one feature of the site which is primarily designed to allow you to find people who look similar to celebrities, friends or even you! The feature will return photos of people who look like the person you searched for and who are existing members of Badoo. After using the feature you will be invited to create a Badoo account so that you can contact these “lookalikes” and possibly meet (only if they agree of course!).

If you do use Lookalikes to upload a photo, please remember to remind yourself of our rules on what Content you may upload.

What about other people’s rights when I upload a photo?

We respect other people’s rights, and you should too. We recognise that as well as uploading a photo of yourself to find your lookalike you may wish to upload a photo of someone else to find their lookalike. If you do, then you should get their permission before you upload their photo.

Equally, you should not infringe someone else’s intellectual property rights. For further details on this, please refer to the section “What kind of content can I post or upload on Badoo?”.

Who can see the photo that I upload on Lookalikes?

When you upload a photo to Lookalikes, you may share it with our partners, such as Facebook and Twitter where your photo will be visible on those social media platforms. We are not responsible for, nor do we run these sites, so remember to check their respective privacy policies and terms of use.

6. Badoo Live

How does Badoo Live work?

Badoo Live enables you to create, transmit and view live stream audiovisual content. If you use Badoo Live please remind yourself of our rules on which content you may upload and ensure that you comply with those rules when carrying out any live streaming.

Viewers can use paid features such as gifts and special comments to show appreciation of the quality of the live stream they are watching. For each paid feature sent by the viewer, the broadcaster gets rewarded with tokens determined by Badoo acting in its reasonable discretion.

How do Broadcasters Redeem Tokens?

Tokens can be used to acquire credits to access Badoo’s premium services or to cash-out for actual currency should you meet certain conditions as detailed here in and in the cash-out rules accessible via your account.

Tokens are redeemable 90 days after being earned. The minimum amount required for cash-out and maximum amount of permissible cash out are detailed in the cash-out rules.

The currency of cash-out will be determined by Badoo applying its then current exchange rate which it may change in its sole discretion. Cash-outs may be subject to deductions for refunds and or chargebacks. Badoo’s exchange rate may also change due to the fluctuating value of tokens, which may change between the time they were awarded and the time you decide to cash-out.

Badoo may amend the value of any cash out or withhold any cash-out at its sole discretion.

You must have an active PayPal account or bank account to cash-out. We will not make payment to sanctioned countries.

Your account will be linked to your user account when you cash-out and the payment will be processed following any cash-out request according to the terms of Paypal or your bank. The time until pay-out varies and depends on a number of factors including the terms of Paypal or your bank. Note that Paypal may place any funds in temporary hold where there is insufficient payment history. In such cases, please contact Paypal.

Badoo does not charge a withdrawal fee to cash-out, however transaction fees of Paypal or your bank or FX rates may apply.

Note you are solely responsible for checking the terms of service of Paypal or your bank for policy details and applicability of transaction fees.

Tokens expire 12 months after becoming redeemable.

Taxes

The broadcaster shall be solely responsible for all taxes payable in respect of the cash-out and shall indemnify Badoo and its group companies against any tax liability which arises out of or in connection with the cash-out and Badoo may satisfy such amounts by way of deduction from the amount due.

Tax regulations may require Badoo to collect appropriate tax information from broadcasters or to withhold taxes from payouts in which case we reserve the right to freeze payouts or withhold such amounts as required by law.

Fraud and Termination

All cash-out transactions will be reviewed by Badoo. Badoo takes fraud extremely seriously.

If Badoo terminates your account for cause (including fraud), any outstanding tokens remaining in your account at the time of termination may be irrevocably confiscated, as determined by Badoo in its sole and absolute discretion, in accordance with our termination policy specified below.

What about other people’s rights when I upload live streaming content?

The rights of others in your live stream content are important and we respect them (and expect that you do too).

We have undertaken a legitimate interests assessment. The outcome of this assessment is that, whilst it should not be necessary to obtain a clear consent from any third parties in your livestream content, we require you to notify all third parties prior to shooting the footage, and provide them with an adequate opportunity to be excluded themselves from the footage. When uploading livestream content to Badoo, you are warranting that you have done so.

7. Termination of use by us

My Profile has disappeared and I can’t log in. What’s going on?

Sometimes people forget about the Terms and post Content or act in a way while on Badoo which is not consistent with the purpose of the app or site. If we think that you may be one of those people, then we reserve the right at our sole discretion, at any time and without liability or the need to give you prior notice or to refund any unused services to:

suspend or revoke your registration (where applicable) and your right to access and/or use Badoo or submit any Content to Badoo; and
make use of any operational, technological, legal, or other means available to enforce the Terms (including without limitation blocking specific IP addresses).
We will try (but we are not obliged) to notify you if your access to Badoo and/or your Profile is to be or has been suspended or terminated. Where you have acted contrary to our Terms, we will keep a record of it and may block future attempts by you to use or access Badoo and its features so that we can keep Badoo a fun place.

8. Termination of use by you

They say that you can have too much of a good thing… what do I do if I want to “unregister” myself from Badoo?

If you have registered on Badoo, you can terminate your registration at any time by going to the ‘Settings’ control on Badoo when you are logged in and choosing the ‘delete profile’ link. We save your profile information in case you later decide to restore your account. Many users deactivate their accounts for temporary reasons and in doing so expect us to maintain their information until they return to Badoo. You will therefore be able to restore your account and your profile in its entirety within 30 days of de-activating it. Once your registration is terminated, we have the right to delete any related Content that you have submitted or uploaded on to Badoo. For further details, please refer to our Privacy Policy.

Content that you have uploaded to Badoo, other than your Profile (such as comments or email messages), may still appear on Badoo following termination of your registration.

9. Abuse/Complaints

Someone is not obeying the Terms, who do I tell?

You can report any abuse or complain about Content on Badoo by contacting us via Feedback page, outlining the abuse and or complaint. You can also report a user directly from a profile, by clicking the ‘Report Abuse’ link on their profile, choosing the reason for the complaint and providing us with any additional information you think fit.

We will always try our best to help resolve any issue that you may encounter with our service. If your complaint or dispute remains unresolved, however, you may be eligible to use the European Commission’s online dispute resolution platform here.

10. Privacy Policy

Do you have guidelines in place about what you can do with my personal data?

We process information in accordance with our Privacy Policy which is incorporated into these Terms and Conditions of Use. Please read the terms of our Privacy Policy prior to using Badoo. By using Badoo, you agree to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is true, correct and accurate.

11. Links

Are the links on the app or site anything to do with Badoo?

Badoo may contain links to other sites, resources and purchase opportunities provided by third parties. These links are provided to you for your information only. If you access these links you may be directed to third party sites. These third party sites will have their own terms of use and privacy policies, which may differ from the Terms. The display of links to third party sites does not constitute an endorsement by us of any of the third party content information, sites, or resources provided.

Please note that we have no control over the contents of any third party sites or resources, and we accept no responsibility for them, including (but not limited to) the third party site’s compliance with any applicable laws or regulations.

12. Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability

I forgot the rules about conduct on here and now someone is threatening to sue me. Will your lawyers sort it out?

No. If you act in a way that upsets other users then you have to be responsible for the consequences. We expressly disclaim any and all responsibility and liability for your conduct or the conduct of any other user of Badoo, and expressly disclaim any liability for Content uploaded by you or by any other user.

My friend is a lawyer and says that you can’t exclude liability for everything…

Nothing in the Terms limits or excludes our liability for:

death or personal injury caused by their proven negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;or
any liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Badoo expressly excludes:

all conditions, representations, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and
any liability incurred by you arising from use of Badoo, its services or these Terms, including without limitation for any claims, charges, demands, damages, liabilities, losses or expenses of whatever nature and howsoever direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages (however arising including negligence), loss of use, loss of data, loss caused by a computer or electronic virus, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, wasted management or office time, breach of contract or claims of third parties or other losses of any kind or character, even if Badoo has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, arising out of or in connection with the use of Badoo. This limitation on liability applies to, but is not limited to, the transmission of any disabling device or virus that may infect your equipment, failure or mechanical or electrical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems (e.g., you cannot access your internet service provider), unauthorized access, theft, bodily injury, property damage, operator errors, strikes or other labor problems or any act of god in connection with Badoo including, without limitation, any liability for loss of revenue or income, loss of profits or contracts, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings, loss of goodwill, loss of data, wasted management or office time and any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable whether arising directly or indirectly.
Badoo’s total liability to you in respect of losses arising under or in connection with the Terms, whether in contract, tort (including negligence, breach of statutory duty, or otherwise) shall in no circumstances exceed £20.

What about the reliability of Badoo and the information contained on it?

Badoo has taken reasonable steps to ensure the currency, availability, correctness and completeness of the information contained on Badoo and provides that information on an "as is", "as available" basis. Badoo does not give or make any warranty or representation of any kind about the information contained on Badoo, whether express or implied. Use of Badoo and the materials available on it is at your sole risk. Badoo cannot be held responsible for any loss arising from the transmission, use of data, or inaccurate Content posted by users. You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any material you may obtain from Badoo is free of viruses or other harmful components. You accept that Badoo will not be provided uninterrupted or error free, that defects may not be corrected or that Badoo, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or bugs, spyware, Trojan horses or any similar malicious software. Badoo is not responsible for any damage to your computer hardware, computer software, or other equipment or technology including, but without limitation damage from any security breach or from any virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line or network failure or any other technical or other malfunction. In the unlikely event that any defect is discovered within Badoo, we will use every effort to repair or fix the defect free of charge, without significant inconvenience to you, as soon as practicable.

13. Indemnity

I forgot the rules about conduct on here and now someone is threatening to sue YOU. What now?

If we are sued as a result of your use of Badoo then we have the right to defend or settle the relevant claim as we see fit. If we ask, you will co-operate fully and reasonably as required by us in the defence of any relevant claim.

You agree to hold harmless and indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and licensors from and against any third party claims, damages (actual and/or consequential), actions, proceedings, demands, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable solicitors’ fees) suffered or reasonably incurred by us arising as a result of, or in connection with, your access to and use of Badoo, the uploading or submission of Content to Badoo by you or your conduct, other than in accordance with the Terms or any applicable law or regulation (“Claim”). Badoo retains the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay any and all Claims or causes of action which are brought against us without your prior consent.

14. Miscellaneous

What about all of those standard clauses that you see at the end of most contracts? They’re the best bit!

As you asked so nicely…

The Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be are governed by and construed in accordance with English law. In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Website Terms and Conditions, the English version shall prevail.

We reserve the right to modify, amend or change the Terms at any time (a “Change”). If we do this then the Changes will be posted on this page and we will indicate the effective date of the updates at the bottom of the Terms. In certain circumstances, we may send an email to you notifying you of any Change. You should regularly check this page to take notice of any Changes.

If you do not accept any Change to the Terms, you should stop using Badoo immediately. Your continued use of Badoo following any Change constitutes your acceptance of the Change and you will be legally bound by the new updated Terms.

If, for any reason, any of the Terms are declared to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of a competent jurisdiction, then to the extent that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from the Terms and the remainder of the Terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.

The Terms set out the entire agreement and understanding between us and you in relation to your use of Badoo and supersedes all previous agreements, representations and arrangements between us (either oral or written). Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.

No failure or delay by us in exercising any right, power or privilege under the Terms shall operate as a waiver of such right or acceptance of any variation of the Terms and nor shall any single or partial exercise by either party of any right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of that right or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

Nothing in the Terms shall confer or purport to confer on any other third party, any benefit or the right to enforce any term of the Terms and the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 which shall not apply to the Terms.

About us

www.badoo.com is an app and site owned and operated by Badoo Trading Limited.

We are registered in England under company number 07540255.

Our registered office is at The Broadgate Tower, Third Floor, 20 Primrose Street, London EC2A 2RS.

Effective date

The Terms were last updated on: 11 September 2018.
Terms
When you (“you”) sign up with betterpoints.uk you agree to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement (“Agreement”). 
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully, as they form the Agreement between us (“us”). If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you may not use the Service (“Service”) and should not proceed to register.
User Agreement
This Agreement constitutes your agreement with BetterPoints Limited ("betterpoints.uk") with respect to your use of the Service (“Service”). You must agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement in order to become or remain an authorized user of the Service. As used in this Agreement, "we" and "us" means betterpoints.uk or any successor or assign of betterpoints.uk. 
Right to Use 
Your right to use the Service is subject to any limitations, conditions and restrictions established by us from time to time, in our sole discretion. We may alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time, including the availability of any Service feature, database or content. We may also impose limits on certain features and aspects of the Service or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. 
Age
You represent, warrant and covenant that you are at least 14 years old. 
Code of Conduct 
You agree to use the Service in accordance with the following Code of Conduct:
1.	You will keep all information provided to you through the Service as private and confidential and will not give such information to anyone without the permission of the person who provided it to you;
2.	You will not use the Service to engage in any form of harassment or offensive behaviour, including but not limited to the posting of communications, pictures or recordings which contain libelous, slanderous, abusive or defamatory statements, or racist, pornographic, obscene, or offensive language;
3.	You will not forward chain letters through the Service;
4.	You will not use the Service to infringe the privacy rights, property rights, or any other rights of any person, business or organisation;
5.	You will not transfer points and/ or money, post messages, pictures or recordings or use the Service in any way which
1. is fraudulent or otherwise unlawful or violates any law
2. violates, plagiarises or infringes upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to any copyright or trade-mark law, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights, or
3. could be considered to be pornographic or in ‘bad taste’
6.	You will not use the Service to distribute, promote or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation for funds (which has not been formally approved by betterpoints.uk), advertising or solicitation for goods or services.
7.	You  will not use the Service to distribute or upload any virus, Trojan horses or do anything else that might cause harm to the Service, betterpoints.uk systems or to other members' systems in any way.
8.	You will not post or transmit in any manner any contact information including, but not limited to, email addresses, "instant messenger" nicknames, telephone numbers, postal addresses, URLs, or full names through your publicly posted information.
9.	You will not mention or promote any services similar in nature to betterpoints.uk.
10.	You will maintain only one BetterPoints account. Earning BetterPoints under multiple accounts is strictly forbidden and will result in having one, several or all accounts terminated.
Offers and Transactions
1.	Any transactions you make with any betterpoints.uk members are explicitly between you and those members.
2.	betterpoints.uk accepts no liability whatsoever for the redemption and cost of any fraudulent and/ or counterfeit vouchers or coupons. This is the full responsibility of the merchant and not betterpoints.uk.
3.	All transactions are electronically logged and reported back by a BetterPoints partner. Betterpoints.uk makes every effort to ensure that partners are correctly reporting transactions however we cannot be held responsible should the partners’ systems fail to report back your transaction.
4.	Each offer is governed by individual terms and conditions. Please check with the BetterPoints partner concerned for full details. betterpoints.uk reserves the right to remove or amend any offer at any time without notice.
Your Responsibilities
1.	Members agree to receive regular electronic newsletters, occasionally supplemented by other special offer mailings.
2.	If your account is seen to be dormant (showing no transactions) for 18 months or more, we reserve the right to terminate your account.
Liability
We expressly exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability of betterpoints.uk, its directors, employees or other representatives, howsoever arising, for any loss suffered as a result of your use of this website or involvement in any way with betterpoints.uk. You acknowledge that use of the Service or involvement in any way with betterpoints.uk is entirely at your own risk.
Betterpoints.uk is also not responsible or liable for any reputational goodwill damage or loss to you through being associated with betterpoints.uk by being a member, partner, merchant or any other involvement with betterpoints.uk.
Privacy and Use of Information 
By accessing the services you have also agreed to our Privacy Policy Statement.
You acknowledge that (a) we cannot ensure the security or privacy of information you provide through the Internet and your email messages, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such information by other parties; (b) we are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through the Service; and (c) we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of messages sent by other users of the Service, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any communications you may receive from other users. We cannot guarantee, and assume no responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the information provided by other users of the Service. 
You may not use the Service for any unlawful or immoral purposes. You may not harvest or otherwise collect information about users, including email addresses, without their express consent.
In accessing the Website you agree that you will access the content solely for your personal, non-commercial use. None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder. This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website for personal, non-commercial home use only.
Monitoring of Information 
We reserve the right to monitor all advertisements, public postings and messages to ensure that they conform to the content guidelines which may be applicable from time to time. 
Removal of Information 
While we do not and cannot review every message or other material posted or sent by users of the Service, and are not responsible for any content of these messages or materials, we reserve the right, but are not obligated, to delete, move, or edit messages or materials, including without limitation property profiles, public postings and messages, that we, in our sole discretion, deem to violate the Code of Conduct set out above or any applicable content guidelines, or to be otherwise unacceptable. You shall remain solely responsible for the content of property profiles, public postings, messages and other materials you may upload to the Service or users of the Service. 
Termination of Access to Service 
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Service at any time, with or without notice, for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity, or that may otherwise affect the enjoyment of the Service or the Internet by others may be grounds for termination of your access to all or part of the Service at our sole discretion, and you may be referred to appropriate law enforcement agencies. Any reward value in your account will be immediately forfeited.
Proprietary Information 
The Service contains information which is proprietary to us our partners, and our users. We assert full copyright protection in the Service. Information posted by us, our partners or users of the Service may be protected whether or not it is identified as proprietary to us or to them. You agree not to modify, copy or distribute any such information in any manner whatsoever without having first received the express permission of the owner of such information. All copyright, trade marks and all other intellectual property rights in the Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website) are owned by or licensed to betterpoints.uk or otherwise used by betterpoints.uk as permitted by law.
Service Level
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for suspension of the Service, regardless of the cause of the interruption or suspension. We may discontinue or change the Service or its availability to you at any time and you may stop using the Service at any time.
Security 
Your account is private and should not be used by anyone else. You are responsible for all usage or activity on the Service by users using your password, including but not limited to use of your password by any third party. 
External Links 
This website may include links to other Internet sites/websites and resources and/or services owned and/or operated by participating companies and/or third parties (“External Links”). These are provided for your convenience and we are not responsible for and do not give any warranties or make any representations regarding any External Links and are not responsible for or liable in relation to the content or your use of any External Links. We suggest that you review the terms of use and privacy statement of such External Links prior to use of them. Your use of External Links is therefore entirely at your own risk.
External Causes
betterpoints.uk introduces External Causes (“Causes”) which may result in participation and involvement in person or otherwise in these Causes. We are not responsible for and do not give any warranties or make any representations regarding any Causes that are introduced and do not give any warranties and are not responsible for or liable in relation to involvement in these Causes or any outcome from any involvement. We strongly suggest that you carefully review any Causes prior to any involvement whatsoever and have ensured that you have the necessary insurance in place before any participation with any Causes. This is not the responsibility of betterpoints.uk. You acknowledge that use of the Service and involvement with betterpoints.uk either directly or indirectly is absolutely at your own risk.
betterpoints.uk is also not responsible or liable for any reputational and goodwill damage or loss to you through being associated with betterpoints.uk by being a member, partner, merchant or any other involvement with betterpoints.uk within the area of Causes.
Transfer of Funds or Points to Causes
betterpoints.uk is not responsible for and does not give any warranties or make any representations regarding the Transfer of Funds or Points to Causes (“Transfer of Funds”) in any way whatsoever. betterpoints.uk aims to fully comply with the Governing Law but is not responsible in the event of any misuse of funds, loss of funds, money laundering or any other form of misdemeanour, misuse or error to do with the Transfer of Funds to Causes. You acknowledge that use of the Service and involvement with betterpoints.uk either directly or indirectly is absolutely at your own risk.
betterpoints.uk  is also not responsible or liable for any reputational and goodwill damage or loss to you through being associated with betterpoints.uk by being a member, partner, merchant or any other involvement with betterpoints.uk within the area of Transfer of Funds.
Indemnity 
You agree to indemnify and hold betterpoints.uk its directors, its officers, its employees and agents harmless from and against all liabilities, including without limitation legal fees, damages, losses, costs and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions brought against betterpoints.uk arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions, complaints made by other parties against you or other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you; provided, however, that you shall remain liable for any such claim.
No Warranties
You acknowledge that the Service is provided without any warranties of any kind whatsoever either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge that use of the Service is fully at your own risk. We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any profile, advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Service by betterpoints.uk, our partners or any user of the Service or any other person or entity. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such introduction, opinion, profile, advice, statement or information and any resulting participation or action shall be at your sole risk.
We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any introduction, advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Service by betterpoints.uk or any user of the Service or any other service. Your continued use of the Service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this Agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this Agreement, or any subsequent modifications. We do not make any representations, warranties or terms of any kind in respect of this website or its contents (including, without limitation, any views or comment made) other than those required by law. All information and/or data included in and/or on this website is made available for guidance only. Your use of such information and/or data is therefore entirely at your own risk.
The Service is distributed on an "as is" basis. We do not warrant that this Service will be uninterrupted or error-free. There may be delays, omissions, and interruptions in the availability of the Service.
All information and/or data included in and/or on this website is made available for guidance only.
We expressly exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability of betterpoints.uk, its directors, employees or other representatives, howsoever arising, for any loss suffered as a result of your use of this website or involvement in any way with betterpoints.uk.
Web Content, Opinions and Advice
The contents, including without limitation commentary, blogs, news feeds and advice, of the Website do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making or refraining from making any decision. All content is provided for entertainment and/ or information purposes only, and is not intended, and should not be taken, as specific advice in any particular circumstance.
Modifications 
We may modify this Agreement from time to time. Notification of changes in this Agreement will be posted on the Service or sent via electronic mail, as we may determine in our sole discretion. If you do not agree to any modifications, you should terminate your use of the Service. Your continued use of the Service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this Agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this Agreement, or any subsequent modifications. 
Disclosure and Other Communication 
We reserve the right to send electronic mail to you, for the purpose of informing you of changes or additions to the Service or of any betterpoints.uk related products and services. We reserve the right to disclose information about your usage of the Service and demographics in forms that do not reveal your personal identity. And by your use of the Service, you consent to such disclosures and communications subject to the terms of our Privacy Statement. 
Governing Law 
This policy and consent forms part of our website terms of use and as such it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. You irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any dispute or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to this policy and consent or otherwise to the use of your personal data, and that the laws of England and Wales shall govern such dispute or claim. However, we retain the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that infringement of our intellectual property rights or breach of those terms is taking place or originating. You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this website. We operate this website from England and make no representation or warranty that the information contained herein is appropriate or available for use in other locations including England and Wales. 
Assignment 
You do not have the right to assign this Agreement or any of your rights to the Service to anyone. betterpoints.uk has the right to assign any or all of its rights and duties under this Agreement or to the Service to any third party. At the election of betterpoints.uk, if betterpoints.uk's obligations hereunder are assumed by a third party, betterpoints.uk shall be relieved of any and all liability under this Agreement.
Company Registered Address
BetterPoints Ltd, Synergis House, Crockhamwell Road, Woodley RG5 3LE.
Betterpoints.uk is the trading name of BetterPoints Limited Registered in England and Wales No: 7356214.
Links


Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies policy

1.    Subject
Comuto SA (hereinafter referred to as “BlaBlaCar”) has developed a carpooling platform accessible on a website at the address www.blablacar.co.uk or in the form of a mobile application, and designed to put drivers travelling to a given destination in contact with passengers going in the same direction, in order to enable them to share the Trip and therefore the associated costs (hereinafter referred to as the “Platform”).

These terms and conditions have the purpose of governing access to and the terms of use of the Platform. Please read them carefully. You understand and recognise that BlaBlaCar is not party to any agreement, contract or contractual relations, of any nature, entered into between the Members of its Platform.

By clicking “Login with Facebook” or “Register with an email address”, you recognise having read and accepted all these general conditions of use.

2.    Definitions
In this document,

“Advert” means an advertisement about a Trip posted on the Platform by a Driver;

“BlaBlaCar” has the meaning given to it in Article 1 above;

“T&Cs” means these Terms and Conditions;

“Account” means the account that must be created in order to become a Member and access certain services offered by the Platform;

“Facebook Account” has the meaning given to it in Article 3.2 below;

“Driver” means the Member using the Platform, to offer to transport another individual in exchange for the Cost Contribution, for a Trip and at a time defined by the Driver alone;

“Booking Confirmation” has the meaning given to it in Article 4.2.1 below;

“Member Content” has the meaning given to it in Article 11.2 below

“Service Fee” has the meaning given to it in Article 5.2 below;

“Member” means any individual having created an Account on the Platform;

“Passenger” means the Member having accepted the offer to be transported by the Driver or, where applicable, the person on whose behalf a Member has booked a Seat;

“Cost Contribution” means, for a given Trip, the sum of money requested by the Driver and accepted by the Passenger for his contribution to the travel costs;

“Seat” means the seat booked by a Passenger in the Driver’s vehicle;

“Platform” has the meaning given to it in Article 1 above;

“Booking” has the meaning given to it in Article 4.2.1. below;

“Services” means all services delivered by BlaBlaCar via the Platform;

“Website” means the website accessible at the address www.blablacar.co.uk;

“Leg” has the meaning given to it in Article 4.1 below;

“Trip” means the journey subject of an Advert published by a Driver on the Platform, and for which he agrees to transport Passengers in exchange for the Cost Contribution;

“Trip with Booking” has the meaning given to it in Article 4.2.1 below;

“Trip without Booking” has the meaning given to it in Article 4.2.2 below;

3.    Registration on the Platform and creation of an Account
3.1.    Conditions of registration on the Platform
The Platform may be used by individuals aged 18 or over. Registration on the platform by a minor is strictly prohibited. In accessing, using or registering on the Platform, you represent and warrant that you are aged 18 or over.

3.2.    Creation of an Account
The Platform enables Members to post and view Adverts and to interact with each other to book a Seat. You can view the Adverts if you are not registered on the Platform. However, you cannot post an Advert or book a Seat without having first created an Account and become a Member.

To create your Account, you can:

(i)    either complete all mandatory fields on the registration form;
(ii)    or log in to your Facebook account via our Platform (hereinafter referred to as your “Facebook Account”). In using such functionality, you understand that BlaBlaCar will have access to, will publish on the Platform, and will keep certain information from your Facebook Account. You can delete the link between your Account and your Facebook Account at any time through the “Verifications” section of your profile. If you wish to find out more about the use of your data from your Facebook Account, read our Privacy Policy and that of Facebook.
To register on the Platform, you must have read and accepted these T&Cs and the Privacy Policy.

When creating your Account, regardless of the method chosen, you agree to provide accurate and true information, and to update it through your profile or by notifying BlaBlaCar, in order to guarantee its relevance and accuracy throughout your contractual relations with BlaBlaCar.

In the case of registration by email, you agree to keep secret the password chosen upon creating your Account and not to communicate it to anybody. If you lose or disclose your password, you undertake to inform BlaBlaCar immediately. You alone are responsible for the use of your Account by third parties, unless you have expressly notified BlaBlaCar of the loss, the fraudulent use by a third party, or the disclosure of your password to a third party.

You agree not to create or use, under your own identity or that of a third party, Accounts other than that initially created.

3.3.    Verification
BlaBlaCar may, for the purposes of transparency, improving trust, or prevention or detection of fraud, set up a system for verification of some of the information you provide on your profile. This is notably the case when you enter your telephone number or provide us with an Identity document.

You recognise and accept that any reference on the Platform or the Services to “verified” information, or any similar term, means only that a Member has successfully passed the verification procedure existing on the Platform or the Services in order to provide you with more information about the Member with whom you are considering travelling. BlaBlaCar cannot guarantee the truthfulness, reliability or validity of the information subject of the verification procedure.

4.    Use of the Services
4.1.    Posting Adverts
As Member, and providing you fulfil the conditions below, you can create and post Adverts on the Platform by entering information about the Trip you intend to make (dates/times and collection points and arrival, number of seats offered, options available, amount of the Cost Contribution, etc.).

When posting your Advert, you can indicate the milestone cities in which you agree to stop, to pick up or drop off Passengers. The sections of the Trip between these milestone cities or between one of these milestone towns and the collection point or destination of the Trip constitute “Legs”.

You are only authorised to post an Advert if you fulfil all the following conditions:

(i)    you hold a valid driving licence;
(ii)    you only offer Adverts for vehicles you own or use with the express permission of the owner, and in all cases that you are authorised to use for the purposes of carpooling;
(iii)    you are and remain the main driver of the vehicle subject of the Advert;
(iv)    the vehicle has valid third party insurance;
(v)    you have no contraindication or medical incapacity for driving;
(vi)    the vehicle you intend to use for the Trip is a touring car with 4 wheels and a maximum of 7 seats;
(vii)    you do not intend posting another advert for the same Trip on the Platform;
(viii)    you do not offer more Seats than the number available in your vehicle;
(ix)    all Seats offered have a seatbelt, even if the vehicle is approved with seats having no seatbelt;
(x)    to use a vehicle in good working order and which complies with the applicable legal provisions and customs, notably with an up-to-date MoT certificate.
You recognise that you are solely responsible for the content of the Advert you post on the Platform. Consequently, you represent and warrant the accuracy and truthfulness of all information contained in your Advert, and you undertake to fulfil the Trip under the conditions described in your Advert.

Providing your Advert complies with the T&Cs, it will be posted on the Platform and therefore visible to Members and all visitors, even non-members, conducting a search on the Platform or on the website of BlaBlaCar’s partners. BlaBlaCar reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without notice, to not post or to remove, at any time, any Advert that does not comply with the T&Cs or that it considers as damaging to its image, that of the Platform, or that of the Services.

You recognise and accept that the criteria taken into account in the classification and the order of display of your Advert among the other Adverts are at the sole discretion of BlaBlaCar.

4.2.    Booking a Seat
The methods of booking of a Seat depend on the nature of the Trip envisaged. For some Trips, BlaBlaCar has set up an online booking system.

4.2.1.    Trip with Booking

BlaBlaCar has set up a system for booking Seats online (“Booking”) for some Trips offered on the Platform (“Trips with Booking”).

Eligibility of a Trip for the Booking system remains at the sole discretion of BlaBlaCar, which reserves the right to modify these conditions at any time.

When a Passenger is interested in an Advert benefiting from Booking, he may make an online Booking request. This Booking request is either (i) accepted automatically (if the Driver chose this option when posting his Advert), or (ii) accepted manually by the Driver. At the time of the Booking, the Passenger makes online payment of the Cost Contribution and the related Service Fees, where applicable. After receipt of the payment by BlaBlaCar and validation of the Booking request by the Driver, where applicable, the Passenger receives a Booking Confirmation (the “Booking Confirmation”).

If you are a Driver and have chosen to handle manually the Bookings requests when posting your Advert, you are required to respond to any Booking request within the timeframe specified by the Passenger during the Booking request. Otherwise, the Booking request will expire automatically and the Passenger shall be refunded all sums paid at the time of the Booking request, if any.

At the time of the Booking Confirmation, BlaBlaCar will send you the telephone number of the Driver (if you are the Passenger) or of the Passenger (if you are the Driver). You are then solely responsible for executing the contract binding you to the other Member.

4.2.2.    Trip without Booking

For journeys not benefiting from the online system for booking Seats (“Trips without Booking”), BlaBlaCar offers a free service (i.e. without Service Fee) enabling the Passenger to send a message to the Driver of a Trip he may be interested in. At the time of sending this message, BlaBlaCar will send you the telephone number of the Driver (if you are the Passenger) or of the Passenger (if you are the Driver), if the Member agreed to display his/her phone number. You are then solely responsible for arranging the details of the Trip with the other Member, and you alone assume the risks linked to cancellations, changes of the details of the journey, and non-payment of the Cost Contribution.

4.2.3.    Named nature of the Seat booking and terms of use of the Services on behalf of a third party

Any use of the Services, in the capacity of Passenger or Driver, relates to a specific name. The Driver and the Passenger must correspond to the identity communicated to BlaBlaCar and the other Members participating in the Trip.

However, BlaBlaCar allows its Members to book one or more Seats on behalf of a third party. In this case, you undertake to accurately indicate to the Driver, at the time of the Booking or when sending the message to the Driver (in the context of a Trip without Booking), the forenames, age and telephone number of the person on whose behalf you are reserving a Seat. It is strictly prohibited to book a Seat for a minor under the age of 13 travelling alone. In the case where you are reserving a seat for a minor over the age of 13 travelling alone, you undertake to request the prior agreement of the Driver and to provide him with duly completed and signed permission of his/her legal representatives.

In addition, the Platform is intended for the booking of Seats for individuals. It is forbidden to book a Seat for transporting any object, package, animal traveling alone or material items whatsoever.

Furthermore, it is prohibited to publish an Advert for a Driver other than you.

4.3.    Review system
4.3.1.    Operation

BlaBlaCar encourages you to leave a review about a Driver (if you are a Passenger) or about a Passenger (if you are a Driver) with whom you have shared a Trip or with whom you were supposed to share a Trip. However, you are not permitted to leave a review about another Passenger if you were a Passenger, or about a Member with whom you have not travelled or with whom you were not supposes to travel.

Your review, and the review left by another Member about you, if any,, are only visible and published on the Platform after the shorter of the following periods: (i) immediately after you have both left a review, or (ii) after a period of 14 days following the first review..

You have the option of responding to a review that another Member has left on your profile in a 14-day delay following the date of the review received. The review and your response, where applicable, will be published on your profile.

4.3.2.    Moderation

You recognise and accept that BlaBlaCar reserves the right not to publish or to delete any review, any question, any comment or any response if it deems its content breaches these T&Cs.

4.3.3.    Limit

BlaBlaCar reserves the right to suspend your Account, limit your access to the Services, or terminate these T&Cs in the case where (i) you have received at least three reviews and (ii) the average review you have received is less than or equal to 3.

5.    Financial conditions
Access to and registration on the Platform, as well as searching, viewing and posting Adverts, are free of charge. However, the Booking is charged under the conditions described below.

5.1.    Cost Contribution
The Cost Contribution is determined by you, as Driver, under your sole responsibility. It is strictly prohibited to profit in any way from using our Platform. Consequently, you agree to limit the Cost Contribution you ask your Passengers to pay to the costs you actually incur to make the Trip. Otherwise, you alone will bear the risks of recharacterization of the transaction completed via the Platform.

When you post an Advert, BlaBlaCar will suggest an amount of for the Cost Contribution, which notably takes account of the nature of the Trip and the distance travelled. This amount is given purely as a guideline and it is up to you to increase it or reduce it to take account of the costs you actually incur on the Trip. To avoid abuse, BlaBlaCar limits the possibility of adjustment of the Cost Contribution.

5.2.    Service Fees
In the context of Trips with Booking, BlaBlaCar, in exchange for use of the Platform, at the time of Booking, shall collect service fees (hereinafter referred to as the “Service Fees”) calculated on the basis of the Cost Contribution. The methods of calculation of the Service Fees in force can be found here.

The Service Fees are collected by BlaBlaCar for each Seat subject of a Booking by a Passenger.

In the case of cross-border journeys, please note that the methods of calculation of the amount of the Service Fees and the applicable VAT vary according to the residence of the Passenger.

When using the Platform for cross-border trips or out of the United Kingdom, the Service Fees may be charged by an affiliate company of BlaBlaCar operating the local platform.

5.3.    Rounding
You recognise and accept that BlaBlaCar may, at its full discretion, round up or down the Service Fees and the Cost Contribution.

5.4.    Methods of payment and repayment of the Cost Contribution to the Driver
5.4.1.    Collection mandate

In using the Platform as Driver for Trips with Booking, you confer on BlaBlaCar a collection mandate for the Cost Contribution in your name and on your behalf.

Consequently, in the context of a Trip with Booking, and after manual or automatic acceptance of the Booking, BlaBlaCar shall collect the whole of the sum paid by the Passenger (Service Fees and Cost Contribution).

The Cost Contributions received by BlaBlaCar are deposited in an account dedicated to payment of the Drivers.

You recognise and accept that none of the sums received by BlaBlaCar in the name and on behalf of the Driver gives entitlement to interest. You agree to respond diligently to any request of BlaBlaCar, and more generally of any administrative or court authority competent particularly in the prevention or combating of money laundering. Notably, you agree to provide, on simple request, any useful evidence of address and/or identity.

In the absence of response to these requests, BlaBlaCar may take any measure it deems appropriate, notably freezing of the sums paid and/or suspension of your Account and/or termination of these T&Cs.

5.4.2.    Payment of the Cost Contribution to the Driver

After the Trip, the Passengers shall have a period of 24 hours after the end of the Trip to submit a claim on the Trip to BlaBlaCar. In the absence of claim of the Passengers within this period, BlaBlaCar shall consider the Trip confirmed.

From the time of this express or tacit confirmation, you shall have, as Driver, a credit payable on your Account. This credit corresponds to the total amount paid by the Passenger at the time of confirmation of the Booking reduced by the Service Fees, i.e. the Cost Contribution paid by the Passenger.

When the Trip is confirmed by the Passenger, you have the option, as a Driver, of giving instructions to BlaBlaCar to pay the money to your bank account (by entering your bank details in advance in your Account) or your PayPal account (by entering your PayPal email address in advance in your Account).

The payment order in your name will be sent on the first working day after your request or, if you do not so request, the first working day after the provision of the sums in question to your profile (providing BlaBlaCar has your bank information).

At the end of the applicable time limitation periods, any sum not claimed from BlaBlaCar shall be deemed to belong to BlaBlaCar.

6.    Non-commercial and non-business purpose of the Services and the Platform
You agree to use the Services and the Platform only to be put into contact, on a non-business and non-commercial basis, with people wishing to share a Trip with you.

As Driver, you agree not to request a Cost Contribution higher than the costs you actually incur and that may generate a profit, being specified that in the context of a cost sharing, you have to bear as a Driver your own part of the costs induced by the Trip. You are solely responsible for calculating the costs you incur for the Trip and for checking that the amount requested of your Passengers does not exceed the costs you actually incur (excluding your share of the costs).

BlaBlaCar reserves the right to suspend your Account in the case where you use a chauffeur-driven or other business vehicle or taxi, or a company car, and due to this, generate a profit from the Platform. You agree to provide to BlaBlaCar, on its simple request, a copy of your car registration certificate and/or any other document showing that you are authorised to use this vehicle on the Platform and are not drawing any profit therefrom.

BlaBlaCar also reserves the right to suspend your Account, limit your access to the Services, or terminate these T&Cs, in the case of activity by you on the Platform which, owing to the nature of the Trips offered, their frequency, the number of Passengers carried and the Cost Contribution requested, entails a situation of profit for you, or for any reason suggesting to BlaBlaCar that you are generating a profit on the Platform.

7.    Cancellation policy
7.1.    Terms of repayment in the case of cancellation
Only Trips with Booking are the subject of this cancellation policy; BlaBlaCar does not offer any guarantee, of any nature, in the case of cancellation for any reason, by a Passenger or a Driver, of a Trip without Booking.

The cancellation of a Seat on a Trip with Booking by the Driver or the Passenger after Booking Confirmation is subject to the stipulations hereunder:

–    In the case of cancellation owing to the Driver, the Passenger is refunded the whole of the sum paid (i.e. the Cost Contribution and the related Service Fees). This is notably the case when Driver cancels a Trip or has not arrived at the meeting point 15 minutes after the agreed time;

–    In the case of cancellation owing to the Passenger:

 If the Passenger cancels more than 24 hours before the planned departure time as mentioned in the Advert, the Passenger shall only be refunded the Cost Contribution. The Service Fees are retained by BlaBlaCar and the Driver does not receive any sum of any nature;
If the Passenger cancels 24 hours or less before the planned departure time as mentioned in the Advert, and more than thirty minutes after the Booking Confirmation, the Passenger shall be refunded half the Cost Contribution paid at the time of Booking, the Service Fees are retained by BlaBlaCar, and the Driver receives 50% of the Cost Contribution;
If the Passenger cancels 24 hours or less before the planned departure time, as mentioned in the Advert, and thirty minutes or less after the Booking Confirmation, the Passenger is refunded the whole of the Cost Contribution. The Service Fees are retained by BlaBlaCar and the Driver does not receive any sum of any nature;
If the Passenger cancels after the planned departure time as mentioned in the Advert, or if he has not arrived at the meeting place 15 minutes after the agreed time, no refund shall be issued. The Driver shall be compensated with the whole of the Cost Contribution and the Service Fees are kept by BlaBlaCar.
When cancellation occurs before departure and owing to the Passenger, the Seat(s) cancelled by the Passenger shall be automatically made available to other Passengers, who may book them online and they are accordingly subject to the conditions of these T&Cs.
BlaBlaCar appreciates, in its sole discretion, on the basis of the available information, the legitimacy of the reimbursement requests.

7.2.    Right of withdrawal
You have no right of withdrawal from the time of Booking Confirmation provided the Contract between you and BlaBlaCar consisting of putting you in contact with another Member has been fully executed.

8.    Behaviour of users of the Platform and Members
8.1.    Undertaking of all users of the Platform
You recognise being solely responsible for respecting all laws, regulations and obligations applicable to your use of the Platform.

Furthermore, when using the Platform and during Trips, you undertake:

(i)    not to use the Platform for professional, commercial or profit-making purposes;
(ii)    not to send BlaBlaCar (notably upon creation or updating of your Account) or the other Members any false, misleading, malicious or fraudulent information;
(iii)    not to speak or behave in any way or post any content on the Platform of a defamatory, injurious, obscene, pornographic, vulgar, offensive, aggressive, uncalled-for, violent, threatening, harassing, racist or xenophobic nature, or with sexual connotations, inciting violence, discrimination or hatred, encouraging activities or the use of illegal substances, or more generally contrary to the purposes of the Platform, that may infringe the rights of BlaBlaCar or a third party or contrary to good morals;
(iv)    not to infringe the rights and image of BlaBlaCar, notably its intellectual property rights;
(v)    not to open more than one Account on the Platform and not to open an Account in the name of a third party;
(vi)   not to try to bypass the online booking system of the Platform, notably by trying to send another Member your contact details in order to make the booking outside of the Platform and avoid paying the Service Fees;
(vii)    not to contact another Member, notably via the Platform, for a purpose other than defining the terms of the carpooling;
(viii)    not to accept or make payment outside of the Platform, save in the cases authorised by these T&Cs in the case of Trips without Booking;
(ix)    to comply with these T&Cs and the Privacy Policy.
8.2.    Undertakings of the Drivers
Furthermore, when you use the Platform as Driver, you undertake:

(i)    to respect all laws, regulations and codes applicable to driving and the vehicle, notably to hold civil liability insurance valid at the time of the Trip and to be in possession of a valid driving licence;
(ii)    to check that your insurance covers carpooling and that your Passengers are considered as third parties in your vehicle and are therefore covered by your insurance during the whole Trip, even if cross-border;
(iii)    not to take any risk when driving, not to take any product that may impair your attention and your abilities to drive vigilantly and completely safely;
(iv)    to post Adverts corresponding only to Trips actually planned;
(v)    to make the Trip as described in the Advert (notably with regard to using or not using the motorway) and to respect the times and places agreed with the other Members (notably meeting place and drop-off point);
(vi)    not to take more Passengers than the number of Seats indicated in the Advert;
(vii)    to use a vehicle in good working order and which complies with the applicable legal provisions and customs, notably with an up-to-date MoT certificate;
(viii)    to communicate to BlaBlaCar or any Passenger who so requests your driving licence, your car registration certificate, your insurance certificate, your MoT certificate and any document demonstrating your capacity to use the vehicle as Driver on the Platform;
(ix)    in the case of holdup or change to the time or the Trip, to inform your Passengers without delay;
(x)    in the case of a cross-border Trip, to hold and keep available to the Passenger and any authority that may so request any document evidencing your identity and your right to cross the border;
(xi)    to wait for Passengers at the agreed meeting place for at least 15 minutes after the agreed time;
(xii)    not to post an Advert relative to a vehicle you do not own or that you are not authorised to use for the purposes of carpooling;
(xiii)    to ensure you can be contacted by your Passengers by phone on the number registered on your profile;
(xiv)    not to generate any profit via the Platform;
(xv)    not to have any contraindication or medical incapacity for driving;
(xvi)    to behave appropriately and responsibly during the Trip, and in compliance with the spirit of carpooling;
(xvii)    not to decline any Booking based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, physical appearance, marital status, pregnancy, special vulnerability due to their economic situation, name, place of residence, health, political opinion, age.
8.3.    Undertakings of the Passengers
When you use the Platform as Passenger, you undertake:

(i)    to adopt appropriate behaviour during the Trip so as not to hinder the concentration or driving of the Driver or the peace and quiet of the other Passengers;
(ii)    to respect the Driver’s vehicle and its cleanliness;
(iii)    in the case of holdup, to inform the Driver without delay;
(iv)    in the case of Trips without Booking, to pay the Driver the agreed Cost Contribution;
(v)    to wait for the Driver at the meeting place for at least 15 minutes beyond the agreed time;
(vi)    to communicate to BlaBlaCar, or any Driver who so asks, your identity card or any document evidencing your identity;
(vii)    not to carry during a Trip any item, goods, substance or animal that could hinder the driving and concentration of the Driver, or the nature, possession or carriage of which is contrary to the legal provisions in force;
(viii)    in the case of a cross-border Trip, to hold and keep available to the Driver and any authority that may so request any document evidencing your identity and your right to cross the border;
(ix)    to ensure you can be contacted by the Driver by phone on the number registered on your profile, including at the meeting point.
In the event where you have made a Booking for one or more Seats on behalf of third parties, in compliance with the stipulations of Article 4.2.3 above, you guarantee respect by this third party for the stipulations of this article, and generally these T&Cs. BlaBlaCar reserves the right to suspend your Account, limit your access to the Services, or terminate these T&Cs, in the case of breach by the third party on whose behalf you have booked a Seat under these T&Cs.

9.    Suspension of accounts, limitation of access and termination
You can terminate your contractual relations with BlaBlaCar at any time, without cost and without reason. To do this, simply go to the “Close my account” tab of your Profile page.

In the event of (i) breach by you of these T&Cs, including but limited to your obligations as Member mentioned in Articles 6 and 8 above, (ii) exceeding the limit set out in Article 4.3.3 above, or (iii) if BlaBlaCar has genuine reason to believe that this is necessary to protect its security and its integrity, that of the Members or third parties, or for the purpose of prevention of fraud or investigations, BlaBlaCar reserves the right to:

(i)    terminate the T&Cs binding you with BlaBlaCar immediately and without notice; and/or
(ii)    prevent the posting of or remove any review, Advert, message, content, Booking request, or any content posted by you on the Platform; and/or
(iii)    limit your access and your use of the Platform; and/or
(iv)    temporarily or permanently suspend your Account.
When this is necessary, you will be notified of the establishment of such measure in order to enable you to give explanations to BlaBlaCar. BlaBlaCar will decide, at its sole discretion, whether or not to lift the measures put in place.

10.    Personal data
In the context of your use of the Platform, BlaBlaCar will collect and process some of your personal data. In using the Platform and registering as Member, you recognise and accept the processing of your personal data by BlaBlaCar in compliance with the applicable law and the stipulations of the Privacy Policy.

11.    Intellectual property
11.1.    Content published by BlaBlaCar
Subject to the contents provided by its Members, BlaBlaCar is the sole holder of all intellectual property rights relating to the Service, the Platform, its content (notably texts, images, designs, logos, videos, sounds, data, graphics) and to the software and databases ensuring their operation.

BlaBlaCar grants you a non-exclusive, personal and non-transferable right to use the Platform and the Services, for your personal and private use, on a non-commercial basis and in compliance with the purposes of the Platform and the Services.

You are prohibited from any other use or exploitation of the Platform and Services, and their content, without the prior written permission of BlaBlaCar. Notably, you are prohibited from:

(i)    reproducing, modifying, adapting, distributing, publicly representing and disseminating the Platform, the Services and the content, with the exception of that expressly authorised by BlaBlaCar;
(ii)    decompiling and reverse engineering the Platform or Services, subject to the exceptions stipulated by the texts in force;
(iii)    extracting or attempting to extract (notably using data mining robots or any other similar data collection tool) a substantial part of the data of the Platform.
11.2.    Content posted by you on the Platform
In order to enable the provision of the Services, and in compliance with the purpose of the Platform, you grant BlaBlaCar a non-exclusive licence to use the content and data you provide in the context of your use of the Services (hereinafter referred to as your “Member Content”). In order to enable BlaBlaCar to distribute via the digital network and in accordance with any communication protocol (notably internet and mobile network), and to provide the content of the Platform to the public, you authorise BlaBlaCar, for the whole world and throughout the duration of your contractual relations with BlaBlaCar, to reproduce, represent, adapt and translate your Member Content as follows:

(i)    you authorise BlaBlaCar to reproduce all or part of your Member Content on any digital recording media, known or as yet unknown, and notably on any server, hard disk, memory card, or any other equivalent media, in any format and by any process, known or as yet unknown, to the extent necessary to any operation of storage, backup, transmission or download linked to the operation of the Platform and the provision of the Service;
(ii)    you authorise BlaBlaCar to adapt and translate your Member Content, and to reproduce these adaptations on any digital media, current or future, stipulated in point (i) above, with the aim of providing the Services, notably in different languages. This right notably includes the option to make modifications to the formatting of your Member Content, with respect for your moral right, for the purposes of respecting the graphics charter of the Platform and/or making it technically compatible with a view to its publication via the Platform.
12.    Role of BlaBlaCar
The Platform constitutes an online networking platform on which the Members can create and post Adverts for Trips for the purposes of carpooling. These Adverts can notably be viewed by the other Members to find out the terms of the Trip, and where applicable, to directly book a Seat in the vehicle in question with the Member having posted the Advert on the Platform.

In using the Platform and in accepting these T&Cs, you recognise that BlaBlaCar is not party to any agreement entered into between you and the other Members with a view to sharing the costs relating to a Trip.

BlaBlaCar has no control over the behaviour of its Members and the users of the Platform. It does not own, exploit, supply or manage the vehicles subject of the Adverts, and it does not offer any Trips on the Platform.

You recognise and accept that BlaBlaCar does not control the validity, truthfulness or legality of the Adverts, Seats and Trips offered. In its capacity of carpooling intermediary, BlaBlaCar does not provide any transport service and does not act in the capacity of carrier; the role of BlaBlaCar is limited to facilitating access to the Platform.

The Members (Drivers or Passengers) act under their sole and full responsibility.

In its capacity of intermediary, BlaBlaCar cannot be held liable for the effective occurrence of a Trip, and notably owing to:

(i)    erroneous information communicated by the Driver in his Advert, or by any other means, with regard to the Trip and its terms;
(ii)    cancellation or modification of a Trip by a Member;
(iii)    non-payment of the Cost Contribution by a Passenger in the context of a Trip without Booking;
(iv)    the behaviour of its Members during, before or after the Trip.
13.    Operation, availability and functionalities of the Platform
BlaBlaCar shall try as far as possible to maintain the Platform accessible 7 days a week and 24 hours a day. Nevertheless, access to the Platform may be temporarily suspended, without notice, owing to technical maintenance, migration or update operations, or owing to outages or constraints linked to the operation of the network.

Furthermore, BlaBlaCar reserves the right to modify or suspend all or part of access to the Platform or its functionalities, at its sole discretion, temporarily or permanently.

14.    Modification of the T&Cs
These T&Cs and the documents integrated by reference express the entire agreement between you and BlaBlaCar relative to your use of the Services. Any other document, notably any mention on the Platform (FAQ, etc.), is for guideline purposes only.

BlaBlaCar may modify these T&Cs in order to adapt to its technological and commercial environment, and to comply with the legislation in force. Any modification to these T&Cs will be published on the Platform with mention of the date of effect, and you will be notified by BlaBlaCar before it takes effect.

15.    Applicable law – Dispute
These T&Cs are written in English and subject to English law.

You can also, if necessary, present your complaints relative to our Platform or our Services on the dispute resolution platform placed online by the European Commission, accessible here. The European Commission will send your complaint to the competent national ombudsman. In compliance with the rules applicable to mediation, you are bound, before any request for mediation, to have notified BlaBlaCar in writing of any dispute in order to obtain an amicable solution.

16.    Legal notices
The Platform is published by Comuto SA, limited company with a share capital of 131,962,087 euros, registered with the Companies Register of Paris under number 491.904.546 (VAT number: FR76491904546), with its registered office at 84, avenue de la République, 75011 Paris (France), represented by its President, Frédéric Mazzella, Website Publication Director.

The Website is hosted on the Comuto SA servers.

For any question, you can contact Comuto SA using this contact form.

Version dated 24 April 2017
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions, as may be amended from time to time, apply to all our services directly or indirectly (through distributors) made available online, through any mobile device, by email or by telephone. <pinc>By accessing, browsing and using our (mobile) website or any of our applications through whatever platform (hereafter collectively referred to as the "website") and/or by completing a reservation, you acknowledge and agree to have read, understood and agreed to the terms and conditions set out below (including the privacy statement).</pinc>

These pages, the content and infrastructure of these pages, and the online reservation service provided on these pages and through the website are owned, operated and provided by Booking.com B.V. and are provided for your personal, non-commercial use only, subject to the terms and conditions set out below.

0. Definitions

"Booking.com", "us", "we" or "our" means Booking.com B.V., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, and having its registered address at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE, Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

"Platform" means the (mobile) website and app on which the Service is made available owned, controlled, managed, maintained and/or hosted by Booking.com.

"Service" means the online reservation service (including the facilitation of payments) of various products and services as from time to time made available by Suppliers on the Platform.

"Supplier" means the provider of accommodation (e.g. hotel, motel, apartment, bed & breakfast), (theme) parks, attractions, museums, sightseeing tours, cruises, rail and coach tours, transfers, tour operators, insurances, and any other travel or related product or service as from time to time available for reservation on the Platform.

1. Scope of our Service

Through the Platform, we (Booking.com B.V. and its affiliate (distribution) partners) provide an online platform through which Suppliers can advertise their products and service for reservation, and through which visitors of the Platform can make such reservations (i.e. the reservation service). By making a reservation through Booking.com, you enter into a direct (legally binding) contractual relationship with the Supplier with which you make a reservation or purchase a product or service (as applicable). From the point at which you make your reservation, we act solely as an intermediary between you and the Supplier, transmitting the details of your reservation to the relevant Supplier(s) and sending you a confirmation email for and on behalf of the Supplier.

When rendering our Service, the information that we disclose is based on the information provided to us by Suppliers. As such, the Suppliers are given access to an extranet through which they are fully responsible for updating all rates, availability and other information which is displayed on our Platform. Although we will use reasonable skill and care in performing our Service, we will not verify if, and cannot guarantee that, all information is accurate, complete or correct, nor can we be held responsible for any errors (including manifest and typographical errors), any interruptions (whether due to any (temporary and/or partial) breakdown, repair, upgrade or maintenance of our Platform or otherwise), inaccurate, misleading or untrue information or non-delivery of information. Each Supplier remains responsible at all times for the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the (descriptive) information (including the rates and availability) displayed on our Platform. Our Platform does not constitute and should not be regarded as a recommendation or endorsement of the quality, service level, qualification or (star) rating of any Supplier (or its facilities, venue, products or services) made available.

Our Service is made available for personal and non-commercial use only. Therefore, you are not allowed to re-sell, deep-link, use, copy, monitor (e.g. spider, scrape), display, download or reproduce any content or information, software, reservations, tickets, products or services available on our Platform for any commercial or competitive activity or purpose.

2. Prices, crossed-out rates and Best Price Guarantee

The prices on our Platform are highly competitive. All room prices are per room for your entire stay and all prices are displayed including VAT/sales tax and all other taxes (subject to change of such taxes), unless stated differently on our Platform or the confirmation email/ticket. Ticket prices are per person or group and subject to validity as indicated on the ticket, if applicable. Applicable fees and taxes (including tourist/city tax) may be charged by the Supplier in the event of a no-show or cancellation fee. Applicable taxes may be charged by the accommodation in the event of a no-show or cancellation fee.

Sometimes cheaper rates are available on our Platform for a specific stay, product or service, however, these rates made available by Suppliers may carry special restrictions and conditions, for example non-cancelable and non-refundable. Please check the relevant product, service and reservation conditions and details thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation.

The crossed-out rate shown for rooms is based on the third highest current price of the Supplier for your product or service with the same booking conditions in a 30-day window around your check-in date (15 days before and 15 days after check-in date; if less than 15 days are between today and the check-in date, we will use the corresponding number of days after the check-in date to result in a 30-day total). To ensure we are making a fair comparison, we always use the same reservation conditions (e.g. meal plan, cancellation policy and room type). This means that you get the same room for a lower price compared to other check-in dates at the same time of year.

We want you to pay the lowest price possible for your product and service of choice. Should you find your product or service of choice booked through the Platform, with the same reservation conditions, at a lower rate on the Internet after you have made a reservation through us, we will match the difference between our rate and the lower rate under the terms and conditions of the Best Price Guarantee.

The currency converter is for information purposes only and should not be relied upon as accurate and real time; actual rates may vary.

Obvious errors and mistakes (including misprints) are not binding.

All special offers and promotions are marked as such.

3. Privacy and cookies

Booking.com respects your privacy. Please have a look at our privacy and cookies policy for further information.

4. Free of charge

Our service is free of charge because, unlike many other parties, we will not charge you for our Service or add any additional (reservation) fees to the rate.

Suppliers pay a commission (being a small percentage of the product price (e.g. room price)) to Booking.com after the end user has consumated the service or product of the Supplier or after the guest has stayed at (and paid) the accommodation.

5. Credit card or bank transfer

If applicable and available, certain Suppliers offer the opportunity for reservations to be paid (wholly or partly and as required under the payment policy of the accommodation) to the Supplier during the reservation process by means of secure online payment (all to the extent offered and supported by your bank). For certain products and services, Booking.com facilitates (through third party payment processors) the payment of the relevant product or service (i.e. the payment facilitation service) at the election of the Supplier (Booking.com never acts nor operates as the merchant of record). Payment is safely processed from your credit/debit card or bank account to the bank account of the Supplier through a third-party payment processor. Any payment facilitated to the Supplier in this manner will, in each case, constitute a payment of (part of) the booking price by you of the relevant product or service in the final settlement (bevrijdende betaling) of such (partial) due and payable price and you cannot reclaim such paid monies.

When a reservation is paid by credit or debit card, it will be processed by eNett International USA, LLC (for credit or debit cards issued in the United States excluding American Express) or eNett International (UK) Limited (trading as “Hotel Booking Services”) (for all other cards and all American Express cards), which act as an independent third party and the merchant of record. eNett International USA, LLC (for credit or debit cards issued in the United States excluding American Express) or eNett International (UK) Limited (for all other cards and all American Express cards) is appointed by, and has contractual relationship with, the Supplier to process your reservation payment as the Supplier’s agent. eNett International USA, LLC (for credit or debit cards issued in the United States excluding American Express) or eNett International (UK) Limited (for all other cards and all American Express cards) will be identified as the merchant of record. Upon receipt of payment by eNett International USA, LLC (for credit or debit cards issued in the United States excluding American Express) or eNett International (UK) Limited (for all other cards and all American Express cards), your obligation to the accommodation provider is extinguished.

Although eNett International USA, LLC (for credit or debit cards issued in the United States excluding American Express) or eNett International (UK) Limited (for all other cards and all American Express cards) take ultimate responsibility for the credit card or debit card payment, Booking.com will take care of Customer Support in case of questions related to a reservation paid by credit card or debit card.

If you are paying a reservation by credit card or debit card processed by eNett International (UK) Limited, the transaction shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales, to the extent permitted by applicable laws.

For certain (i.e. non-refundable) rates or special offers, please note that Suppliers may require that payment is made upfront by wire transfer (if available) or by credit card or debit card, and therefore your credit card may be pre-authorised or charged (sometimes without any option for refund) upon making the reservation. Please check the (reservation) details of your product or service of choice thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation. You will not hold Booking.com or EMS liable or responsible for any (authorized, (allegedly) unauthorized or wrong) charge by the Supplier and not (re)claim any amount for any valid or authorized charge by the Supplier (including for pre-paid rates, no-show and chargeable cancellation) of your credit card or debit card.

In the event of fraud or unauthorised use of your credit card by third parties, most banks and credit card companies bear the risk and cover all the charges resulting from such fraud or misuse, which may sometimes be subject to a deductible (usually set at EUR 50 (or the equivalent in your local currency)). In the event that your credit card company or bank charges the deductible from you because of unauthorised transactions resulting from a reservation made on our Platform, we will pay you this deductible, up to an aggregate amount of EUR 50 (or the equivalent in your local currency). In order to indemnify you, please make sure that you report this fraud to your credit card provider (in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures) and contact us immediately by email (customer.relations@booking.com). Please state 'credit card fraud' in the subject line of your email and provide us with evidence of the charged deductible (e.g. policy of the credit card company). This indemnification only applies to credit card reservations made using Booking.com's secure server and the unauthorised use of your credit card resulted through our default or negligence and through no fault of your own while using the secure server.

6. Pre-payment, cancellation, no-show and fine print

By making a reservation with a Supplier, you accept and agree to the relevant cancellation and no-show policy of that Supplier, and to any additional (delivery) terms and conditions of the Supplier that may apply to your visit or stay (including the fine print of the Supplier made available on our Platform and the relevant house rules of the Supplier), including for services rendered and/or products offered by the accommodation provider (the delivery terms and conditions of an accommodation provider can be obtained with the relevant accommodation provider). The general cancellation and no-show policy of each Supplier is made available on our Platform on the Supplier information pages, during the reservation procedure and in the confirmation email or ticket (if applicable). Please note that certain rates or special offers are not eligible for cancellation or change. Applicable city/tourist tax may still be charged by the Supplier in the event of a no-show or charged cancellation. Please check the (reservation) details of your product or service of choice thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation. Please note that a reservation which requires down payment or (wholly or partly) prepayment may be cancelled (without a prior notice of default or warning) insofar the relevant (remaining) amount(s) cannot be collected in full on the relevant payment date in accordance with the relevant payment policy of the Supplier and the reservation. Cancellation and prepayment policies may vary according to room type. Please carefully read the fine print (below the room types or at the bottom of each Supplier page on our Platform) and important information in your reservation confirmation for additional policies as may be applied by the Supplier (e.g. in respect of age requirement, security deposit, non-cancellation/additional supplements for group bookings, extra beds/no free breakfast, pets/cards accepted). Late payment, wrong bank, debit or credit card details, invalid credit/debit cards or insufficient funds are for your own risk and account and you shall not be entitled to any refund of any (non-refundable) prepaid amount unless the Supplier agrees or allows otherwise under its (pre)payment and cancellation policy.

If you wish to review, adjust or cancel your reservation, please revert to the confirmation email and follow the instructions therein. Please note that you may be charged for your cancellation in accordance with the accommodation provider's cancellation, (pre)payment and no-show policy or not be entitled to any repayment of any (pre)paid amount. We recommend that you read the cancellation, (pre)payment and no-show policy of the accommodation provider carefully prior to making your reservation and remember to make further payments on time as may be required for the relevant reservation.

If you have a late or delayed arrival on the check-in date or only arrive the next day, make sure to (timely/promptly) communicate this with the Supplier so they know when to expect you to avoid cancellation of your reservation or room or charge of the no-show fee. Our customer service department can help you if needed with informing the Supplier. Booking.com does not accept any liability or responsibility for the consequences of your delayed arrival or any cancellation or charged no-show fee by the Supplier.

7. (Further) correspondence and communication

By completing a booking, you agree to receive (i) an email which we may send you shortly prior to your arrival date, giving you information on your destination and providing you with certain information and offers (including third party offers to the extent that you have actively opted in for this information) relevant to your reservation and destination, and (ii) an email which we may send to you promptly after your stay inviting you to complete our guest review form. Please see our privacy and cookies policy for more information about how we may contact you.

Booking.com disclaims any liability or responsibility for any communication with the Supplier on or through its platform. You cannot derive any rights from any request to, or communication with the Supplier or (any form of) acknowledgement of receipt of any communication or request. Booking.com cannot guarantee that any request or communication will be (duly and timely) received/read by, complied with, executed or accepted by the Supplier.

In order to duly complete and secure your reservation, you need to use your correct email address. We are not responsible or liable for (and have no obligation to verify) any wrong or misspelled email address or inaccurate or wrong (mobile) phone number or credit card number.

Any claim or complaint against Booking.com or in respect of the Service must be promptly submitted, but in any event within 30 days after the scheduled day of consummation of the product or service (e.g. check out date). Any claim or complaint that is submitted after the 30 days period, may be rejected and the claimant shall forfeit its right to any (damage or cost) compensation.

Due to the continuous update and adjustments of rates and availability, we strongly suggest to make screenshots when making a reservation to support your position (if needed).

8. Ranking, preferred programme, stars and guest reviews

The default setting of the ranking of Suppliers on our Platform is 'Recommended' (or any similar wording) (the "Default Ranking"). For your convenience we also offer other ways to rank Supplier. Please note that the Default Ranking is created through a fully automatic ranking system (algorithm) and based on multiple criteria, which include not only the popularity of a Supplier among our visitors, but also customer service history and certain booking-related data (number of bookings, cancellations, conversion rate, etc). On-time payment of commission by a Supplier and the commission percentage are also included in the algorithm; however, they are two of the several (but definitely not leading) factors in the Default Ranking.

In certain cities and regions, Booking.com operates a preferred partnership program, allowing certain Suppliers that meet and maintain the preferred program terms to be listed ahead of the rest of the Suppliers in the default “Recommended” ranking for the relevant city/region. The preferred Suppliers are marked with a “thumbs-up” symbol and in return for this high ranking, the preferred Supplier pays a higher commission. Only Suppliers that meet and maintain certain qualification criteria can be listed as preferred.

The stars used for non-hotel accommodations (e.g. bed & breakfasts) do not correspond to the star ranking system as may be applicable to hotel accommodations.

The completed guest review may be (a) uploaded onto the relevant Supplier's information page on our Platform for the sole purpose of informing (future) customers of your opinion of the service (level) and quality of the Supplier, and (b) (wholly or partly) used and placed by Booking.com at its sole discretion (e.g. for marketing, promotion or improvement of our service) on our Platform or such social media platforms, newsletters, special promotions, apps or other channels owned, hosted, used or controlled by Booking.com and our business partners. We reserve the right to adjust, refuse or remove reviews at our sole discretion. The guest review form should be regarded as a survey and does not include any (further commercial) offers, invitations or incentives whatsoever.

9. Disclaimer

Subject to the limitations set out in these terms and conditions and to the extent permitted by law, we shall only be liable for direct damages actually suffered, paid or incurred by you due to an attributable shortcoming of our obligations in respect to our services, up to an aggregate amount of the aggregate cost of your reservation as set out in the confirmation email (whether for one event or series of connected events).

However and to the extent permitted by law, neither we nor any of our officers, directors, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, distributors, affiliate (distribution) partners, licensees, agents or others involved in creating, sponsoring, promoting, or otherwise making available the site and its contents shall be liable for (i) any punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damages, any loss of production, loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of contract, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, loss of claim, (ii) any inaccuracy relating to the (descriptive) information (including rates, availability and ratings) of the Supplier as made available on our Platform, (iii) the services rendered or the products offered by the Supplier or other business partners, (iv) any (direct, indirect, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, pursuant to, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or delay of our Platform, or (v) any (personal) injury, death, property damage, or other (direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, whether due to (legal) acts, errors, breaches, (gross) negligence, willful misconduct, omissions, non-performance, misrepresentations, tort or strict liability by or (wholly or partly) attributable to the Supplier or any of our other business partners (including any of their employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives or affiliated companies) whose products or service are (directly or indirectly) made available, offered or promoted on or through the Platform, including any (partial) cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or any other event beyond our control.

Whether or not the Supplier has charged you for your room, product or service, or if we are facilitating the payment of the (room/reservation) price, you agree and acknowledge that the Supplier is at all times responsible for the collection, withholding, remittance and payment of the applicable taxes due on the total amount of the (room/reservation) price to the relevant tax authorities. Booking.com is not liable or responsible for the remittance, collection, withholding or payment of the relevant taxes due on the (room/reservation) price to the relevant tax authorities. Booking.com does not act as the merchant of record for any product or service made available on the Platform.

By uploading photos/images onto our system (for instance in addition to a review) you certify, warrant and agree that you own the copyright to the photos/images and that you agree that Booking.com may use the uploaded photos/images on its (mobile) website and app, and in (online/offline) promotional materials and publications and as Booking.com at its discretion sees fit. You are granting Booking.com a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, unconditional, perpetual right and license to use, reproduce, display, have reproduced, distribute, sublicense, communicate and make available the photos/images as Booking.com at its discretion sees fit. By uploading these photos/images the person uploading the picture(s) accepts full legal and moral responsibility of any and all legal claims that are made by any third parties (including, but not limited to, accommodation owners) due to Booking.com publishing and using these photos/images. Booking.com does not own or endorse the photos/images that are uploaded. The truthfulness, validity and right to use of all photos/images is assumed by the person who uploaded the photo, and is not the responsibility of Booking.com. Booking.com disclaims all responsibility and liability for the pictures posted. The person who uploaded the photo warrants that the photos/images shall not contain any viruses, Trojan horses or infected files and shall not contain any pornographic, illegal, obscene, insulting, objectionable or inappropriate material and does not infringe any third party (intellectual property right, copyright or privacy) rights. Any photo/image that does not meet the aforesaid criteria will not be posted and/or can be removed/deleted by Booking.com at any time and without prior notice.

10. Intellectual property rights

Unless stated otherwise, the software required for our services or available at or used by our Platform and the intellectual property rights (including the copyrights) of the contents and information of and material on our Platform are owned by Booking.com B.V., its suppliers or providers.

Booking.com exclusively retains ownership of all rights, title and interest in and to (all intellectual property rights of) (the look and feel (including infrastructure) of) the Platform on which the service is made available (including the guest reviews and translated content) and you are not entitled to copy, scrape, (hyper-/deep)link to, publish, promote, market, integrate, utilize, combine or otherwise use the content (including any translations thereof and the guest reviews) or our brand without our express written permission. To the extent that you would (wholly or partly) use or combine our (translated) content (including guest reviews) or would otherwise own any intellectual property rights in the Platform or any (translated) content or guest reviews, you hereby assign, transfer and set over all such intellectual property rights to Booking.com. Any unlawful use or any of the aforementioned actions or behaviour will constitute a material infringement of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and database right).

11. Miscellaneous

To the extent permitted by law, these terms and conditions and the provision of our services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Dutch law and any dispute arising out of these general terms and conditions and our services shall exclusively be submitted to the competent courts in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

The original English version of these terms and conditions may have been translated into other languages. The translated version is a courtesy and office translation only and you cannot derive any rights from the translated version. In the event of a dispute about the contents or interpretation of these terms and conditions or inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and any other language version of these terms and conditions, the English language version to the extent permitted by law shall apply, prevail and be conclusive. The English version is available on our Platform (by selecting the English language) or shall be sent to you upon your written request.

If any provision of these terms and conditions is or becomes invalid, unenforceable or non-binding, you shall remain bound by all other provisions hereof. In such event, such invalid provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and you will at least agree to accept a similar effect as the invalid, unenforceable or non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of these terms and conditions.

12. About Booking.com and the support companies

The online reservation service is rendered by Booking.com B.V., which is a private limited liability company, incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and having its offices at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under registration number 31047344. Our VAT registration number is NL805734958B01.

Booking.com has its headquarters in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and is supported by various affiliated group companies (the "support companies") throughout the world. The support companies only provide an internal supporting role to and for the benefit of Booking.com. Certain designated support companies render limited customer care support services (only by telephone). The support companies do not have any Platform (and do not in any way control, manage, maintain or host the Platform). The support companies do not have any power or authority to render the service, to represent Booking.com or to enter into any contract in the name of, for or on behalf of Booking.com. You do not have a (legal or contractual) relationship with the support companies. The support companies do not operate and are not authorised to act as any form of process or service agent of Booking.com. Booking.com does not accept nor assume any domicile at any place, location or office in the world (also not at the office of its support companies), other than its registered office in Amsterdam.
Box Terms of Service
Effective as of August 1, 2017
Welcome to Box! 

Box is a cloud-based content management platform. Our products make it easier for people to share ideas, collaborate and help get work done.  Since our products are cloud based, you can access them through the web and through any number of device types (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablets, and smartphone devices) that you choose. 

This document, the Box Terms of Service (“Terms”), outlines the terms regarding your use of our products.  These Terms are a legally binding contract between you and Box so please read carefully.  If you do not agree with these Terms, do not register or use any of the Services.

By using, accessing or browsing the Box Service, platform and products including applications, mobile, software, websites or other properties owned or operated by Box or by registering for a Box account ( “Services”) you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms for the Services provided by Box (“Box” or “we”).  If you reside in the United States, you are entering into this contract with Box, Inc.  If you reside outside of the United States you are entering into this contract with Box.com (UK) Ltd., a company registered in England and Wales (company number 0809736), VAT registration number 144974973.

If you are using the Services on behalf of an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms for that organization and promising to Box that you have the authority to bind that organization to these Terms (in which event, "you" and "your" will refer to that organization) unless that organization has a separate paid contract in effect with us, in which event the terms of that contract will govern your use of the Services. 

PRIVACY
In order to operate and provide the Services, we collect certain information about you.We use and protect that information as described in our Privacy Policy .  You acknowledge your use of the Services is subject to our Privacy Policy and understand that it identifies how Box collects, stores, and uses certain information.

CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We reserve the right to modify these Terms.We will post the most current version of these Terms at www.box.com (the “Site”).  If we make material changes to these Terms, we will notify you via the Services and/or by email to the address associated with your account.  If you do not accept the changes, you must stop using and cancel your account by emailing cancel@box.com.  Your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these Terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms.

YOUR ACCOUNT
Certain aspects of the Services may require you to obtain an account by completing a registration form and designating a user ID and password.  When registering with Box you must: (a) provide true, current and complete information about yourself on the registration form and (b) maintain such information so it continues to be true, current and complete.

You are entirely responsible for all materials and information that you upload, post or otherwise transmit via the Services (please also see our Acceptable Use Policy in Section 10).  Only you may use your Box account and you are responsible for your account.  If you become aware of any unauthorized use of the Services or your account, or have any questions about your account please contact Box Support via our Box Community Page

EMAIL SELECTED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT
 You get to choose what email address(es) you register for an account.  Please be aware, however, that if the domain of the email address associated with your account is owned or controlled by an organization (such as your work or school) and that organization establishes a direct relationship with us and wishes to add your account to such relationship, then you may be rolled into that organization’s account after notification.  Following that notice, if you choose not to change the email address associated with your account, your account will be controlled by the organization.

If an organization provided you with your account (e.g., an employer or school), you understand that this organization has rights to your account and may: (a) manage your account (including suspending or canceling); (b) reset your password; (c) view your usage and profile data, including how and when your account is used; and (d) manage the Content in your account.

CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS AND SOLICITATION
By registering with Box or signing up for Services, you understand that we may send you (including via email) information regarding the Services, such as: (a) notices about your use of the Services, including notices of violations of use; (b) updates to the Services and new features or products; and (c) promotional information and materials regarding Box's products and services.  Please review your settings in your account to control the messages you receive from us or unsubscribe by following the instructions in the message.

Notices emailed to you will be considered given and received when the email is sent.  If you don't consent to receive notices (other than promotional materials) electronically, you must stop using the Services.

CONTENT
We call all the electronic documents that you upload and store on your account “Content”.  All Content uploaded by you into your account is yours!  We don't control, verify, or endorse the Content that you or others put on the Services.  You are responsible for: (a) all Content you place in your Box account(s) and share through the Services and (b) making sure that you have all the rights you need to the Content.  In addition, by storing, using or transmitting Content you cannot and will not violate any law or these Terms (please also see the Acceptable Use Policy in Section 10).

You agree to provide Box (as well as agents or service providers acting on Box’s behalf to provide the Services) the right to transmit, process, use and disclose Content and other information which we may obtain as part of your use of the Services but only: (i) as necessary for us to provide the Services, (ii) as otherwise permitted by these Terms, (iii) as otherwise required by law, regulation or order, or (iv) to respond to an emergency.

COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS AND REMOVAL POLICY
Box respects the intellectual property of others and will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the law. We reserve the right to delete or disable Content alleged to violate copyright laws or these Terms and reserve the right to terminate the account(s) of violators.

If you believe there has been a violation of your intellectual property rights, please complete our copyright compliant form; which can also be found here: https://cloud.app.box.com/copyright.

Or contact our designated copyright agent by mail:  

Attn: Copyright Agent, Box, Inc., 900 Jefferson Avenue, Redwood City, CA 94063 USA

8.   CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

During your use of the Services, Box may share with you information that is confidential, sensitive or should be kept secret. For example, if we tell you about our product roadmaps, product designs and architecture, technology and technical information, provide you with security audit reviews, business and marketing plans, or share with you our business processes, these should always be considered confidential to Box. 

Similarly, we agree that your Content, credit card/banking information and information contained in your account is confidential to you. 

Also, if either of us provide any documents to the other that are labeled “confidential” (or something similar), or provide information (either in writing or verbal) that is of a type that a reasonable person should understand to be confidential such information is to be treated as confidential information.

However, if you tell us information that:  (a) we already know at the time you tell us; (b) was told to us by a third party who had the right to tell us; (c) is generally available to the public; or (d) was independently developed by us without using any of your confidential information, then that information will not be considered confidential.  The same goes for information that we tell you that falls into any of these categories.

Lastly, we both agree that: (i) we will treat each other’s information with the same degree of care that we treat our own confidential information; (ii) will use each other’s confidential information only in connection with these Terms and the Services; (iii) only share the information with others who have a need to know and who have agreed in writing to treat it as confidential (as we’ve outlined in this section); and (iv) not share the information with any third party except as allowed in these Terms or through the Services.  Of course, confidential information will always remain the property of its owner.

9.      CONTENT STORAGE

The Services are provided from the United States.  By using and accessing the Services, you understand and agree to the storage of Content and any other personal information in the United States.  However, you understand that you (or other people that you collaborate with) can access the Services (including Content) from outside of the United States (subject to applicable law) and that nothing prohibits the processing of other information outside of the United States.  Box does offer products that enable storage and/or processing of Content outside of the United States and those products are subject to the Box Zones specific terms in Section 25. 

10.    ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY

You agree you will not, nor will you encourage others or assists others, harm the Services or use the Services to harm others.  For example, you must not use the Services to harm, threaten, or harass another person, organization or Box and/or to build a similar service or website.  You must not:  (a) damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Service (or any network connected to the Services); (b) resell or redistribute the Services or any part of it; (c) use any unauthorized means to modify, reroute, or gain access to the Services or attempt to carry out these activities; (d) use any automated process or service (such as a bot, a spider, or periodic caching of information stored by Box) to access or use the Services; (e) use the Services beyond the features allocation and amounts provided in that Service or in violation of our fair use policy; (f) use the Services to violate any law of distribute malware or malicious Content; or (g) distribute, post, share information or Content you don’t have the right to or is illegal. 

As part of our efforts to protect the Service, protect our customers, or to stop you from breaching these Terms we retain the right to block or otherwise prevent delivery of any type of file, email or other communication to or from the Services.

We also reserve the right to deactivate, change and/or require you to change your Box user ID and any custom or vanity URLs, custom links, or vanity domains you may obtain through the Services. 

11.    SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION OF THE SERVICE

 We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Service at any time in our sole discretion.  You understand that if your account is suspended or terminated, you may no longer have access to the Content that is stored with the Services.

Upon termination you may request access to your Content, which we will make available, except in cases where we have terminated your account due to your violation of these Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy terms in Section 10.  You must make such request within 14 days following termination otherwise, any Content you have stored with the Services may not be retrievable and we will have no obligation to maintain Content stored in your account after this 14-day period.

12.    UPDATES TO THE SERVICE

We can make necessary deployments of changes, updates or enhancements to the Services at any time.  We may also add or remove functionalities or features, or we may suspend or stop the Services altogether.

13.    THIRD PARTY SERVICES

Box may make available to you optional third-party applications, services or products, for use in connection with the Services (“Third-Party Products”).  These Third-Party Products are not necessary for the use of the Services and your use (and any exchange of any information, license, payments etc., are between you and the third party provider) is solely between you and the applicable third party provider.  Box makes no warranties of any kind and assumes no liability of any kind for your use of such Third-Party Products.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Third-Party Products, then please contact the applicable third party provider.

14.    BOX PROPRIETARY RIGHTS    

All contents of the Site and Services including but not limited to logo, design, text, software, technical drawings, configurations, graphics, other files, and their selection and arrangement and Box Confidential Information belong to Box, and/or its suppliers, affiliates, or licensors. 

Box or its licensors own and reserve all right, title and interest in and to the Services and all hardware, software and other items used to provide the Services, other than the rights we expressly grant to you to use the Services and Box Confidential Information.  No title to or ownership of any proprietary rights related to the Services or Box Confidential Information is transferred to you pursuant to these Terms.

If you provide comments, suggestions and recommendations to Box about a Service (e.g., modifications, enhancements, improvements) (collectively, "Feedback"), you are automatically assigning this Feedback to Box.

15.    NO WARRANTY OR CONDITIONS  

TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, BOX AND ITS AFFILIATES (AND ASSOCIATED SERVICE PROVIDERS) (A) PROVIDE THE SERVICES "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", (B) MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (E.G. WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT), AND (C) DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS, THAT THE CONTENT WILL BE SECURE OR NOT OTHERWISE LOST OR DAMAGED.

IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICES.

16.    INDEMNIFICATION

To the extent not prohibited by law, you will defend Box against any cost, loss, damage, or other liability arising from any third party demand or claim that any Content or information provided by you, or your use of the Services: (a) infringes a registered patent, trademark, or copyright of a third party, or misappropriates a trade secret (to the extent that such misappropriation is not the result of Box's actions); or (b) violates applicable law or these Terms.  Box will reasonably notify you of any such claim or demand that is subject to your indemnification obligation.

17.    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY        

TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL BOX, ITS AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR: ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, COVER OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE OR CONTENT) HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF BOX HAS BEEN ADVISED AS TO THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, RESELLERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, RELATING TO THE SERVICES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (A) ONE AND A HALF (1.5) TIMES THE MOST RECENT MONTHLY OR YEARLY FEE THAT YOU PAID FOR THAT SERVICE; OR (B) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100 U.S.D.). THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS ALSO APPLY IF THIS REMEDY DOES NOT FULLY COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES. IN SUCH AN EVENT, THIS LIMITATION WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW.

18. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND GOVERNING LAW

You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to your use of the Services, such as software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.

If you reside in the United States, you agree that the Terms, and your relationship with Box will be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. regardless of conflict of laws principles.  We both agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act does not apply to these Terms.  We both agree that all of these claims can only be litigated in the federal or state courts in Santa Clara County, California, USA and we each agree to personal jurisdiction in those courts.  However, you agree that Box can apply for injunctive remedies in any jurisdiction.

If you reside outside of the United States, you agree that the Terms, and your relationship with Box, shall be governed by the laws of the England and Wales without regard to its conflict of laws rules. We both agreed that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act do not apply.  We both agree that all claims can only be litigated in London, England and we each agree to personal jurisdiction of the courts located within London, England.  However, you agree that Box can apply for injunctive remedies in any jurisdiction.

19. TRIALS

You can sign-up for a trial for some of the Services and your trial period starts on the day you create the trial account and lasts for 14 days. If you are on a trial, you may cancel at any time until the last day of your trial. If you do not wish to incur charges, you must cancel the account by the end of the 14th day.

If you do not cancel your account and we have told you the account will converted to a paid subscription at the end of the trial period, then you authorize us to charge your credit card for that specific Service. You may, however, cancel your subscription before the next billing cycle in accordance with these Terms, but no credits or refunds will be available.

20. FEES

Box offers both free and paid Services.  If you choose to subscribe to a paid Service, you agree to pay the fees ("Fees") as quoted to you when you purchase that Service.  We may calculate taxes payable by you based on the billing information that you provide us at the time of purchase. You are responsible for all charges related to using the purchased Service (for example, data charges and currency exchange settlements).  You will pay the Fees in the currency Box quoted at the time of purchase.  Box reserves the right to change the eligible currencies at any time.

Box reserves the right to change its prices at any time, however, if we have offered a specific duration and Fee for your use of the Service, we agree that the Fee will remain in force for that duration.  After the offer period ends, your use of the Service will be charged at the then-current Fee(s).  If you don't agree to these changes, you must stop using the Service and cancel via email to cancel@box.com (with cancellation confirmation from a Box representative).  If you cancel, your Service ends at the end of your current Service period or payment period, and no refunds for previously paid services will be issued. 

If you do not cancel in accordance with these Terms, the subscription for the Service will automatically renew at the then-current price and for the same subscription period.  We will charge your credit card on file with us on the first day of the renewal of the subscription period.

21. BILLING/PAYMENT 

If you select a paid Service, you must provide us with current, complete, accurate and authorized payment method information (e.g. credit card information).  You authorize us to charge your provided payment method for the Services you have selected and for any paid feature(s) that you choose.  We may bill: (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) shortly after purchase; or (d) if you have elected a subscription service, on a recurring basis.  To the extent Box has not received your payment, in order to bring your account up to date, we may bill you simultaneously for both past due and current amounts.  If you do not cancel your account, we may automatically renew your Service(s) and charge you for any renewal term.  You understand that failure to pay any charges or fees may result in the suspension or cancellation of your Services.

22. SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD

You may elect one of the following subscription plans and billing options (please note that there might be only one of these options available depending on the Service purchased):

A monthly subscription plan (“Monthly Subscription Plan”). The subscription period for the Monthly Subscription Plan will be for one month and will automatically renew unless you cancel your Monthly Subscription Plan at least three business days prior to the renewal date.You will be billed on or about the same day each month until such time that you cancel.

An annual subscription plan (“Annual Subscription Plan”). The subscription period for the Annual Subscription Plan will be for one year and will automatically renew each year on the anniversary unless you cancel at least three business days prior to your renewal date. You will be billed annually on or about the same day each year until such time that you cancel.  Note that under the Annual Subscription Plan you will not be permitted to cancel, reduce the number of seats, or downgrade the Box Service you have selected until the anniversary date. Be aware that you are committing to a one-year plan; if you are not certain, we recommend choosing the Monthly Subscription Plan.

If you select the Monthly Subscription Plan, you can switch to the Annual Subscription Plan at any time.  If you select the Annual Subscription Plan, you may not change to the Monthly Subscription Plan until the end of the one-year term of your Annual Subscription Plan.

23. BOX SUBSCRIPTION SPECIFIC TERMS

If you are purchasing a Box subscription plan, the following additional terms apply to you:

You:  (a) are required to have a Box account for each user, (b) will only receive the features and functionality that are included in the specific subscription plan that you have purchased, (c) are responsible for setting your configurations of the Box Service, and (d) are responsible for managing any of your devices and/or any systems that you use to access the Box Service.

24. BOX PLATFORM PRODUCTS SPECIFIC TERMS  

If you are purchasing any of the Platform products, the following additional terms apply to you:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PLATFORM PRODUCT SPECIFIC DEFINITIONS:

 

“API” is the application-programming interface used by you to access functionality provided by Box.

“Content” means the same specified in Section 6, but includes Content uploaded by Platform Application Users and Platform Service Accounts.

“Monthly Active User” or “MAU” is a Platform Application User that uses the Service via an API call (made by or on the behalf of the Platform Application User account) at least once in a monthly calendar period.

“Monthly Platform API Calls” is any API call made by a Platform Application to the Service within a monthly calendar period on behalf of:  (a) a Platform Application User; (b) a User; or (c) a Platform Service Account, not to exceed your allotted amount.  Except as otherwise set forth in an order, excluded from Monthly Platform API Calls are API calls made on behalf of: (i) third party software application integrations that are permitted with your use of the Service; (ii) Box provided applications (e.g., the Box Web App, Box Desktop, Box Notes, Box Capture); (iii) Box provided services (e.g. Box Shuttle), if applicable.

“Monthly Platform Bandwidth” is the Platform Bandwidth consumed on a monthly calendar basis by or on behalf of:  (a) a Platform Application User; (b) a User; or (c) a Platform Service Account, not to exceed your allotted amount.  Unless specified in an order, excluded from Monthly Platform Bandwidth is Platform Bandwidth consumed by: (i) third party software application integrations that are permitted with your use of the Service; (ii) Box provided applications (e.g., the Box Web App, Box Desktop, Box Notes, Box Capture); and (iii) Box provided services (e.g. Box Shuttle), if applicable.

“PlatformApplication” is an application used by or on behalf of you that uses the API for the purposes of access to the Service.

“Platform Application User” is a user with a unique identifier that is created and provisioned by you and such user’s access to Content in the Service is governed through the Platform Application.

“Platform Bandwidth” is the flow of data to or from the Service as a result of the Platform Application, measured in gigabytes (GB), not to exceed your allotted amount.

“Platform Product(s)” is the Box API(s) that provide programmatic access to the Service from a Platform Application, and any additional Platform Product features and functionalities.  The Platform Products include certain features that permit a Service Account/User/Platform Application User to view, annotate and comment on Content ("View”) if set forth in your order.  Box’s APIs, tools and services made available for development of a Platform Application with respect to the APIs are also Platform Product(s).

"Platform Service Account” is a non-Box software application with a unique identifier that is created and provisioned by you and your access to Content in the Service is governed through the Platform Application.

“Platform Storage” is the total amount of Content, measured in gigabytes (unless otherwise specified), stored by or on behalf of all Platform Application Users, Platform Service Accounts and any other users of Platform Products, not to exceed your allotted amount.

“Platform UseLimit(s)” is the amount as specified and allocated to you for:  (i) Monthly Platform Bandwidth, Monthly Platform API Calls, Platform Storage and number of Monthly Active Users; and (ii) any other applicable usage limits or restrictions.

“User(s)” is any person who is permitted by you to access, store, retrieve or manage Content in any account.

 

You receive the features and functionality that are provided in the specific Platform Product(s) that you have registered or purchased.  You agree to only incorporate the API into the Platform Applications for the sole purpose of accessing certain functionality subscribed to by you, solely through the API and associated tools and services.  You will ensure that your usage of the Platform Products is at all times in conformance with the Platform Use Limits, these Terms and applicable law.

If you exceed the Platform Use Limits, additional fees will be due and/or reasonable restrictions may be placed on your account until any such excess usage is adequately eliminated by you. 

You may not co-brand any Platform Products or use any Box trademarks, logos, or other Box marks to promote and market the Platform Products without Box’s prior written consent.

You will not, and will make sure that the Platform Application does not and you will not permit use of the Platform Application:  (a) to violate these Terms; (b) to perform hidden activities without Platform Application User consent (such as downloading components or other software); (c) that may alter a Platform Application User’s system without permission from the Platform Application User; (d) impersonate, or misrepresent an affiliation with, any person or entity;  (e) use in any manner not authorized by a Platform Application User; except as otherwise authorized by a Platform Application User with respect to such Platform Application User’s Content; (f) mine or analyze any Content transmitted to, retrieved from or stored in the Platform Products/the Service (including, but not limited to, through spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, scrapers, or other automated means, or services employing any such means); (g) circumvent any security measures or content filtering devices;  (h) use or affect the Platform Products in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Platform Products (including, but not limited to, flooding the Platform Products with an excessive amount of data or content); or (i) permit use in connection with any purposes or intended application which involves risks or dangers that could lead to death, serious bodily injury, severe physical or property damage, or use for purposes that otherwise require significant safety precautions (e.g. uses of the Platform Products in connection with operation of emergency services, air traffic control, mass transport systems, or nuclear facilities).  

25.    BOX ZONES SPECIFIC TERMS  

If you are purchasing the Box infrastructure product that enables the storing of Content in specific Location(s) and by specific Service Provider(s) (“Box Zones”), the following additional terms in this Section apply to you.

Subject to the terms in this Section and a purchase of a Box Zones account for each user, Box agrees to store your Content in the specific geographic location(s) named at the time of purchase (“Location(s)”) and with the entities providing the geographic storage of Content as named at the time of purchase (“Service Provider(s)”).

You understand and agree that: (a) by utilizing Box Zones, the terms of this Section 25 supersede and replace any and all provisions in these Terms regarding the location of Content storage and related controls (but only those terms); (b) the applicable Service is provided from the United States and that for Box Zones, while the Content will be stored and may be partially processed in the Location(s), some processing and metadata storage and processing may continue to be provided from the United States; (c) it is only the Content generated after your purchase and provisioning of Box Zones that will be stored in the Location(s) selected at the time of purchase; (d) certifications of Service Provider(s) may vary based on selected Service Provider(s) and Location(s); and (e) it is your responsibility to configure and properly utilize the applicable Service and Box Zones to address your obligations related to data types and data residency obligations.

In order to maintain Box’s obligations to you for the provision of Box Zones, you acknowledge and agree that Box may change the Service Provider(s) at any time during your Subscription Plan.  Box agrees to provide you with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such change in Service Provider prior to implementation unless such change is necessary to prevent imminent harm to you, Box, or the Services, in which case Box will notify you as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.

26.    TRAINING OR CONSULTING SERVICES

26. 1 Consulting Services. In the event you order any professional, educational, operational or technical services (collectively, “Consulting Services), the nature, details and duration of the Consulting Services will further described in the datasheet or statement of work which is referenced.  

26. 2 Deliverables and Box Tools. Box will own and retains all rights, title and interest in and to the any training materials or other tangible materials provided to you as part of the Consulting Services (each, a “Deliverable”)  (excluding any of your Confidential Information), and related intellectual property rights.  Subject to these Terms, Box grants you a royalty free, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and terminable license to use the Deliverables solely for your authorized use of the Box Service during your subscription term.  Nothing herein shall be construed to assign or transfer any intellectual property rights in the proprietary tools, libraries, know-how, techniques and expertise (“Box Tools”) used by Box to develop the Deliverables and to the extent such Box Tools are delivered with or as part of the Deliverables, they are licensed, not assigned, to you on the same terms as the Deliverables.

26.3 Consulting Services Warranty. In regard to Consulting Services only, Box warrants that: (a) it and each of its employees, consultants and subcontractors, if any, have the necessary knowledge, skills, experience, qualifications, and resources to provide and perform the Consulting Services in accordance with the applicable datasheet or statement of work; and (b) the Consulting Services will be performed  in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with industry standards and in accordance with the scope of services outlined in the applicable datasheet or statement of work. You acknowledge that Box’s ability to successfully perform the Consulting Services is dependent upon your provision of timely information, access to resources, and participation as outlined in the applicable Consulting Services.  If through no fault or delay of you the Consulting Services do not conform to the foregoing warranty, and you notify Box within seven (7) calendar days of Box’s delivery of the Consulting Services, Box will re-perform the non-conforming portion(s) of the Consulting Services at no additional cost to you. 

27.    GENERAL TERMS

27.1     Severability; Entire Agreement. These Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by relevant law.  If a court holds that we cannot enforce a part of these Terms as written, you and we will replace those terms with similar terms to the extent enforceable under the relevant law, but the rest of these Terms will remain in effect.  This is the entire contract between you and us regarding the Service.  It supersedes any prior contract or oral or written statements regarding your use of the Services.

27.2     Assignment and transfer. We may assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose our rights and obligations under this contract, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.  You may not assign this contract or transfer any rights to use the Service, unless we allow you to do so in writing.

27.3     Independent Contractors; No third-party beneficiaries. Box and you are not legal partners or agents; instead, our relationship is that of independent contractors.  This contract is solely for your and our benefit.  It is not for the benefit of any other person, except for permitted successors.

27.4     Waiver. The failure of either of us to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any of the provisions of these Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under these Terms will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of such right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance; rather, the same will remain in full force and effect.

27.5 Government Terms. If Customer is a U.S. government entity or if this Agreement otherwise becomes subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Customer acknowledges that elements of the Box Service constitute software and documentation and are provided as “Commercial Items” as defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, and are being licensed to U.S. government User as commercial computer software subject to the restricted rights described in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212.
Terms of Use
Last updated: 10 September 2018

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY REGISTERING FOR AN ACCOUNT OR BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.

These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to your access to and use of any website, mobile application or other online or mobile product or service (collectively, the “Services”) of Couchsurfing International, Inc. (“Couchsurfing,” “we” or “us”). If you are using the Services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s behalf and that such entity will be responsible for your violation of these Terms. Failure to use our Services in accordance with these Terms may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Services and may subject you to legal action by Couchsurfing and/or severe civil and/or criminal penalties.

We reserve the right to make changes or modifications to these Terms, or any policy or guideline of our Services, at any time and in our sole discretion. If Couchsurfing makes changes to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes, including by revising the date at the top of these Terms. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. Accordingly, you should frequently review these Terms and applicable policies and guidelines to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Services.

Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how Couchsurfing collects, uses and discloses information about our members. In addition, by accessing or using our Services, you agree to adhere to the Community Guidelines.

Please Contact Us with any questions regarding these Terms. You can contact us by mail at PO Box 7775 ECM 86600, San Francisco, CA 94120, by email at support@couchsurfing.com or by phone at +1.415.404.6611.

ELIGIBILITY, REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT
You must be at least 18 years old to access or use the Services. By registering to use our Services, you represent that you are at least 18 years old. In order to access certain areas and features of our Services, you will need to register for an account using either your email address or your login credentials from a third-party social media site. If you register with your email address, you agree to create a unique password that you do not use with any other online product or service. By registering for an account, you further agree to (a) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information; (b) maintain and promptly update your account information upon any changes; (c) maintain the security of your account by protecting your password and restricting access to your account; (d) promptly notify Couchsurfing if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Services; and (e) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of any authorized or unauthorized access.

THIRD PARTY TERMS
Couchsurfing may offer the opportunity to purchase products and services from third parties. You acknowledge that such products and services are offered and sold to you by one or more third parties. For more information, please refer to the applicable third party’s terms of sale and privacy policy that are presented as part of the checkout process.

INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER MEMBERS
3.1 You Have Sole Responsibility When Interacting with Other Members. Our Services provide a platform for members to learn about one another, arrange stays and travel, engage in activities and communicate with one another. Couchsurfing is not a party to, has no involvement or interest in, makes no representations or warranties as to, and has no responsibility or liability with respect to any communications, transactions, interactions, disputes or any relations whatsoever between you and any other member, person or organization. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other members of our Services. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor interactions between you and other members of our Services.

Remember, the Couchsurfing Services are just a platform that enable you to communicate and interact with other people around the world. We cannot be responsible for the interactions that you have with other Couchsurfing members, so please use good judgment and keep safety in mind when you use our Services.

3.2 Identity Verification. We cannot and do not confirm each member’s identity. Although we provide tools intended to assist with identity verification, such as our address verification tool (as described in Section 3.3), you are solely responsible for determining the identity and suitability of others with whom you may interact through our Services. Couchsurfing does not represent or warrant that our tools are sufficient to determine whether it is appropriate for you to interact with another member. Further, we do not endorse any persons who use or register for our Services. We do not investigate or verify any member’s reputation, conduct, morality, criminal background, or any information members may submit to the Services (other than the address-verification tool as described in Section 3.3). We encourage you to take precautions when interacting with other members, particularly when meeting a stranger in person for the first time.

3.3 Our Address-Verification Tool. Our address verification tool is intended merely to confirm that the postal address a member submits to us is an address at which that member is able to access or receive mail. Couchsurfing’s address verification tool is not intended to confirm that a member actually resides at a particular address. While this is one of many ways to reduce the risk of misconduct by a member, it is not a guarantee of any member’s identity or good faith.

3.4 Member-Hosted Events; Couchsurfing Ambassadors. Members may organize in-person meetings and host events for other Couchsurfing members; however, these events are not sponsored or endorsed by Couchsurfing and members attend such meetings and events at their own risk. In addition, Couchsurfing members may sign up to become Couchsurfing Ambassadors (or members of a successor program) and contribute their time to activities that support the Couchsurfing community, such as meeting new members, organizing events and answering questions. Couchsurfing Ambassadors (or members of a successor program) are not agents of Couchsurfing and Couchsurfing is not responsible or liable for any acts or omissions of these members.

3.5 Release. Because our Services are merely a platform, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more members, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law you release us (and our officers, directors, members, employees, agents and affiliates) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code 1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”

MEMBER CONDUCT AND CONTENT
The Services include interactive areas where you or other members can create, post or store content, messages, materials, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, videos, graphics or other items or materials on the Services (collectively, “Member Content”). You are solely responsible for your use of such interactive areas and agree that your use of these areas is at your own risk.

4.1 Member Content Restrictions. You are solely responsible for any Member Content that you submit, post or transmit via our Services. You agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the Services, Member Content that we believe, in our sole discretion:

(a) is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;

(b) contains nudity, sexually explicit content or is otherwise obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive or sexually exploitative of minors;

(c) may disparage any ethnic, racial, sexual or religious group by stereotypical depiction or is otherwise abusive or inflammatory;

(d) depicts the use of illicit drugs;

(e) contains offensive language or images or is otherwise objectionable;

(f) incites violence or characterizes violence as acceptable, glamorous or desirable;

(g) contains unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations, without our prior written consent;

(h) contains private or personal information about another person, unless such person has agreed to the disclosure of this information;

(i) contains viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive file viruses, cancel bots, Trojan horses, harmful code, flood pings, denial-of-service attacks, packet or IP spoofing, forged routing or electronic mail address information or similar methods or technology;

(j) may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. By posting Member Content, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such Member Content; or

(k) would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense or violate the rights of any third party. Couchsurfing is not responsible for any Member Content that you or other members post, transmit or store through the Services. We have no obligation to post Member Content from you or anyone else and we may, in our sole discretion, edit, remove or delete any Member Content without notice. If you become aware of Member Content that violates these Terms, you may notify of us such content by using the reporting tools provided on our Services. Enforcement of these Terms, however, is solely in our discretion and the absence of enforcement in some instances does not waive of our right to enforce the Terms in other instances. In addition, these Terms do not create a private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by such rules.

4.2 Member Conduct. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to act responsibly, exercise good judgment and comply with the Community Guidelines. In addition, you agree not to:

(a) use the Services in violation of any applicable law or regulation, including promoting or encouraging any illegal activity;

(b) infringe the rights of any third party, including without limitation, intellectual property, privacy, publicity or contractual rights;

(c) use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other members from fully enjoying the Services or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Services in any manner;

(d) use our Services in connection with the distribution of spam (which we define as unsolicited bulk e-mail or any other unsolicited messages of a commercial, religious, romantic, political or other nature not within the intended purposes of the Services);

(e) stalk, intimidate, threaten or otherwise harass or cause discomfort to any other member of our Services;

(f) collect or store any information about any other member other than as permitted on our Services;

(g) use our Services for any commercial purpose whatsoever, unless with prior written consent from Couchsurfing;

(h) register for more than one member account;

(i) impersonate any person or entity, or falsify or otherwise misrepresent yourself or your affiliation with any person or entity, whether by providing or omitting to provide information;

(j) circumvent or attempt to defeat any security or verification measure relating to use of the Services;

(k) hold yourself out as an agent, representative, employee or affiliate of Couchsurfing, including but not limited to when you host an event for other Couchsurfing members or sign up to be a Couchsurfing Ambassador; or

(l) assist any third party in doing any of the foregoing.

4.3 Member Content License. You own all of the Member Content that you post to our Services. If you post Member Content to our Services, you hereby grant us a perpetual (i.e. lasting forever), worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sublicensable (i.e. we can grant this right to others) license to use, reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, have distributed and promote such Member Content in any form, in all media now known or hereinafter created (including in emails or other communications to our members) to administer, operate, develop and otherwise provide the Couchsurfing Services. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the Member Content that you post or you otherwise have the right to post such Member Content to the Services; (b) the Member Content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) the use and posting of the Member Content you supply does not violate these Terms and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity. You own the Member Content that you post to our Services. If Member Content contains information about you, our Privacy Policy will apply, and we encourage you to review this policy for information about how we can use and share such information.

SUBMISSIONS
Separate and apart from Member Content, we welcome questions, comments, suggestions and ideas about Couchsurfing and our Services (“Submissions”). If you provide a Submission, whether by email or otherwise, you agree that it is non-confidential (unless Couchsurfing states otherwise in writing) and shall become the sole property of Couchsurfing. Couchsurfing shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise. You acknowledge that Couchsurfing is not obligated to provide acknowledgment or compensation to you in exchange for Submissions.

COPYRIGHT AND LIMITED LICENSE
Unless otherwise indicated, the Services and all content and other materials on the Services, including, without limitation, the Couchsurfing logo, and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, videos, information, data, software, sound files and other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof, (collectively, the “Couchsurfing Materials”) are the proprietary property of Couchsurfing or our licensors or members and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.

You are granted a limited, non-exclusive and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Services and Couchsurfing Materials; however, such license is subject to these Terms and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial use of the Services or the Couchsurfing Materials; (b) the distribution, public performance or public display of any Couchsurfing Materials; (c) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Services and the Couchsurfing Materials, or any portion thereof, unless modification or derivative use is specifically permitted under applicable law or provided for under separate terms; (d) use of any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (e) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of the Services, the Couchsurfing Materials or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on the Services; or (f) any use of the Services or the Couchsurfing Materials other than for their intended purposes. Any use of the Services or the Couchsurfing Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Couchsurfing, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including without limitation copyright and trademark laws. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time.

REPEAT INFRINGER POLICY
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable law, Couchsurfing has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and in Couchsurfing’s sole discretion, members who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Couchsurfing may also, in our sole discretion, limit access to the Services and/or terminate the accounts of any members who we believe may infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
If you believe that anything on the Services infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with the Couchsurfing Copyright Agent as set forth below.

Address of Designated Agent: CT Corporation Systems

818 West 7th Street

Los Angeles, CA 90017

Phone Number of Designated Agent: +1 877.467.3525

Fax Number of Designated Agent: +1 608.824.2400

Email Address of Designated Agent: cls-madisonteam1@wolterskluwer.com

Please see 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. You should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.

TRADEMARKS
“Couchsurf,” “Couchsurfing,” the Couchsurfing logos and any other Couchsurfing service name or slogan contained on the Services are trademarks of Couchsurfing and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Couchsurfing or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing “Couchsurfing” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of Couchsurfing without our prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, are the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of Couchsurfing and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us. Any authorized use of these trademarks must be in accordance with guidelines that Couchsurfing may provide you from time to time, including the Couchsurfing Trademark Policy.

Our logo and the terms “Couchsurfing” and “Couchsurfer”, as well as other terms and visual elements that you might see throughout the Couchsurfing Services, are protected trademarks. However, we do support members using these trademarks in appropriate ways, such as to make your own T-shirts or to create local Couchsurfing community social media pages. To learn more, including how to obtain written permission to use our marks, please read our Trademark Policy.

HYPERLINKS
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a text hyperlink to the Services, provided such link does not portray Couchsurfing or any of our services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and provided further that the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use a Couchsurfing logo or other proprietary graphic of Couchsurfing to link to the Services without the express written permission of Couchsurfing. Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Couchsurfing trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found on the Services, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page of the Services without Couchsurfing’s express written consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary right of Couchsurfing or any third party.

THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
In using our Services, you may be exposed to content from other members or third parties (“Third-Party Content”), either on our Services or through links to third-party websites. We do not control, endorse or adopt any Third-Party Content and shall have no responsibility for Third-Party Content, including without limitation material that may be misleading, incomplete, erroneous, offensive, indecent or otherwise objectionable. You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, Third-Party Content, including without limitation, profiles of other members of our Services. We incorporate Google Maps into the Services as a convenience to you. By using this feature of the Services, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Use.

TERMINATION
If you are in breach of these Terms, or any other policies or community standards we have in place from time to time, we may, in our discretion at any time: (a) terminate your access to our Services, (b) deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in such account and/or (c) bar your access to any of such files or Services. In any of these instances, you are not permitted to register for another Couchsurfing account without our prior written permission.

In rare circumstances, when we feel it is necessary to protect the safety or the well being of the Couchsurfing community, we will remove a member’s account from our Services. We don’t take this decision lightly, but it is sometimes required.

DISCONTINUANCE OF SERVICES
We may, in our discretion and without liability to you, with or without prior notice and at any time, modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any portion of our Services.

PRICE CHANGES
We reserve the right to adjust pricing for our service in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole discretion. Price changes related to Couchsurfing Verification will not affect members that have purchased a lifetime subscription.

Paid Subscriptions automatically renew until cancelled. We will notify you if the price of a recurring subscription increases and seek your consent to continue before renewal. To request a refund, you can write to support@couchsurfing.com. We offer refunds within 7 days of the purchase date or 30 days of the renewal date for annual subscriptions.

MEMBER’S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
14.1. You hereby represent and warrant that you have the full power and authority to enter into and perform under these Terms. If you are using our Services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s behalf.

14.2. You hereby represent and warrant that you will use our Services in a manner consistent with any and all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, United States export-control laws.

14.3. If you are (a) located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country to which the United States has embargoed goods or services, (b) identified as a “Specially Designated National”, or (c) placed on the Commerce Department’s Denied Persons List, you represent and warrant that you will not engage in financial transactions with, or commercial activities on, Couchsurfing (including making payments in connection with any identity verification tools provided by Couchsurfing). Without limiting the foregoing, you are solely responsible for determining whether you have complied with travel restrictions to and from certain countries, including travel to and from countries other than the U.S.

14.4. You hereby represent and warrant that you will not use the Services if the laws of your country prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these Terms (for example, if you are not allowed to provide the types of personal information that we require or if you are prohibited from participating in certain Internet activity). By using the Services, you represent and warrant that such use will not violate, or cause us to violate, the laws of your country.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
15.1. IF YOU USE OUR SERVICES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR SOLE RISK. OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, AND YOU WAIVE, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION, CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN.

15.2. WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) OUR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) OUR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (C) ANY INFORMATION THAT YOU MAY OBTAIN THROUGH OUR SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (D) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH OUR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; (E) ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE OR WE COLLECT WILL NOT BE DISCLOSED TO THIRD PARTIES; OR (F) ANY ERRORS IN ANY DATA OR SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.

15.3. IF YOU ACCESS OR TRANSMIT ANY CONTENT THROUGH THE USE OF OUR SERVICES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND YOUR SOLE RISK. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF SUCH ACCESS OR TRANSMISSION; THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD.

15.4. NO DATA, INFORMATION OR ADVICE OBTAINED BY YOU IN ORAL OR WRITTEN FORM FROM US OR THROUGH OR FROM OUR SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.

LIMITS ON LIABILITY
16.1. SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COUCHSURFING, OR OUR DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO: (A) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SERVICES; (B) THE COST OF REPLACEMENT OF ANY GOODS, SERVICES OR INFORMATION PURCHASED OR OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM OUR SERVICES; (C) DISCLOSURE OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT; (D) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR PROGRAMS, SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS OR PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE KNOW OR HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES; (E) STATEMENTS, CONDUCT OR OMISSIONS OF ANY SERVICE PROVIDERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTY ON OUR SERVICES; (F) YOUR OR ANYONE ELSE’S CONDUCT OR ACTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICES; OR (G) ANY OTHER MATTER ARISING FROM, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH OUR SERVICES OR THESE TERMS.

16.2. WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY FAILURE OR DELAY IN PERFORMING UNDER THESE TERMS, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH FAILURE OR DELAY IS DUE TO CAUSES BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.

16.3. IN NO EVENT WILL OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY IN ANY MATTER ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO OUR SERVICES OR THESE TERMS EXCEED THE SUM OF ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS ($100).

16.4. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 16 AND 17 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

16.5 NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THESE TERMS, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS EXCLUDES OR LIMITS OUR LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR FOR FRAUD.

INDEMNITY
You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Couchsurfing (and each of our officers, directors, members, employees, agents and affiliates) from any claim, demand, action, damage, loss, cost or expense, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or relating to (a) your use of our Services; (b) any Member Content or Submissions you provide; (c) your violation of these Terms; (d) your violation of any rights of another; or (e) your conduct in connection with the Services. Further, if you are using the Services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that such entity agrees to indemnify you and Couchsurfing for violations of these Terms in accordance with this Section. If you are obligated to indemnify us, we will have the right, in our sole and unfettered discretion, to control any action or proceeding and determine whether we wish to settle it, and if so, on what terms.

REPORTING MISCONDUCT
If you interact with anyone through our Services who you feel is acting or has acted inappropriately, including but not limited to offensive, violent or sexually inappropriate behavior, who steals from you or engages in any other disturbing conduct, we strongly encourage you to immediately report such person to the appropriate authorities and to us by contacting us using the Couchsurfing Help Center. Please note that although we encourage you to report misconduct, we are not responsible or liable for our members’ actions, and we are not obligated to take any action.

DISPUTES.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH COUCHSURFING AND IT LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF. You and Couchsurfing agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms or relating to the Services, except that you and Couchsurfing are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable or other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents. SUBJECT TO ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL. You and Couchsurfing agree that you will notify each other of any dispute within thirty (30) days of when it arises, that you will attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration, that any arbitration will occur in San Francisco, California and that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association. You and Couchsurfing also agree that the state or federal courts in San Francisco County, California have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any suit between the parties not subject to arbitration. Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court. WHETHER THE DISPUTE IS HEARD IN ARBITRATION OR IN COURT, YOU AND COUCHSURFING WILL NOT COMMENCE AGAINST THE OTHER A CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

MISCELLANEOUS.
20.1 Assignment. You may not assign any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without prior written consent from Couchsurfing. Couchsurfing may assign any or all of its rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, without obtaining your consent or approval.

20.2 Entire Agreement. These Terms contain the entire agreement, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, between the parties regarding their subject matter.

20.3 Waiver. Our failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

20.4 Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any of these Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other of these Terms, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

20.5 Headings. Headings of sections are for convenience only and shall not be used to limit or construe such sections.

20.7 Survival. Sections 3.5 (Release), 4 (Member Conduct and Content), 5 (Submissions), 9 (Trademarks), 11 (Third-Party Content), 14 (Member’s Representations and Warranties), 15 (Disclaimer of Warranties), 16 (Limits on Liability), 17 (Indemnity), 19 (Disputes), and this Section 20 (Miscellaneous) shall survive any termination or expiration of these Terms.
CrowdTangle, Inc. (“CrowdTangle,” “we” or “us”) is a social analytic platform that helps publishers and media companies surface stories that matter, measure their social performance and identify influencers. These terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”) govern your access to and use of CrowdTangle’s website, platform integrations and other features or services (collectively, our “Services”), and any and all information, text, graphics, photos or other materials uploaded, downloaded, or appearing on the Services (collectively “Content”).  In order to access and use our Services, you agree to these Terms of Service, which incorporate by reference the CrowdTangle Privacy Policy.


CrowdTangle may, in its sole discretion, update or otherwise change the Terms of Service from time to time. When CrowdTangle changes the Terms of Service in a material manner, we will modify the ‘effective’ date at the bottom of these Terms of Service. Your continued use of the Services after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.

I. OWNERSHIP AND LICENSES
Subject to the terms and conditions set out in these Terms of Service, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Services for your internal business purposes. CrowdTangle reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services or the Content.
CrowdTangle and its licensors retain title to and ownership of all rights (including copyright, trade-mark, patent, trade secret and all other intellectual property rights) in and to the Services and CrowdTangle's Content. You acquire no rights whatsoever to all or any part of the Services except for the limited use rights granted by these Terms of Service. All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved to CrowdTangle and its licensors.
You may choose to, or we may invite you to, submit comments or ideas about the Services, including without limitation about how to improve the Services or our products (“Feedback”). By submitting any Feedback, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place CrowdTangle under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Feedback without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Feedback on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, CrowdTangle does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to CrowdTangle, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
CrowdTangle may terminate the license granted per these Terms of Service at any time at its discretion.

II. USER ACCOUNTS

We may maintain different types of accounts for different types of users, such as (i) an individual account, or (ii) an account opened on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity. Depending on the nature of your account, “you” will refer to yourself and any entity that you are acting on behalf of.
When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information as requested, including personal information such as your name and contact information. You must keep this information up to date.
For accounts created per section 1(ii) above, you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the entity’s behalf.
Each unique user must represent a person and not any sort of automated bot or set of people.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account login information and for any activities or actions occurring under your account. You must notify CrowdTangle immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. CrowdTangle will not be responsible for any loss or damages resulting from your failure to comply with this obligation or otherwise any unauthorized use of your account. You may never use another’s account without permission.
Accounts cannot be offered to anyone not employed by you or acting on your behalf.
You are responsible for, and assume all risks associated with, your use of the Services and for any Content accessed or made available to others through your account (even if that Content is accessed or made available by others). CrowdTangle will not be held responsible for your use of the Services.
To access or use the Services, you must be able to form a binding contract with CrowdTangle and you must not be prohibited from receiving the Services under United States law or any other applicable laws.

III. ACCEPTABLE USES AND RESTRICTIONS

You may only use the Services to: (a) access Content on CrowdTangle's platform; and (b) access, manage and obtain Content from other platforms (e.g., Twitter, Facebook) in accordance with these Terms of Service and any terms specified by those other platforms.
You may not access or search, or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) except through CrowdTangle's currently available interfaces.
You may not use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, including in any way that violates copyright or other laws applicable in United States or otherwise applicable to you.
You must protect the information you receive from us against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, don’t use data obtained from us to provide tools that are used for surveillance.
You may not use the Services in a way that is detrimental to the operation of the Services or the access or use of the Services by anyone else. This restriction applies to any use that interferes or attempts to interfere with the normal operations of the Services, including by hacking, deleting, augmenting or altering the Services or any Content.
You may not, without CrowdTangle's prior written permission (including the permissions granted by these Terms of Service): (a) copy, distribute (including by framing any of the Services on any web site), modify, enhance, translate, reproduce, sell, resell, sublicense, rent, lease, or otherwise attempt to exploit the Services; (b) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code (except to the extent that this restriction is expressly prohibited by law); (c) make derivative works of the Services; or (d) modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Services, CrowdTangle or any other CrowdTangle products or services.
You may not display Content from CrowdTangle as any sort of public-facing display, app, product or otherwise external format without the express written consent of CrowdTangle.
You may not sell or license any of the Content from, or otherwise accessed through, the Services without the express written consent of CrowdTangle. You may not transfer any data that you receive from us (including anonymous, aggregate, or derived data) to any ad network, data broker or other advertising or monetization-related service.
You must not transmit or otherwise make available to others any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature through the Services.

IV. CONTENT

You understand that by using the Services you may be exposed to Content that might be unlawful, offensive, harmful, inaccurate, or otherwise inappropriate or deceptive. CrowdTangle does not pre-screen Content and cannot be responsible for the Content accessed or made available to others through the Services.

V. CANCELLATION AND TERMINATION

If you choose to cancel your account, contact privacyCT@fb.com.
CrowdTangle, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend, terminate or restrict your access to the Services, or any other CrowdTangle service, for any reason and at any time.  Such termination of the Services will result in the deactivation or deletion of your account or your access to your account, and the deletion of all Content on your account. CrowdTangle reserves the right to refuse to provide the Services to anyone for any reason at any time.
The provisions regarding "Use and Restrictions", "Cancellation and Termination", "Ownership and Licenses", "Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability" and "General Conditions" and any provisions which by their nature survive, shall survive the termination of these Terms of Service.

VI. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE", WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND. USE OF THE SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. CROWDTANGLE DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ABOUT THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, QUIET ENJOYMENT, CURRENCY, OR TIMELINESS OF THE SERVICES. CROWDTANGLE DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INCOMPLETENESS, ERRORS, SECURITY, VIRUSES, BUGS, PROBLEMS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER LIMITATIONS IN, OR INTERRUPTIONS IN THE OPERATION OF, THE SERVICES. 

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CROWDTANGLE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR COLLATERAL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE SERVICES ARE OR WILL BE SECURE, COMPLETE OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, BUGS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS OR WILL OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION. 

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CROWDTANGLE, FACEBOOK, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS (“CROWDTANGLE PARTIES”) BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THESE SERVICES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL CROWDTANGLE PARTIES BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN. 

WITH THE EXCEPTION OF ANY ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, ANY INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND ANY CLAIM OF BREACH OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CROWDTANGLE PARTIES DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTORY LIABILITY, BREACH OF A FUNDAMENTAL TERM, FUNDAMENTAL BREACH, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY (I) DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE LOSS OR DAMAGE, (II) LOST PROFITS OR SAVINGS, (III) BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, (IV) LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR DATA (INCLUDING ANY CONTENT), (V) LOST REVENUE OR FAILURE TO REALIZE EXPECTED SAVINGS, (VI) LOSS OF USE, (VII) PERSONAL INJURY, (VIII) FINES, FEES, PENALTIES, OR (VI) ANY OTHER LOSSES OR DAMAGES WHETHER OR NOT CROWDTANGLE IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO MAKE USE OF, THE SERVICES. 

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless CrowdTangle from and against all liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs) relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with any of the following: (a) your access to or use of the Services, including information provided in connection therewith; (b) your breach or alleged breach of our Terms of Service; or (c) any misrepresentation made by you. You will cooperate as fully as required by us in the defense or settlement of any Claim.

VII. GENERAL CONDITIONS

Technical support is only available via email.
You understand that CrowdTangle uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Services. CrowdTangle makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to such third party products, including software.
You understand that CrowdTangle’s service is built on API’s provided by third-party services, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and others, and from time-to-time, there are adverse events with respect to those APIs that are no fault of CrowdTangle’s. In those cases, CrowdTangle will not be held liable for any disruption of service.
The failure of CrowdTangle to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and CrowdTangle and governs your use of the Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and CrowdTangle (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). A printed version of these Terms of Service and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Service to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Any hardcopy subscription order entered into between you and CrowdTangle prior to January 11, 2017 will continue, in accordance with its terms, subject to the following two sentences. CrowdTangle may change these Terms of Service, as described above, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any agreement between you and CrowdTangle.  Any such changes (other than CrowdTangle’s right to change these Terms of Service) will not amend any conflicting provisions in a hardcopy subscription order entered into between you and CrowdTangle prior to the time such changes are made.
If any of the provisions contained in these Terms of Service are determined to be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of these Terms of Service and such determination shall not affect the remaining provisions contained herein.
You may not assign these Terms of Service or any of your rights or obligations under these Terms of Service to a third party. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms of Service shall ensure to the benefit of and be binding upon you and CrowdTangle and their respective successors (including any successor by reason of amalgamation) and assigns.
You agree that if you sue CrowdTangle and do not obtain judgment in your favor, you will pay all of CrowdTangle's costs, including reasonable fees for in-house and outside legal counsel.
You will resolve any claim, cause of action or dispute you have with us arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service or CrowdTangle exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims.  The laws of the State of California will govern these Terms of Service, as well as any claim that might arise between you and us, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
A party shall be excused from any delay or failure in performance hereunder due to any labor dispute, government requirement, act of God, Internet congestion or breakdown, or any other cause beyond its reasonable control. Such party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cure any such failure or delay in performance arising from such a condition, and shall timely advise the other party of such efforts.

Effective Date: January 11, 2017

TERMS OF USE
Your use of the Dailymotion Service implies your acceptance of these Terms of Use. We ask that you read them carefully.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.


SECTION 1: DESCRIPTION OF THE DAILYMOTION SERVICE
1.1. Dailymotion is an original, free video hosting website that enables users to access, view, upload, store and share videos. The Dailymotion Service is made up of the Dailymotion website, the Dailymotion video player that is embeddable onto any website, the Dailymotion apps and web-apps as accessible via any current or future device capable of distributing the Dailymotion website and/or the video player, and more generally any Dailymotion products, content, channels, software, data feeds, services and functionality (“Dailymotion Service”).

1.2. By accessing and/or using the Dailymotion Service, without being logged into Dailymotion Account, You will be hereinafter a “Visitor.” As a Visitor, You will only have the ability to access, view or share videos available on the Dailymotion Service, but will not be able to benefit from all the other features available on the Dailymotion Service. A “Dailymotion Account” means the video content storage space on the Dailymotion Service which is dedicated to a Viewer or a User Dailymotion Service that can be created by signing up for a Dailymotion Account via www.dailymotion.com.

1.3. If You want to be able to upload videos and access some other features of the Dailymotion Service, You will need to first create a Dailymotion Account and have your email address validated. You will then be a “User”, being though agreed that after having created Your Dailymotion Account and until You have validated Your email address according to the process defined below, You will be a “Viewer” and will not be able to upload videos or access the other features of the Dailymotion Service.

1.4. Information provided by You to create Your Dailymotion Account must be accurate and complete. In order for Dailymotion to verify that the email address You provided is valid, You will receive an email from Dailymotion asking You to validate Your email address.

1.5. By creating a Dailymotion Account, You agree that You alone will be responsible (to Dailymotion and to others) for all activity that occurs under Your Dailymotion Account. The user id and password which are necessary to access the Dailymotion Account and the features associated with it are Your sole responsibility and it is Your obligation to keep them confidential.

1.6. As a User, You will also have the ability to access some more additional features from the Dailymotion Service, and if and when you have accepted the terms of the Dailymotion Partner Program, you will then be a “Partner” and will have the opportunity to monetize Your Content uploaded on Your Dailymotion Account.

1.7. If You are a User, You may notably upload video files (that must be compliant with these Terms) on the Dailymotion Service, and have a nickname and an avatar that will be associated with Your Dailymotion Account. Any and all elements posted by You on the Dailymotion Service are deemed to be “Your Content.” If you are not a Partner, Your Content may be automatically set to “private mode” so that Your Content will only be available on the Dailymotion website to individuals who have the URL link for Your Content, however You or any third party will still have the ability to embed Your Content on any website through Dailymotion video player.


SECTION 2: ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
2.1. Whether You are a Visitor, a Viewer, a User or a Partner, either an individual or a single entity ("You" or "Your" as applicable), You signify Your express and unconditional agreement to: (1) these terms and conditions, (2) all other policies of Dailymotion, including but not limited to the Dailymotion privacy and cookie policies, as accessible at any time from the homepage of the Dailymotion website, and incorporated herein by reference, (all collectively, the “Terms”). You may not use the Dailymotion Service if You do not accept any of the Terms. You understand and agree that Dailymotion will treat Your use of the Dailymotion Service as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.

2.2. If you reside in a country of the European Economic Area, these Terms form a legally binding agreement between You and Dailymotion SA in relation to Your use of the Dailymotion Service. Any reference to “Dailymotion” in these Terms or any other policies of Dailymotion will then always refer to “Dailymotion SA” whose details are provided here.

If you reside in a country that is not part of the European Economic Area, these Terms form a legally binding agreement between You and Dailymotion Inc. in relation to Your use of the Dailymotion Service. Any reference to “Dailymotion” in these Terms or any other policies of Dailymotion will then always refer to “Dailymotion Inc.” whose details are provided here.

2.3. Dailymotion may, in its sole discretion, modify these Terms from time to time, and You agree to be bound by such modifications. Although we may attempt to notify You when major changes are made to these Terms, You should periodically review the most up-to-date version which shall always be accessible from the homepage of the Dailymotion website. If You do not agree to the modified Terms, Your only recourse is to stop using the Dailymotion Service. Your continued use of the Dailymotion Service after the date the modified Terms are posted will constitute Your acceptance of the modified Terms.

2.4. You shall not use the Dailymotion Service if (a) You are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Dailymotion, or (b) You are a person who is either barred or otherwise legally prohibited from receiving or using the Dailymotion Service under the laws of the country in which You are resident or from which You access or use the Dailymotion Service.

2.5. If You are not an individual, You represent to Dailymotion that You have all necessary corporate or equivalent authority and power to agree to the Terms which You agree shall be binding on the corporation, partnership, association or other entity in whose name You using or accessing the Dailymotion Service.


SECTION 3: YOUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
3.1. For the entire period during which Your Content is hosted on the Dailymotion Service, You grant to Dailymotion, and transferable to its affiliates, the non-exclusive rights to reproduce, represent, stream, replay (including offline display without permanent download), exploit, exhibit, show, market, distribute and to technically modify and compress Your Content as is strictly necessary for the purposes of the viewing and/or streaming of Your Content on the Dailymotion Service.

3.2. By making Your Content accessible on the Dailymotion Service, You agree to allow any Visitors of the Dailymotion Service , to view and to share Your Content through the Dailymotion video player on or through any declination of the Dailymotion Service, as accessible (online or offline) via any current or future device capable of distributing the Dailymotion Service by any means of access, including but not restricted to computers, smartphones, tablets, TV devices, IPTV platforms and/or game consoles free-of-charge.

3.3. Despite this allowance, Your Content shall always remain Your property. Please note that due to the nature of the Internet and digital media, data transmitted – including Your Content – cannot be protected against risks of misappropriation and/or piracy, for which Dailymotion shall not be liable. You are responsible for taking all appropriate steps to protect Your data, where applicable.


SECTION 4: OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
4.1. We grant You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable right to access and use the Dailymotion Service, which right is conditioned on Your compliance with the Terms.

4.2. The content (other than Your Content and other users' content) included on or accessible through the Dailymotion Service, such as text, graphics, logos, names, designations, button icons, features, functionalities, images, audio clips, information, data collected from the Dailymotion Service, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, and other material and software (the “Dailymotion Content”), is the exclusive property of Dailymotion and its licensors, and is protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights and subject to applicable laws and regulations.

4.3. Dailymotion Content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purpose whatsoever without the prior written consent of Dailymotion or Dailymotion's licensors. You agree to not use or exploit the Dailymotion Content in any manner inconsistent with any of the rights granted or restrictions set forth herein, including, without limitation, prohibitions on downloading, redistribution, alteration, deletion and deactivation of any content protection mechanisms. You are not allowed to modify, enhance, edit, translate, adapt, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based upon or otherwise alter in part or in full any Dailymotion Content.

4.4. All rights not expressly granted in the Terms are reserved to Dailymotion and its licensors.


SECTION 5: OUR LIABILITY AS HOST
5.1. In its capacity as a web hosting service provider, Dailymotion is under no legal obligation to monitor content uploaded on the Dailymotion Service, nor obligated to actively seek facts or circumstances indicating illegal content, but shall forthwith remove or disable access from its Dailymotion Service to any infringing content once having been notified of its existence.

5.2. You agree that Your use of the Dailymotion Service shall be at your sole risk and liability. In this regard, You are solely responsible for (i) Your use of the Dailymotion Service and more specifically for Your Content, and (ii) the protection of its computer hardware against any virus or interruption.

5.3. You acknowledge and agree that the Dailymotion Service, in whole or in part (including, without limitation, the look and feel, the thematic channels, the functionality, and/or the Dailymotion video player), on and through which Your Content will be distributed is provided “AS IS” without warranty, provided that Dailymotion may enhance, modify and update the Dailymotion Service at its sole discretion. For the sake of clarity, You shall not be entitled to request any modification to the Dailymotion Service.

5.4. Dailymotion, its affiliated companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, vendors and suppliers (the “DM Parties”) disclaim all warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law. The DM Parties also disclaim all warranties, take no responsibility and assume no liability for the content present on the Dailymotion Service, including but not limited to any mistakes, defamation, libel, slander, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity You may encounter on the Dailymotion Service. The DM Parties make no warranty or representation that the Dailymotion Service or its functionalities or technology, in whole or in part, will be uninterrupted, error-free or secure, including with respect to the delivery of Your content and/or any limitations on Your or any other Visitors ability to access, view or use Your Content or any other content, or that any information obtained from the Dailymotion Service will be accurate or reliable.

5.5. Dailymotion shall not be held responsible in any case for (i) any malfunctions, inherent of the nature of the Internet, in the access and/or the use of the Dailymotion Service, (ii) or any default of its obligations caused by force majeure or an unintentional cause. Unless otherwise stated herein, Dailymotion does not grant You any guarantee of any kind, whether expressly or implicitly, in any area, including and in particular any guarantee of fitness for a particular purpose.

5.6. Nothing herein shall exclude or limit Dailymotion's liability for losses which may not be lawfully excluded or limited by applicable law. Subject to this overall provision above, Dailymotion shall not be liable for: (a) any indirect or consequential losses which may be incurred by You. This shall include; (i) any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly); (ii) any loss of goodwill or business reputation; (iii) any loss of opportunity; or (iv) any loss of data suffered; (b) any loss or damage which may be incurred as a result of: (i) any reliance placed by You on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, or as a result of any relationship or transaction between You and any advertiser or sponsor whose advertising appears on the Dailymotion Service; (ii) any changes which Dailymotion may make to the Dailymotion Service, or for any permanent or temporary cessation in the provision of the Dailymotion Service (or any of its features); (iii) the deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store, any content and other communications data maintained or transmitted by or through Your use of the Dailymotion Service; (iv) Your failure to provide Dailymotion with accurate account information (v) Your failure to keep Your password or your accounts details secure and confidential.

5.7. The limitations on Dailymotion's liability defined in this section shall apply whether or not Dailymotion has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.
Some jurisdictions limit or do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or damages so the above disclaimer may not apply to the extent such jurisdiction's law applies to this agreement.


SECTION 6: RESTRICTIONS RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE DAILYMOTION SERVICE AND ITS RELATED TECHNOLOGIES
6.1. In view of the user-driven nature of the Dailymotion Service, and out of consideration for the general public, You are responsible for maintaining certain ethical standards respecting the Content You upload on the Dailymotion Service. You represent and warrant as an essential condition that Your Content, and any images, data and/or text which you may disseminate through the Dailymotion Service: (i) contains no child pornography; dangerous or illegal acts (including but not limited to incitement to violence, animal abuse or drug abuse); unlawful, obscene, defamatory or libelous material; images of rape or abuse; images of bestiality; or any sexually explicit content (including but not limited to intercourse, masturbation, sadistic or masochistic abuse, explicit depiction of male or female genitalia or pubic areas, pedophilia or necrophilia); (ii) does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party (including but not limited to sound, music, excerpts from any animated or non-animated television shows, short, medium-length and/or feature-length films, advertisements or any other material that You have not created yourself or for which You do not have the necessary clearances and permissions from third party rights owners or copyright royalty collection organizations in such materials); (iii) does not infringe personal rights (i.e. that is not defamatory and does not contain insults, abuse, libel, etc.) or personal privacy (including an individual's right to his or her image); (iv) is not contrary to public policy and accepted moral standards; (v) does not display, incite or otherwise promote illegal or immoral activity, and (vi) does not violate any applicable laws or regulations.

6.2. By uploading or disseminating images, data, and/or text to or through the Dailymotion Service, You warrant that You are not uploading any infringing material and expressly warrant that You have all necessary rights and/or authorizations from the copyright owner(s) and have paid any royalties or other fees pursuant to any licenses or permissions needed to upload and distribute Your Content on the Dailymotion Service.

6.3. Dailymotion reserves the right to decide in its sole discretion whether Your Content, Your Dailymotion Account and/or Your use of the Dailymotion Service violates these Terms for any reasons other than copyright infringement, such as, but not limited to, pornography, obscenity, or excessive length. Failure to comply with these Terms may result in (i) Your Content being removed and/or (ii) Your Dailymotion Account being deactivated and/or (iii) your use of the embeddable Dailymotion video player being blocked and/or (iv) any elements or data related to Your Content or to Your Dailymotion Account being modified or removed (i.e. allegedly infringing username, metadata considered inappropriate, etc.) from the Dailymotion Service, without prior notice. In addition, Dailymotion reserves the right to report any violation of these provisions to applicable legal authorities and You may be personally liable to criminal sanctions applicable to the content in question (fines and imprisonment), in addition to any applicable civil damages.

6.4. Because the Dailymotion Service is not designed as a video back-up service, You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to safeguard Your video files. In accordance with internet practice and custom, advertisements may be incorporated into the Dailymotion Service and then associated to your Dailymotion Account and/or Your Content.

6.5. Moreover, You shall not (i) falsely increase the number of views, impression of or clicks associated with Your Content or other users’ content either directly or indirectly, or automatically or manually, or (ii) authorize or encourage any third party including offering any financial incentive to do the same.

6.6. You also warrant that any website or applications on which You export Your Content and/or other users’ content through the embeddable Dailymotion video player does not include any element that: (i) breaches any intellectual property rights of any third parties or (ii) constitutes an injury to any person (including defamation, slander, abuse, etc.) or to any third party’s privacy rights or (iii) encourages violence or hatred against any individual or group, or cruelty to animals (iv) or contains sexually explicit or highly suggestive content or (v) encourages drug use or any illegal activity (vi) constitutes a threat to public order or standards of decency and good morals or (vii) violates any applicable laws. Moreover, You warrant that Your use of the embeddable Dailymotion video player shall not be made for: (i) any activity which may imply any kind of product, trademark or artist endorsement without authorization from the applicable rights owner or (ii) resale of any kind of the Dailymotion Service or (iii) any unauthorized third party contests or (iv) synchronization of the underlying musical composition that might be embodied in the content displayed through the embeddable Dailymotion video player or any other use with any visual media output. You also shall not modify, build upon or block any portion or functionality of the Dailymotion video player including but not limited to links back to the Dailymotion website. By embedding Your Content and/or other user’s content through the embeddable Dailymotion video player on any website or applications, You warrant that You have all the necessary rights and/or authorizations from the owner(s) of such website or applications and have paid any royalties or other fees pursuant to any licenses or permissions needed to such distribution.

6.7. You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Dailymotion Service (including but not limited to the Dailymotion video player and its related technologies).You agree not to (or attempt to) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with any security related features of the Dailymotion Service or features that (i) prevent or restrict use or copying of content or (ii) enforce limitations on use of the Dailymotion Service or the content accessible via the Dailymotion Service. You agree not to collect or harvest any personal data of any Visitor, Viewer, User or Partner of the Dailymotion Service and to not use the Dailymotion Service) for the solicitation of business in the course of trade or in connection with a commercial enterprise.

6.8. You agree not to use the Dailymotion Service and any of its related technologies (including without restriction the Dailymotion video player, the website, the app and the webapp) for any commercial use unless You obtain Dailymotion's prior written approval, in particular any of the following uses: (i) the sale of access to the Dailymotion Service, (ii) the sale of advertising, sponsorships or promotions placed on or within the Dailymotion Service or content or Dailymotion video player.

6.9. You agree not to access content hosted on the Dailymotion Service for any reason other than your personal, non-commercial use solely as intended through and permitted by the normal functionality of the Dailymotion Service, and solely for Streaming purposes. "Streaming" means a digital transmission of an audiovisual work from the Dailymotion Service to a Visitor operated Internet enabled device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-time viewing and not intended to be permanently downloaded, copied, stored, or redistributed by the Visitor. Accessing a Dailymotion user’s content for any purpose or in any manner other than Streaming and personal use is expressly prohibited. If You wish to use another user’s content for any other purpose, in particular for commercial use, You are solely responsible for obtaining the necessary advance authorization. You agree and shall indemnify and hold Dailymotion- harmless from and against any liability, loss, damages (including punitive damages), claim, settlement payment, cost and expense, interest, award, judgment, diminution in value, fine, fee (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), and penalty, or other charge (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and all other cost of investigating, defending or asserting any claim for indemnification under these Terms) arising from or relating to (i) Your Content, (ii) Your violation of the Terms or any other policy of Dailymotion; (iii) Your use of the Dailymotion Service; and (iv) Your violation of any third party rights, including without limitation any copyright, property, publicity or privacy rights.

6.10  You acknowledge and agree that some other Partners are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and as such they may have the right to enforce these Terms against You as a third party beneficiaries of these Terms.


SECTION 7: REPORTING PROHIBITED CONTENT
7.1. Dailymotion has established an easily accessible means of allowing anyone to notify it of the availability of infringing content or illegal content and/or activity on the Dailymotion Service. Such processes to notify Dailymotion of prohibited content are described in detail at the following URL: http://www.dailymotion.com/legal/prohibited.

7.2. If You notice infringing or illegal content and/or activity on the Dailymotion Service, You can report it to us at any time by contacting us via the form available from the homepage of the Dailymotion website.


SECTION 8: DATA AND PRIVACY
8.1. The records of Dailymotion are stored on our systems in accordance with standard safety practices and applicable laws. The Dailymotion records shall be considered proof of emails exchanged, registration forms sent, videos uploaded, and other activity within the Dailymotion Service, being agreed that, in the event of a discrepancy between our records and any paper or electronic documents in Your possession, our records shall be authoritative and controlling.

8.2. The Dailymotion Service may contain links to websites operated by other entities (a "Linked Site"). If You decide to visit any Linked Site, You do so at Your own risk and it is Your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements.Dailymotion has no responsibility to You with respect to any Linked Site, and no Linked Site, regardless of the linking form (e.g. hotlinks, hypertext links, IMG links) is maintained, controlled, endorsed, monitored or otherwise governed by Dailymotion.

8.3. Dailymotion takes very seriously Your privacy and the protection of Your personal data, collected and processed in connection with Your use of the Dailymotion Service. If You want to find out more about the personal data collected, how we collect them and the related processes, You can check our Privacy Policy available at any time on the Dailymotion website.


SECTION 9: MISCELLANEOUS
9.1. You acknowledge and agree that the Terms will continue to be enforceable for as long as You use the Dailymotion Service or any of its features, whether or not if you are a Visitor, a Viewer, a User or a Partner. For the sake of clarity, watching videos from the Dailymotion Service, exporting the Dailymotion video player, and/or maintaining a Dailymotion Account are all deemed to be uses of the Dailymotion Service.

9.2. Any obligations which expressly or by their nature are to continue after termination, cancellation, or expiration of the Terms shall survive and remain in effect after such happening.

9.3. If you reside in a country of the European Economic Area, you agree that any dispute between You and Dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms or Your use of the Dailymotion Service shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of France, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. You also agree that any claim or dispute between You and Dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Paris.

If you reside in a country that is not part of the European Economic Area, You agree that any dispute between You and Dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms or Your use of the Dailymotion Service shall be interpreted in accordance with the New York laws, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. You also agree that any claim or dispute between You and Dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in the New York county.

9.4. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between Dailymotion and You with respect to the Dailymotion Service and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between You and Dailymotion with respect to the Dailymotion Service.

9.5. A printed version of the Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and record originally generated and maintained in printed form.

9.6. You agree that Dailymotion may provide You with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms, by email, regular mail, or postings on the Dailymotion Service.

9.7. If one or more provision of the Terms is considered to be invalid as such or as a result of the application of a law, regulation, or the decision of a competent body having jurisdiction, it will be treated as not forming part of the Terms and all other conditions of these Terms will remain in force.

9.8. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.



Last Updated: May 23rd 2018

DELIVEROO TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE

Welcome to deliveroo.co.uk website and our applications (each our "Service"). This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms and conditions on which our partner restaurants supply any of their meals (the "Meals") listed on our site to you. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before ordering any Meals from our site. By accessing our site and placing an order you agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions and our terms of use policy.

If you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions please contact support@deliveroo.co.uk before you place an order. If you do not accept these terms and conditions in full please do not use our Service.
1. INFORMATION ABOUT US
deliveroo.co.uk is a website operated by Roofoods Limited ("we" or "us" or "Deliveroo"), incorporated and registered in the England and Wales, whose registered office is at 1 Cousin Lane, London, EC4R 3TE, United Kingdom. Our Company registration number is 08167130. Our VAT number is 150 0190 65. Deliveroo is a business where the food is prepared by independent restaurants (our "Partner Restaurants") and delivered by us.
2. PURPOSE
The purpose of our Service is to provide a simple and convenient service to you, linking you to the Partner Restaurant and menu of their choice and allowing you to order Meals from them. Deliveroo markets Meals on behalf of our Partner Restaurants, concludes orders on their behalf and delivers the Meals to you.
3. SERVICE AVAILABILITY
Deliveroo offers an ordering and delivery service from our Partner Restaurants throughout London and elsewhere in the UK. Each Partner Restaurant has a prescribed delivery area. This is to ensure that their Meals reach your door when they are at their best. If you live outside the delivery areas, a message will appear on screen notifying you that ordering online will not be possible. We do not accept orders from individuals to a post code in which we do not have a Partner Restaurant. Operating hours will vary depending on local trading conditions and the availability of our Partner Restaurants. Please click on the relevant link to view the menus on our Service, and then click on your chosen menu which will provide you with the option to submit your order to your chosen Partner Restaurant.
4. ORDERS
When you place an order through our Service, an email thanking you for your order and confirming your order has been received and accepted by the Partner Restaurant (the "Confirmation Email") will be sent to you by us on behalf of the Partner Restaurant. The contract for the supply of any Meal you order through us will be between you and the Partner Restaurant and will only be formed when you have been sent the Confirmation Email by us. Please ensure that you have given us a correct email address as this is how we will communicate with you about your Order. Please also ensure that you provide an accurate address and telephone number to ensure that your Meals arrive to the correct location. If you do not open the door or respond to telephonic correspondence within 10 minutes of our delivery drivers physically reaching your address, we reserve the right to leave the premises, and you will be charged for the Meal. Deliveroo seeks to provide a quality service and will be the first contact in event in there is a problem with your Meal either in regards to food quality and/or temperature. We do monitor our Partner Restaurants very closely and it is of utmost importance to us that they comply with our standards and help us to maintain our reputation. Please let us know if you have any comments relating to our Partner Restaurants or in respect of the Meals by emailing or calling us.
5. MEALS
All Meals are subject to availability. Your Partner Restaurant may offer an alternative for any Meal it cannot provide you with. Our Partner Restaurants may use nuts in the preparation of certain Meals. Please call our Partner Restaurant prior to ordering if you have an allergy. Deliveroo cannot guarantee that any of the Meals sold by our Partner Restaurants are free of allergens.
6. SALE OF ALCOHOL
Persons placing an order for alcohol from our Partner Restaurants must be aged 18 or over. Alcoholic beverages can only be sold and delivered to persons aged 18 or over. Deliveroo operates the Challenge 25 age verification policy whereby customers who are lucky enough not to look 25 or over, will be asked to provide proof of age to show that they are aged 18 or over. By placing an order that includes alcohol, you confirm that you are at least 18 years old. Deliveroo reserves the right to refuse to deliver any alcohol to any person who does not appear, or cannot prove they are, aged 18 or over. Deliveroo also reserves the right to refuse to deliver any alcohol to any person who is, or appears to be, under the influence of either alcohol or drugs.
7. AVAILABILITY AND DELIVERY
Our aim is to provide the best delivery service possible. Unfortunately things do not always go to plan and factors, such as traffic conditions and weather, may occasionally prevent us from achieving our targets in this regard. We will do our best to ensure that your Meal is delivered by the time specified in the email and webpage. The timing of your order is determined by taking into account the number of orders and the circumstances being faced by the Partner Restaurant at that time.
8. CANCELLATION
You have the right to cancel an order within a reasonable time and before the order becomes a Started Order. A Partner Restaurant will classify a bad order as any order which is cancelled after food has been used to start preparing the order (a "Started Order"). Customers can cancel an order by contacting the Partner Restaurant. Deliveroo and the Partner Restaurant may cancel any order and will tell you once we cancel an order. You will not be charged for any orders cancelled in accordance with this clause. Any payment made prior to an order being cancelled by Deliveroo or a Partner Restaurant will usually be reimbursed using the same method you used to pay for your order. Any order cancelled after it becomes a Started Order will be charged to you. Deliveroo alone will determine whether an order is a Started Order or not.
9. PRICE AND PAYMENT
The price of any Meals will be listed on our Service. Prices include VAT. Prices will vary between menus. Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which you have been presented with the Confirmation Email, save in the case of an obvious pricing mistake, whereby we will notify you as soon as we can about the pricing issue. You may be able to cancel your order once we notify you. Despite our best efforts, some of the Meals listed on our Service may be incorrectly priced. The relevant Partner Restaurant will normally verify prices as part of the order process. Payment for all Meals can be made by credit or debit card through our Service. Once your order has been confirmed your credit or debit card will have been authorised and the amount marked for payment. Payment is made directly to Deliveroo and is subsequently passed on by Deliveroo to the Partner Restaurant. We are authorised by our Partner Restaurants to accept payment on their behalf and payment of the price of any Meals to us will discharge your obligations to pay such price to the Partner Restaurant. When we make a delivery, we may at our sole discretion charge you a payment processing fee ("Delivery Fee") which will be notified to you before you complete your order.
10. OUR LIABILITY
To the extent permitted by law, Deliveroo provides our Service and content on an "as-is" and "as available" basis and we make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the content or availability of our Service, or that it will be timely or error-free or that defects will be corrected. Subject as provided below, neither Deliveroo nor any Partner Restaurant shall have have any liability to you for any direct, indirect, special or consequential losses or damages arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise arising from your use of or your inability to use our Service. In the event that Deliveroo or the Partner Restaurant is found to be liable to you our total aggregate liability is limited to the purchase price of the Meals you have paid for in your order. This does not include or limit in any way Deliveroo's or any Partner Restaurant's liability for any matter for which it would be illegal for us or it to exclude, or attempt to exclude, our or its liability, including liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
11. EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL
No party shall be liable to the other for any delay or non-performance of its obligations under this Agreement arising from any cause beyond its control including, without limitation, any of the following: act of God, governmental act, war, fire, flood, explosion or civil commotion. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in clause 11 shall excuse the Customer from any payment obligations under this Agreement.
12. WAIVER
Neither you, Deliveroo nor the Partner Restaurant shall be responsible to the others for any delay or non-performance of its obligations under this agreement arising from any cause beyond its control including, without limitation, any of the following: act of God, governmental act, war, fire, flood, explosion or civil commotion.
13. SEVERABILITY
If any provision of this agreement is judged to be illegal or unenforceable, the continuation in full force and effect of the remainder of the provisions shall not be prejudiced.
14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These terms contain the whole agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter and supersede all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings between the parties relating to that subject matter.
15. OUR RIGHT TO VARY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Deliveroo may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.
16. LAW AND JURISDICTION
The English courts will have jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, any use of our Services. These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
DELIVEROO TERMS OF USE FOR WEBSITE AND APPLICATIONS

This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website deliveroo.co.uk (our "Site") or any application we make available via an app store or otherwise (our "Service"), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use or Site or our Service. By accessing our Site or by using our Service, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, do not use access our Site or use our Service.
1. INFORMATION ABOUT US
deliveroo.co.uk is a website operated by Roofoods Limited ("we", "us" or "Deliveroo"), incorporated and registered in the England and Wales, whose registered office is at 1 Cousin Lane, London, EC4R 3TE, United Kingdom. Our Company registration number is 08167130. Our VAT number is 150 0190 65. Deliveroo is a business where the food is prepared by independent restaurants (our "Partner Restaurants") and delivered by us.
2. ACCESSING OUR SERVICE OR OUR SERVICES
Access to our Site and to our Service is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend access to our Site or our Service without notice (see below). We will not be liable if, for any reason, our Site or our Service is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts our Site or our Service, or our entire Site or Service to users who have registered with us. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentially of your login details and any activities that occur under your account. If you have any concerns about your login details or think they have been misused, you should contact support@deliveroo.co.uk straight away to let us know. We can deactivate your account at any time.
3. ACCEPTABLE USE
You may use our Service only for lawful purposes. You may not use our Site or our Service in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation or to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards in clause 5 below. You also agree not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our Site or our Service or any network or equipment used in the provision of our Service.
4. INTERACTIVE FEATURES OF OUR SITE
We may from time to time provide certain features which allow you to interact through our Site or our Service such as chat rooms. Generally, we do not moderate any interactive service we provide although we may remove content in contravention of these Terms of Use as set out in section 6. If we do decide to moderate an interactive service, we will make this clear before you use the service and normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
5. CONTENT STANDARDS
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our Service (the "Contributions"), and to any interactive services associated with it. You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any Contributions as well as to its whole. Contributions must be accurate (where they state facts), be genuinely held (where they state opinions) and comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted. Contributions must not:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory, promote sexually explicit material or promote violence or promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
infringe any copyright, database right or trademark of any other person;
be likely to deceive any person or be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence or promote any illegal activity;
be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case; or
advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
6. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
Failure to comply with section 3 (Acceptable Use) and/or 5 (Content Standards) in these Terms of Use constitutes a material breach of the Terms of Use, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:

immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Service;
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our Service;
issuing of a warning to you;
legal action against you including proceedings for reimbursement of all costs on an (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
The responses described in this clause are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
We are the owner of or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Site and our Service, and in the material published on it (excluding your Contributions). Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use any content on our site in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use.
8. RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
Commentary and other materials posted on our Service are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our Service, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
9. OUR SITE AND OUR SERVICE CHANGE REGULARLY
We aim to update our Site and our Service regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our Site and our Service, or close them indefinitely. Any of the material on our Site or our Service may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
10. OUR LIABILITY
We have taken every care in the preparation of our Site and our Service. However, we will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in relation to such content or for any technical problems you may experience with our Site or our Service. If we are informed of any inaccuracies on our Site or in our Service we will attempt to correct this as soon as we reasonably can. To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all liability (whether arising in contract, in negligence or otherwise) for loss or damage which you or any third party may incur in connection with our Site, our Service, and any website linked to our Site and any materials posted on it. This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
11. INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR VISITS TO OUR SITE AND USE OF OUR SERVICE
We collect certain data about you as a result of you using our Service. This is described in more detail in our privacy policy.
12. UPLOADING MATERIAL TO OUR SITE AND OUR SERVICE
Any material you upload to our Service or data that we collect as set out above (section 11) will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you acknowledge and agree that we have the right to use, copy, distribute, sell and disclose to third parties any such material or data for any purpose related to our business. To the extent that such material is protected by intellectual property rights, you grant us a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free licence to use, copy, modify, distribute, sell and disclose to third parties any such material or data for any purpose related to our business.
13. LINKS FROM OUR SITE
Where our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
14. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
The English courts will have jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our Site or use of our Services. These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
15. VARIATIONS
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.
16. YOUR CONCERNS
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our Service, please contact support@deliveroo.co.uk

About Us: Terms of Service
Introduction

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms") carefully. They contain the legal terms and conditions that govern your use of services provided to you by DeviantArt, including information, text, images, graphics, data or other materials ("Content") and products and services provided through www.DeviantArt.com , shop.deviantart.com , Sta.sh and other DeviantArt mobile applications as well as all elements, software, programs and code forming or incorporated in to www.DeviantArt.com (the "Service"). This Service is operated by DeviantArt, Inc. ("DeviantArt"). DeviantArt is also referred to in these Terms as "we", "our", and "us".



By using our Service, you agree to be bound by Section I of these Terms ("General Terms"), which contains provisions applicable to all users of our Service, including visitors to the DeviantArt website (the "Site"). If you choose to register as a member of our Service or purchase products from the DeviantArt Shop, you will be asked to check a box indicating that you have read, and agree to be bound by, the additional terms set forth in Section II of these Terms ("Additional Terms").



Section I: General Terms



1. Availability

This Service is provided by DeviantArt on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis and DeviantArt reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Service, in its sole discretion, at any time and without notice. You agree that DeviantArt is and will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.



2. Privacy

DeviantArt has a firm commitment to safeguarding your privacy. Please review DeviantArt's Privacy Policy. The terms of DeviantArt's privacy policy are incorporated into, and form a part of, these Terms.



3. Trademarks

All brand, product and service names used in this Service which identify DeviantArt or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of DeviantArt and/or the relevant third parties. Nothing in this Service shall be deemed to confer on any person any license or right on the part of DeviantArt or any third party with respect to any such image, logo or name.



4. Copyright

DeviantArt is, unless otherwise stated, the owner of all copyright and data rights in the Service and its contents. Individuals who have posted works to DeviantArt are either the copyright owners of the component parts of that work or are posting the work under license from a copyright owner or his or her agent or otherwise as permitted by law. You may not reproduce, distribute, publicly display or perform, or prepare derivative works based on any of the Content including any such works without the express, written consent of DeviantArt or the appropriate owner of copyright in such works. DeviantArt does not claim ownership rights in your works or other materials posted by you to DeviantArt (Your Content). You agree not to distribute any part of the Service other than Your Content in any medium other than as permitted in these Terms of Service or by use of functions on the Service provided by us. You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service unless expressly permitted to do so by us or by use of functions on the Service provided by us.



5. Reporting Copyright Violations

DeviantArt respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Service to do the same. At DeviantArt's discretion and in appropriate circumstances, DeviantArt may remove Your Content submitted to the Site, terminate the accounts of users or prevent access to the Site by users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe the copyright in your work or in the work for which you act as an agent has been infringed through this Service, please contact DeviantArt's agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement, Daniel Sowers who can be reached through violations@deviantart.com. You must provide our agent with substantially the following information, which DeviantArt may then forward to the alleged infringer (see 17 U.S.C. 512 (c)(3) for further details):

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Please see DeviantArt's Copyright Policy for further information and details.



6. External Links

DeviantArt may provide links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that DeviantArt is not responsible or liable for: the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or the Content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by DeviantArt of such websites or resources or the Content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.



7. Third Party Software

As a convenience, we may make third-party software available through the Service. To use the third-party software, you must agree to the terms and conditions imposed by the third party provider and the agreement to use such software will be solely between you and the third party provider. By downloading third party software, you acknowledge and agree that the software is provided on an "AS IS" basis without warranty of any kind. In no event shall DeviantArt be liable for claims or damages of any nature, whether direct or indirect, arising from or related to any third-party software downloaded through the Service.



8. Conduct

You agree that you shall not interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or disrupt) this Service or servers or networks connected to this Service, or to disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to this Service; or provide any information to DeviantArt that is false or misleading, that attempts to hide your identity or that you do not have the right to disclose. DeviantArt does not endorse any content placed on the Service by third parties or any opinions or advice contained in such content. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless DeviantArt, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and expert fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Services, or your violation of these Terms.



9. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability

DEVIANTART MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE, OR THE CONTENT OR PRODUCTS, PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. DEVIANTART DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. DEVIANTART MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS SERVICE. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT DEVIANTART IS NOT LIABLE FOR YOUR DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT, OR SUCH CONDUCT BY THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU EXPRESSLY ASSUME ALL RISKS AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR DAMAGES AND LOSSES ARISING FROM SUCH CONDUCT. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS, LIMITED REMEDIES PROVIDED HEREIN, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, DEVIANTART SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF DEVIANTART HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS, WAIVERS AND LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATIONS ON CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR DAMAGES. THEREFORE, SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL DEVIANTART'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO DEVIANTART PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT.



10. Amendment of the Terms

We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time in our sole discretion. If you have registered as a member, we shall notify you of any material changes to these Terms (and the effective date of such changes) by sending an email to the address you have provided to DeviantArt for your account. For all other users, we will post the revised terms on the Site. If you continue to use the Service after the effective date of the revised Terms, you will be deemed to have accepted those changes. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, your sole remedy shall be to discontinue using the Service.



11. General

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between DeviantArt and you with respect to your use of the Service. DeviantArt's failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If a court should find that one or more provisions contained in these Terms is invalid, you agree that the remainder of the Terms shall be enforceable. DeviantArt shall have the right to assign its rights and/or delegate its obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or business entity. You may not assign your rights or delegate your obligations under these Terms without the prior written consent of DeviantArt. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. Any disputes arising under or in connection with these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the State of California.



12. Comments

If you have any comments or questions about the Service please contact us by email at help@deviantart.com.



Section II: Additional Terms



13. Registration

To register as a member of the Service or purchase products, you must be 13 years or lawfully permitted to enter into and form contracts under applicable law. In no event may minors submit Content to the Service. You agree that the information that you provide to us upon registration, at the time of purchase, and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete. You also agree that you will ensure that this information is kept accurate and up to date at all times. This is especially important with respect to your email address, since that is the primary way in which we will communicate with you about your account and your orders.



14. Password

When you register as a member you will be asked to provide a password. You are responsible for safeguarding the password and you agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You agree that you shall be solely responsible for any activities or actions under your password, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions. You shall immediately notify DeviantArt of any unauthorized use of your password.



15. Submitting Content

Chat Rooms and Forums - As a registered member of the Service, you will be granted the privilege of participating in chat rooms and forums on the DeviantArt website as part of the Service, which means you may post Your Content in the form of text for display in these areas of the DeviantArt website, subject to your compliance with the Terms.



Artist Materials - As a registered member of the Service, you will also be granted the privilege of submitting certain types of Your Content, known as "Artist Materials," for display on your user page. Prior to submitting Artist Materials, you must accept the additional terms and conditions of the Submission Policy, which is incorporated into, and forms a part of, the Terms.



16. Copyright in Your Content

DeviantArt does not claim ownership rights in Your Content. For the sole purpose of enabling us to make your Content available through the Service, you grant to DeviantArt a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, distribute, re-format, store, prepare derivative works based on, and publicly display and perform Your Content. Please note that when you upload Content, third parties will be able to copy, distribute and display your Content using readily available tools on their computers for this purpose although other than by linking to your Content on DeviantArt any use by a third party of your Content could violate paragraph 4 of these Terms and Conditions unless the third party receives permission from you by license.



17. Monitoring Content

DeviantArt has no ability to control the Content you may upload, post or otherwise transmit using the Service and does not have any obligation to monitor such Content for any purpose. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for all Content and material you upload, post or otherwise transmit using the Service.



18. Storage Policy

At this time, DeviantArt provides free online storage of Your Content to registered members of the Service. However, you acknowledge and agree that DeviantArt may, at its option, establish limits concerning your use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum number of days that Your Content will be retained by the Service, the maximum size of any Content files that may be stored on the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted to you for the storage of Content on DeviantArt's servers. Furthermore, you acknowledge that DeviantArt reserves the right to terminate or suspend accounts that are inactive, in DeviantArt's sole discretion, for an extended period of time (thus deleting or suspending access to your Content). Without limiting the generality of Section 9, DeviantArt shall have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Content maintained on the Service and you are solely responsible for creating back-ups of Your Content. You further acknowledge that DeviantArt reserves the right to modify its storage policies from time to time, with or without notice to you.



19. Conduct

You agree to be subject to and to conduct yourself in accordance with the DeviantArt Etiquette Policy.You are responsible for all of Your Content you upload, download, and otherwise copy, distribute and display using the Service. You must have the legal right to copy, distribute and display all parts of any content that you upload, download and otherwise copy, distribute and display. Content provided to you by others, or made available through websites, magazines, books and other sources, are protected by copyright and should not be uploaded, downloaded, or otherwise copied, distributed or displayed without the consent of the copyright owner or as otherwise permitted by law. Please refer to DeviantArt's Copyright Policy for further details.



You agree not to use the Service:

for any unlawful purposes;
to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any material that is obscene, offensive, blasphemous, pornographic, unlawful, threatening, menacing, abusive, harmful, an invasion of privacy or publicity rights, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, illegal or otherwise objectionable;
to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any material that infringes any copyright, trade mark, patent or other intellectual property right or any moral right or artist's right of any third party including, but not limited to, DeviantArt or to facilitate the unlawful distribution of copyrighted content or illegal content;
to harm minors in any way, including, but not limited to, uploading, posting, or otherwise transmitting content that violates child pornography laws, child sexual exploitation laws or laws prohibiting the depiction of minors engaged in sexual conduct, or submitting any personally identifiable information about any child under the age of 13;
to forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any material which is likely to cause harm to DeviantArt or anyone else's computer systems, including but not limited to that which contains any virus, code, worm, data or other files or programs designed to damage or allow unauthorized access to the Service which may cause any defect, error, malfunction or corruption to the Service;
for any commercial purpose, except as expressly permitted under these Terms;
to sell access to the Service on any other website or to use the Service on another website for the primary purpose of gaining advertising or subscription revenue other than a personal blog or social network where the primary purpose is to display content from DeviantArt by hyperlink and not to compete with DeviantArt.


19A. Commercial Activities

Commercial activities mean the offering, solicitation or sale of goods or services by anyone other than DeviantArt. Commercial activities with respect to the arts are permitted for registered members acting as individuals, for small corporations or partnerships engaged primarily in art-related activities in which one or more of the principals is a registered member or for those seeking to retain the services or works of a registered member. Commercial activities in the form of paid advertising on the Service are subject to the terms and conditions relating to the purchase of such advertising. No other commercial activities are permitted on or through the Service without DeviantArt's written approval. Any interactions with members of the Service with respect to commercial activities including payment for and delivery of goods and/or services and any terms related to the commercial activities including conditions, warranties or representations and so forth are solely between you and the other member. Paragraph 9, above, of these Terms of Service specifically applies with respect to commercial activities.



19B. Groups

As a registered member of the Service, you will also be able to participate as an administrator or member of a "Group" which is a set of user pages and applications formed for the purpose of collecting content, discussions and organizing members of the site with common interests. Further information about Groups can be found in our Etiquette Policy.

You agree to participate in a Group on the basis of its own rules consistent with these Terms of Service, the conduct set out in paragraph 19, above, and such other rules created by us for Groups from time to time including with respect to the use of Groups for commercial activities.
As an administrator or participant in a Group you acquire no ownership rights over the Group, the Group applications provided by us or over the right to conduct the activities of the Group.
Any Content or Artists Materials submitted to a Group remain, as between the Group and the user submitting such content, the property of the person who submitted the content.
Groups are managed by registered members of the Service and not by us. We are not responsible for the conduct of Group participants or administrators and will not interfere with the management or society of any specific Group or the rules it establishes for itself as long as they are consistent with these Terms of Service and our policies.
Groups may not be used to collect personal data about participants in Groups without the participant's express permission.
The Group application permits us to take appropriate action should intervention become necessary as a result of a violation of the Terms of Service or of any other of our policies. We can remove a Group and the Group's privileges at any time at our discretion.
The use in a Group name of trademarks or distinctive trade names of properties, goods or services is subject to objections from the owner of the marks and names. DeviantArt will respond to such objections by requiring an appropriate change in the name of the Group. The use of trademarks and trade names in Group names otherwise must be descriptive of Group activity or purpose. To avoid confusion and animosity, Groups wishing to name themselves after trademarked properties must include a further description in its name of the type of Group it expects to be such as "Master Photoshop Tutorials" instead of simply "Photoshop."
20. Suspension and Termination of Access and Membership

You agree that DeviantArt may at any time, and without notice, suspend or terminate any part of the Service, or refuse to fulfill any order, or any part of any order or terminate your membership and delete any Content stored on the DeviantArt Site, in DeviantArt's sole discretion, if you fail to comply with the Terms or applicable law.



21. Product Purchases from the DeviantArt Shop

From time to time, DeviantArt may make certain products available for purchase through the DeviantArt Shop. For example, you may have the opportunity to purchase "Artwork" that a registered member has listed for sale through the Print Program.



All payments are to be made in US dollars and prices are subject to change at any time. Postage and applicable sales taxes will be added to your order during the checkout process. Prices do not include any import duties that may be added by the order destination country. Delivery dates are provided as an estimate only.



In general, DeviantArt accepts returns on defective products or incorrect orders within thirty (30) days after receipt of your order. Please contact DeviantArt at https://help.deviantart.com/contact/ and we will let you know whether you need to return the product(s) to us. If you do need to make a return, simply send the product(s) within thirty (30) days of receipt in the original packaging along with a copy of your invoice or order acknowledgement. Original shipping charges are not refunded on returned items. Customers are responsible for all shipping charges back to DeviantArt on returned items, and DeviantArt will pay the shipping charges on replacement product(s). Returns can be for replacement, refund or credit at DeviantArt's discretion. If your return merchandise is accepted, we will post a credit to your account within 24 hours from the time that we receive the product(s). Each return is credited in the same manner as payment. For example, if you paid for your order with a credit card, the credit will be applied to that card.



EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 21, ANY PRODUCT PURCHASED THROUGH THE DEVIANTART SHOP IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. DEVIANTART'S SOLE OBLIGATION, AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCT PURCHASED THROUGH THE DEVIANTART SHOP SHALL BE FOR DEVIANTART TO PROVIDE A REPLACEMENT, REFUND OR CREDIT, AS SPECIFIED IN THE PRECEEDING PARAGRAPH.



22. Print Program

As a registered member of the Service, you will also be granted the privilege of listing certain types of Artist Materials, known as "Artwork," for sale through the DeviantArt Shop. Visit https://www.deviantart.com/sell/ for additional details on the Print Program. Prior to submitting Artwork for sale, you must accept the additional terms and conditions of the Print Program Agreement, which is incorporated into, and forms a part of, the Terms.



23. deviantDOLLARS

deviantDOLLARS are credits issued via contest winnings or made available as an option through print sales via the Print Program that can be used to purchase products through the DeviantArt Shop or pay for subscriptions. deviantDOLLARS are not legal currency and are not legal tender. To check your balance, simply go into your Messages, once there click on the Community Messages tab and on the right hand column click View My deviantDOLLARS and this will show you your current balance. deviantDOLLARS are nontransferable and deviantDOLLARS accrued in multiple accounts may not be combined. Your deviantDOLLARS credits cannot be redeemed for cash and cannot be used towards sales tax, gift certificates or past purchases. deviantDOLLARS are void where prohibited by law.
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH DIPLY CAREFULLY. BY USING THE DIPLY WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF YOU HAVE NOT READ THEM. IT IS IMPORTANT TO READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, IT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT MAY LIMIT YOUR RIGHTS, SUCH AS THE SECTION ENTITLED LIMITATIONS.

Intellectual Property
Copyright © 2018 Diply All rights reserved. The contents of this site are owned by and copyrighted by Diply and its suppliers and may contain trademarks of Diply or others. You may print, copy or save portions of this site for your own use only - provided that all copyright and trademark provisions contained on the site remain intact.

Unauthorized use of any portion of this site beyond that contained in the previous paragraph may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.

While Diply uses reasonable efforts to maintain this site in an up-to-date fashion, it does not warrant the completeness, timeliness or accuracy of any information contained on this site, and may make changes thereto at any time in its sole discretion without notice. All information contained herein is provided to users “as is”, “with all faults,” “as available” and at your sole risk.

User Responsibilities
You are responsible for all activity you conduct on the site. You will not use the site for purposes proscribed by Diply from time to time, including without limitation: illegal or inappropriate purposes; sending spam; perpetration of security breaches; hacking; privacy breaches; fraudulent activity; distribution of viruses or other harmful code; transmission, distribution, display or storage of any material protected by copyright, trade-mark, trade secret or other intellectual property right without proper authorization or rights, or material that is infringing, obscene, defamatory, fraudulent, untruthful, disrespectful, discriminatory, or abusive; any unauthorized access, alteration, theft, corruption or destruction of files, data, transmission facilities or equipment; or to interfere with any other person’s use and enjoyment of the site. If you are posting information on publicly accessible areas of this site, keep in mind that anyone can see it.

Diply is not responsible for and does not endorse anything users post on the site. Diply does not routinely monitor all material placed on the site, but may in its discretion delete or modify any material offending this agreement that comes to its attention. Diply may also suspend or terminate a user’s access to the site if it determines in its sole discretion that the user has violated any provision in this agreement.

Diply acquires no ownership interest in anything you post on this site. You grant to Diply an irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, copy, reproduce, make derivative works of, process, edit, alter, modify, publish, transmit, display, incorporate, reformat, translate, excerpt, and distribute for the purposes of the site, and any related uses or promotion, anything you post on publicly accessible areas of this site at no cost to Diply. You also waive all moral rights that you, as author, have, or may in the future have, with respect to same.

Infringing Content
If you reside outside of the United States and believe that anything posted on this site offends your copyright or other intellectual property rights, is defamatory, or otherwise infringes your rights, you may email Diply at the email address at the bottom hereof. We will take actions we believe are appropriate in the circumstances.

Infringing Content – DMCA notice
If you reside inside of the United States and believe that anything posted on this site offends your copyright you may email Diply at privacy@diply.com. We will take actions we believe are appropriate in the circumstances, including removing the material and contacting the person that posted it, to given them the option to file a counter notification. We may restore the material if we receive a counter notification. If you materially misrepresent that any material infringes your copyright, you may be liable for damages, including court costs and legal fees.

A notification of claimed infringement must be a written communication provided to Diply that includes substantially the following:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Diply to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Diply to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Limitations
All promises made by Diply are contained in this agreement. No promises implied by law (whether described as warranties, conditions, representations, or otherwise, and whether relating to merchantability, fitness, non-infringement, or otherwise) apply.

You cannot collect any damages from Diply for any reason (whether under legal theories of contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, operation of law or otherwise) that are not direct damages or exceed the amount paid by you to Diply hereunder for any goods or services that the claim arises from.

Diply relies on these limitations when entering this agreement and setting its fees. They are a fundamental and essential part of our arrangement, and apply even if this agreement has failed in its fundamental or essential purpose or been fundamentally breached.

Governing Law
This site is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario excluding any conflicts of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Any legal action against Diply shall take place in the courts of the Province of Ontario. The parties attorn to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario.

Links
Any third party sites that are linked to this site are not under Diply’s control. Diply does not itself sell any goods or services to its users. The site includes links to third parties from whom you can purchase items. Diply is not responsible for anything on the linked sites, including without limitation any content, links to other sites, any changes to those sites, or any policies those sites may have. Nor is Diply responsible in any way for any aspect of any goods or services you may purchase from those sites. Diply provides links as a convenience only and such links do not imply any endorsement by Diply of those sites.

Privacy
Please see our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.

No Offer for Sale
This site is for informational purposes only and nothing contained herein constitutes an offer for sale.

Changing these terms
Diply may change these terms by posting notice on its site. These terms were last revised on May 25, 2018.

Securities
Nothing on this site is intended to be an offering for sale of Diply securities to the public.

Contact Diply
Diply is operated by GoViral Inc, and may be contacted at info@diply.com
Dropbox Terms of Service
Posted: December 8, 2016

Effective: February 10, 2017

Thanks for using Dropbox! These terms of service ("Terms") cover your use and access to our services, client software and websites ("Services"). If you reside outside of the United States of America, Canada and Mexico ("North America") your agreement is with Dropbox International Unlimited Company, and if you reside in North America your agreement is with Dropbox, Inc. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your information while our Acceptable Use Policy outlines your responsibilities when using our Services.  By using our Services, you're agreeing to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy Policy and Acceptable Use Policy. If you're using our Services for an organization, you're agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization.

Your Stuff & Your Permissions
When you use our Services, you provide us with things like your files, content, messages, contacts and so on ("Your Stuff"). Your Stuff is yours. These Terms don't give us any rights to Your Stuff except for the limited rights that enable us to offer the Services.

We need your permission to do things like hosting Your Stuff, backing it up, and sharing it when you ask us to. Our Services also provide you with features like photo thumbnails, document previews, commenting, easy sorting, editing, sharing and searching. These and other features may require our systems to access, store and scan Your Stuff. You give us permission to do those things, and this permission extends to our affiliates and trusted third parties we work with.

Sharing Your Stuff
Our Services let you share Your Stuff with others, so please think carefully about what you share.

Your Responsibilities
You're responsible for your conduct. Your Stuff and you must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy. Content in the Services may be protected by others' intellectual property rights. Please don't copy, upload, download or share content unless you have the right to do so.

We may review your conduct and content for compliance with these Terms and our Acceptable Use Policy. With that said, we have no obligation to do so. We aren't responsible for the content people post and share via the Services.

Help us keep you informed and Your Stuff protected. Safeguard your password to the Services, and keep your account information current. Don't share your account credentials or give others access to your account.

You may use our Services only as permitted by applicable law, including export control laws and regulations. Finally, our Services are not intended for and may not be used by people under the age of 13. By using our Services, you are representing to us that you're over 13.

Software
Some of our Services allow you to download client software ("Software") which may update automatically. So long as you comply with these Terms, we give you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software, solely to access the Services. To the extent any component of the Software may be offered under an open source license, we'll make that license available to you and the provisions of that license may expressly override some of these Terms. Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law, you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile the Services, attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so.

Beta Services
We sometimes release products and features that we are still testing and evaluating. Those Services have been marked beta, preview, early access, or evaluation (or with words or phrases with similar meanings) and may not be as reliable as Dropbox's other services, so please keep that in mind.

Our Stuff
The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other US and foreign laws. These Terms don't grant you any right, title or interest in the Services, others' content in the Services, Dropbox trademarks, logos and other brand features. We welcome feedback, but note that we may use comments or suggestions without any obligation to you.

Copyright
We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do too. We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law, and such notices should be reported using our Copyright Policy.   We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and terminate accounts of repeat infringers.   Our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement on the Services is:

Copyright Agent
Dropbox, Inc.
333 Brannan Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
copyright@dropbox.com

Paid Accounts
Billing. You can increase your storage space and add paid features to your account (turning your account into a "Paid Account"). We'll automatically bill you from the date you convert to a Paid Account and on each periodic renewal until cancellation. If you're on an annual plan, we'll send you a notice email reminding you that your plan is about to renew within a reasonable period of time prior to the renewal date. You're responsible for all applicable taxes, and we'll charge tax when required to do so. Some countries have mandatory local laws regarding your cancellation rights, and this paragraph doesn't override these laws.

No Refunds. You may cancel your Dropbox Paid Account at any time. Refunds are only issued if required by law. For example, users living in the European Union have the right to cancel their Paid Account subscriptions within 14 days of signing up for, upgrading to or renewing a Paid Account.

Downgrades. Your Paid Account will remain in effect until it's cancelled or terminated under these Terms. If you don't pay for your Paid Account on time, we reserve the right to suspend it or reduce your storage to free space levels.

Changes. We may change the fees in effect but will give you advance notice of these changes via a message to the email address associated with your account.

Dropbox Teams
Email address. If you sign up for a Dropbox account with an email address provisioned by your organization, your organization may be able to block your use of Dropbox until you transition to an account on a Dropbox team (e.g., Dropbox Business plans or Dropbox Education) or you associate your Dropbox account with a personal email address.

Using Dropbox Teams. If you join a Dropbox team, you must use it in compliance with your organization's terms and policies. Please note that Dropbox team accounts are subject to your organization's control. Your administrators may be able to access, disclose, restrict, or remove information in or from your Dropbox team account. They may also be able to restrict or terminate your access to a Dropbox team account. If you convert an existing Dropbox account into part of a Dropbox team, your administrators may prevent you from later disassociating your account from the Dropbox team.

Termination
You're free to stop using our Services at any time.  We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Services with notice to you if: (a) you're in breach of these Terms, (b) you're using the Services in a manner that would cause a real risk of harm or loss to us or other users, or (c) you don't have a Paid Account and haven't accessed our Services for 12 consecutive months.

We'll provide you with reasonable advance notice via the email address associated with your account to remedy the activity that prompted us to contact you and give you the opportunity to export Your Stuff from our Services. If after such notice you fail to take the steps we ask of you, we'll terminate or suspend your access to the Services.

We won't provide notice before termination where: (a) you're in material breach of these Terms, (b) doing so would cause us legal liability or compromise our ability to provide the Services to our other users, or (c) we're prohibited from doing so by law.

Discontinuation of Services
We may decide to discontinue the Services in response to unforeseen circumstances beyond Dropbox's control or to comply with a legal requirement. If we do so, we'll give you reasonable prior notice so that you can export Your Stuff from our systems. If we discontinue Services in this way before the end of any fixed or minimum term you have paid us for, we'll refund the portion of the fees you have pre-paid but haven't received Services for.

Services "AS IS"
We strive to provide great Services, but there are certain things that we can't guarantee. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE ALSO DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some places don't allow the disclaimers in this paragraph, so they may not apply to you.

Limitation of Liability
WE DON'T EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WHERE IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO DO SO—THIS INCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR DROPBOX'S OR ITS AFFILIATES' FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES. IN COUNTRIES WHERE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF EXCLUSIONS AREN'T ALLOWED, WE'RE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU ONLY FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES THAT ARE A REASONABLY FORESEEABLE RESULT OF OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL OR OUR BREACH OF OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU. THIS PARAGRAPH DOESN'T AFFECT CONSUMER RIGHTS THAT CAN'T BE WAIVED OR LIMITED BY ANY CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT.

IN COUNTRIES WHERE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE ALLOWED, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WON'T BE LIABLE FOR: i) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ii) ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY.

THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT DROPBOX OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

IF YOU USE THE SERVICES FOR ANY COMMERCIAL, BUSINESS OR RE-SALE PURPOSE, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY. DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES AREN'T RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICES.

OTHER THAN FOR THE TYPES OF LIABILITY WE CANNOT LIMIT BY LAW (AS DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION), WE LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE GREATER OF $20 USD OR 100% OF ANY AMOUNT YOU'VE PAID UNDER YOUR CURRENT SERVICE PLAN WITH DROPBOX.

Resolving Disputes
Let's Try To Sort Things Out First. We want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against Dropbox, you agree to try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting dispute-notice@dropbox.com. We'll try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email. If a dispute is not resolved within 15 days of submission, you or Dropbox may bring a formal proceeding.

Judicial forum for disputes.  You and Dropbox agree that any judicial proceeding to resolve claims relating to these Terms or the Services will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California, subject to the mandatory arbitration provisions below. Both you and Dropbox consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in such courts. If you reside in a country (for example, European Union member states) with laws that give consumers the right to bring disputes in their local courts, this paragraph doesn't affect those requirements. 

IF YOU'RE A U.S. RESIDENT, YOU ALSO AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISIONS:
We Both Agree To Arbitrate. You and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to these Terms or the Services through final and binding arbitration by a single arbitrator, except as set forth under Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate below. This includes disputes arising out of or relating to interpretation or application of this "Mandatory Arbitration Provisions" section, including its enforceability, revocability, or validity.

Opt-out of Agreement to Arbitrate. You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by clicking here and submitting the opt-out form within 30 days of first registering your account. However, if you agreed to a previous version of these Terms that allowed you to opt out of arbitration, your previous choice to opt out or not opt out remains binding.

Arbitration Procedures. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. The arbitration will be held in the United States county where you live or work, San Francisco (CA), or any other location we agree to.

Arbitration Fees and Incentives. The AAA rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. Dropbox will pay all arbitration fees for individual arbitration for claims less than $75,000. If you receive an arbitration award that is more favorable than any offer we make to resolve the claim, we will pay you $1,000 in addition to the award. Dropbox will not seek its attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.

Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate. Either you or Dropbox may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco (CA) or any United States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services, or intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above. If the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in San Francisco County, California to resolve your claim.

NO CLASS ACTIONS. You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations aren't allowed. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this "Mandatory Arbitration Provisions" section will be deemed void.

Controlling Law
 These Terms will be governed by California law except for its conflicts of laws principles. However, some countries (including those in the European Union) have laws that require agreements to be governed by the local laws of the consumer's country. This paragraph doesn't override those laws.

Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Dropbox with respect to the subject matter of these Terms, and supersede and replace any other prior or contemporaneous agreements, or terms and conditions applicable to the subject matter of these Terms. These Terms create no third party beneficiary rights.

Waiver, Severability & Assignment
Dropbox's failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later. If a provision is found unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Terms will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible. You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms, and any such attempt will be void. Dropbox may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.

Modifications
We may revise these Terms from time to time to better reflect: (a) changes to the law, (b) new regulatory requirements, or (c) improvements or enhancements made to our Services.

If an update affects your use of the Services or your legal rights as a user of our Services, we'll notify you prior to the update's effective date by sending an email to the email address associated with your account or via an in-product notification. These updated terms will be effective no less than 30 days from when we notify you.

If you don't agree to the updates we make, please cancel your account before they become effective. Where applicable, we'll offer you a prorated refund based on the amounts you have prepaid for Services and your account cancellation date. By continuing to use or access the Services after the updates come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.

Terms and Conditions of Service

General

Duolingo websites (“Websites”) and mobile applications, including the Tinycards application (“Apps”) and related services (together with the Websites, the “Service”), including our language proficiency testing services (the “Duolingo English Test”) are operated by Duolingo, Inc. (“Duolingo,” “us,” or “we”). Access and use of the Service is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Service (“Terms and Conditions”). By accessing or using any part of the Service, you represent that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions including any future modifications. Duolingo may amend, update or change these Terms and Conditions. If we do this, we will post a notice that we have made changes to these Terms and Conditions on the Websites for at least 7 days after the changes are posted and will indicate at the bottom of the Terms and Conditions the date these terms were last revised. Any revisions to these Terms and Conditions will become effective the earlier of (i) the end of such 7-day period or (ii) the first time you access or use the Service after such changes. If you do not agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions, you are not authorized to use, access or participate in the Service.

PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS. VIEW THESE TERMS IN “GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION” BELOW.

Description of Service

The Service allows users to access and use a variety of educational services, including learning or practicing a language, taking examinations in the Duolingo English Test, and creating and viewing flashcards on the Tinycards App. Duolingo may, in its sole discretion and at any time, update, change, suspend, make improvements to or discontinue any aspect of the Service, temporarily or permanently.

Registration; Submission of Content

A. REGISTRATION

In connection with registering for and using the Service, you agree (i) to provide accurate, current and complete information about you and/or your organization as requested by Duolingo; (ii) to maintain the confidentiality of your password and other information related to the security of your account; (iii) to maintain and promptly update any registration information you provide to Duolingo, to keep such information accurate, current and complete; and (iv) to be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place through your account.

B. COURSE CONTRIBUTOR SUBMISSIONS

If you are or become a Course Contributor, you may offer to translate or have translated certain existing courses into other languages and you may offer to contribute new courses to the Service, as agreed between you and Duolingo on a case-by-case basis. Subject to any guidelines posted on the Service, you may perform any such translations or create any such courses in accordance with your own schedule and using your own facilities and resources. You are not required to become a Course Contributor and you may cease your activities as a Course Contributor at any time. You acknowledge that you do not desire and will not receive compensation for your activities as a Course Contributor or for our use of any Course Contributor Materials (as defined below) you submit. Any translation of an existing Duolingo course you submit or have submitted and any new language course you submit or have submitted as a Course Contributor (collectively, “Course Contributor Materials”) are owned by you (subject of course to us retaining ownership of the existing Duolingo course you translated). By submitting any Course Contributor Material, you grant us a fully paid up, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicensable license to reproduce, display, perform, modify, create derivative works of, distribute and otherwise use such Course Contributor Material in any manner.

C. GENERAL CONTENT

As a condition of submitting any ratings, reviews, information, data, text, photographs, audio clips, audiovisual works, translations, flashcards or other materials on the Services (“Content”), you hereby grant to Duolingo a royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, nonexclusive, transferable, and sublicensable license to use, reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, merge, distribute, publicly display, create derivative works from, incorporate such Content into other works; sublicense through multiple tiers the Content, and acknowledge that this license cannot be terminated by you once your Content is submitted to the Services. You represent that you own or have secured all legal rights necessary for the Content submitted by you to be used by you, Duolingo, and others as described and otherwise contemplated in these Terms and Conditions. You understand that other users will have access to the Content and that neither they or Duolingo have any obligation to you or anyone else to maintain the confidentiality of the Content.

Your Representations and Warranties

You represent and warrant to Duolingo that your access and use of the Service will be in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the United States and any other relevant jurisdiction, including those regarding online conduct or acceptable content, and those regarding the transmission of data or information exported from the United States and/or the jurisdiction in which you reside. You further represent and warrant that you have created or own any material you submit via the Service (including Translation Materials, Course Contributor Materials, Activity Materials, and Content) and that you have the right, as applicable, to grant us a license to use that material as set forth above or the right to assign that material to us as set forth below. If you register with the Duolingo English Test, you further represent and warrant that the identification materials you submit to Duolingo are true and accurate representations of legal identification documents, issued to you by a government entity in accordance with local laws, and that you are registering for the Duolingo English Test for the express purpose of taking a language examination. You further represent and warrant that you will carefully safeguard your password, user name, and account information, will not share your password or user name with any third party, and will not allow any third party to access your Duolingo English Test account for any purpose.

You represent and warrant that (1) you are not organized under the laws of, operating from, or otherwise ordinarily resident in a country or territory that is the target or comprehensive U.S. economic or trade sanctions (i.e., an embargo) or (2) identified on a list of prohibited or restricted persons, such as the U.S. Treasury Department’s List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, or (3) otherwise the target of U.S. sanctions.

Inappropriate Use

You will not upload, display or otherwise provide on or through the Service any content that: (i) is libelous, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harassing, hateful, offensive or otherwise violates any law or infringes upon the right of any third party (including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights); or (ii) in Duolingo’s sole judgment, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Service or which may expose Duolingo or its users to any harm or liability of any kind. You will not use the Duolingo English Test to collect information about our testing process or to develop strategy, guides or other testing preparation material or a similar testing service, and you will not violate any rules applicable to the English Test or otherwise cheat or circumvent the applicable procedures when taking an English Test.

Indemnification of Duolingo

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Duolingo and its directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents, suppliers, licensors, successors and assigns, from and against any and all losses, claims, causes of action, obligations, liabilities and damages whatsoever, including attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to your access or use of the Service, any false representation made to us (as part of these Terms and Conditions or otherwise), your breach of any of these Terms and Conditions, or any claim that any translation we provide to you is inaccurate, inappropriate or defective in any way whatsoever.

License to Apps

Subject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions, Duolingo grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to download, install, and use one copy of each App in object code form only on an interactive wireless device that you own or control. You may not derive or attempt to derive the source code of all or any portion of any App, permit any third party to derive or attempt to derive such source code, or reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or translate any App or any part thereof. Duolingo and its licensors own and shall retain all intellectual property rights and other rights in and to the Apps, and any changes, modifications, or corrections thereto. The following terms and conditions apply to you only if you are using the Apps from the Apple App Store. To the extent the other terms and conditions of these Terms and Conditions are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this paragraph, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this paragraph apply, but solely with respect to Apps from the Apple App Store. You acknowledge and agree that these Terms and Conditions are solely between you and Duolingo, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the Apps or content thereof. Your use of any App must comply with the App Store Terms of Service. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apps. In the event of any failure of any App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if any, for the App to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apps, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by these Terms and Conditions. You and Duolingo acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apps or your possession and/or use of any App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that an App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. You and Duolingo acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that any App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Duolingo, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms and Conditions. You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using any App. You and Duolingo acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and Conditions as they relate to your license of the Apps, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms and Conditions against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.

In-App Purchases

If you purchase an auto-renewing periodic subscription through the Service, your Duolingo account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you terminate it as set forth below. After your initial subscription period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically renew for an additional equivalent period. If you do not wish your subscription to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, you will need to log in to your Duolingo account and follow instructions to terminate or change your subscription, even if you have deleted your account.

In the Service, you may purchase, with “real world” money, a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use (a) “virtual currency,” including but not limited to virtual gems, solely for use in the Service, and (b) “virtual in-app items” (together with “virtual currency,” “Virtual Items”). You are allowed to purchase Virtual Items through the Service, and not in any other way.

Duolingo may manage, regulate, control, modify, or eliminate Virtual Items at any time, with or without notice. Duolingo may update the pricing of Virtual Items at any time in its sole discretion, and may add new Virtual Items for additional fees. Duolingo shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Duolingo exercises any such rights.

The transfer of Virtual Items is prohibited except where expressly authorized in the Service. Other than as expressly authorized in the Service, you shall not sell, redeem or otherwise transfer Virtual Items to any person or entity, including but not limited to Company, another user, or any third party.

You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using a Duolingo account registered to you. Duolingo may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the Service at any time. All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service must be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You will pay any applicable taxes, if any, relating to any such purchases, transactions or other monetary transaction interactions.

Payment Processors

All financial transactions made in connection with the Service will be processed by a third party in accordance with their respective terms of use, privacy policy, and/or any applicable payment terms and conditions. We encourage you to learn about the practices of such third party. In no event will Duolingo be responsible for the actions or inactions of any third party payment processor, including, but not limited to, system downtime or payment service outages.

Refund Policy

A. GENERAL

In the event that Duolingo suspends or terminates your use of the Service or these Terms and Conditions or you close your account voluntarily, you understand and agree that you will receive no refund or exchange of any kind, including for any unused virtual currency or other Virtual Item, any Content or data associated with your use of the Service, or for anything else.

B. DUOLINGO ENGLISH TEST

In the event of a Test Issue (described below), Duolingo will, at its option, either (a) provide the user with a refund for the affected test, or (b) use reasonable efforts to resolve the Test Issue. For purposes of this Section, “Test Issue” means: (i) the inability to complete the test due to a failure in the Websites or the Apps, or (ii) Test results are delivered more than 48 hours after the test is completed. Whether an issue constitutes a Test Issue will be determined by Duolingo in its reasonable discretion. For clarity, termination or suspension of your account or certain activities on the Service that results from a violation of Section 5 regarding the English Test rules and procedures does not constitute a “Test Issue” and will not result in a refund. The amount of any refund will depend on the nature of the Test Issue and will not exceed the total amount actually paid by the user for the affected test. To submit a valid claim for a refund, a user must (a) submit the Test Issue in writing to Duolingo within 24 hours after the Test Issue occurs, and respond to Duolingo’s requests for information or cooperation, (b) not have directly or indirectly caused the Test Issue, and (c) have met all test requirements when taking the test prior to making a claim for a Test Issue.

Third-Party Links, Sites, and Services

The Service may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Duolingo. We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services. If you access any third party website, service, or content from Duolingo, you understand that these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites. You expressly acknowledge and agree that Duolingo shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss arising from your use of any third-party website, service, or content.

The Service may include advertisements, which may be targeted to the Content or information on the Service, or other information. The types and extent of advertising by Duolingo on the Service are subject to change. In consideration for Duolingo granting you access to and use of the Service, you agree that Duolingo and its third party providers and partners may place such advertising in connection with the display of content or information submitted by you or others.

NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES BY DUOLINGO

THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ALL IMAGES, AUDIO FILES AND OTHER CONTENT THEREIN, AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION, PROPERTY AND RIGHTS GRANTED OR PROVIDED TO YOU BY DUOLINGO ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. DUOLINGO AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, DUOLINGO DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND RELATING TO ACCURACY, SERVICE AVAILABILITY, COMPLETENESS, INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, ERROR-FREE OPERATION, RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICE MAY BE UNAVAILABLE DURING PERIODS OF PEAK DEMAND, SYSTEM UPGRADES, MALFUNCTIONS OR SCHEDULED OR UNSCHEDULED MAINTENANCE OR FOR OTHER REASONS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

LIMITATION ON TYPES OF DAMAGES/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT WILL DUOLINGO BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY) FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE ACCESS OR USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE LOSS OF USE OF THE SERVICE, INACCURATE RESULTS, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR DAMAGES STEMMING FROM LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE, THE COST OF RECOVERING ANY DATA, THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OR CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DAMAGE TO COMPUTERS, SOFTWARE, MODEMS, TELEPHONES OR OTHER PROPERTY, EVEN IF DUOLINGO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. DUOLINGO’S LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO DUOLINGO FOR THE SERVICE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE INITIAL ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY. THIS IS AN AGGREGATE LIMIT. THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM HEREUNDER WILL NOT INCREASE THIS LIMIT.

Termination

Duolingo may terminate your access and use of the Service immediately at any time, for any reason, and at such time you will have no further right to use the Service. You may terminate your Duolingo account at any time by following the instructions available through the Service. The provisions of these Terms and Conditions relating to the protection and enforcement of Duolingo’s proprietary rights, your representations and warranties, disclaimer of representations and warranties, release and indemnities, limitations of liability and types of damages, ownership of data and information, governing law and venue, and miscellaneous provisions shall survive any such termination.

Proprietary Rights in Service Content and Activity Materials

All content available through the Service, including designs, text, graphics, images, information, software, audio and other files, and their selection and arrangement (the "Service Content"), are the proprietary property of Duolingo or its licensors. No Service Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, other than as expressly permitted in these Terms and Conditions. You may not use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods to obtain Service Content. As between you and Duolingo, all data, information and materials generated from your access and use of the educational activities made available on or through the Service, including translated content generated by you (collectively, the “Activity Materials”), shall be exclusively owned by Duolingo, and you shall not have any right to use such Activity Materials except as expressly authorized by these Terms and Conditions. Activity Materials will not include Translation Materials. By using the Service, you hereby assign to Duolingo any and all rights, title and interest, including any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, in the Activity Materials. All rights of Duolingo or its licensors that are not expressly granted in these Terms and Conditions are reserved to Duolingo and its licensors.

Trademarks

“Duolingo,” “Tinycards” and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Service are trademarks or service marks of Duolingo or their respective owners, and certain of them are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Access and use of the Service does not grant or provide you with the right or license to reproduce or otherwise use the Duolingo name or any Duolingo or third-party trademarks, service marks, graphics or logos.

Privacy

Use of the Service is also governed by our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is located at https://www.duolingo.com/privacy. By using the Service, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy.

Notice for Claims of Copyright Violations and Agent for Notice

If you are a copyright owner and have a good faith belief that any material available through the Service infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a copyright infringement notification to Duolingo pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act by providing us with the following information in writing:

an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service, with enough detail that we may find it on the Service;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Please consult your legal counsel for further details or see 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3). Duolingo’s Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:

By mail: 5900 Penn Avenue, Pittsburgh PA 15206, USA
By email: abuse@duolingo.com
Governing Law and Arbitration

These Terms and Conditions, its subject matter and Duolingo’s and your respective rights under these Terms and Conditions, as well as and any claim, cause of action or dispute (“claim”) arising out of or related to these Terms and Conditions, shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States of America, excluding the conflict of law provisions of that or any other jurisdiction, regardless of your country of origin or where you access the Service. ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR THE SERVICE WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION, RATHER THAN IN COURT, except for Duolingo’s right to seek injunctive relief as set forth below. Unless otherwise expressly required by applicable law, each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees without regard to which party is deemed the prevailing party in the arbitration proceeding.

If you do not want to arbitrate disputes with Duolingo and you are an individual, you may opt out of this arbitration agreement by sending an email to legal@duolingo.com within 30 days of the day you first access or use the Service.

If you intend to seek arbitration you must first send written notice to Duolingo’s Administration Office of your intent to arbitrate (“Notice”). The Notice to Duolingo should be sent by any of the following means: (i) electronic mail to legal@duolingo.com; or (ii) sending the Notice by U.S. Postal Service certified mail to Duolingo, Inc., Attention: Legal, 5900 Penn Ave; Pittsburgh, PA 15206. The Notice must (x) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (y) set forth the specific relief sought; and (z) set forth your name, address and contact information. If we intend to seek arbitration against you, we will send any notice of dispute to you at the contact information we have for you.

The arbitration will be conducted before a neutral single arbitrator in the County of Allegheny in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, whose decision will be final and binding, and the arbitral proceedings will be governed by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules, Consumer Due Process Protocol, and Supplementary Procedures for Resolution of Consumer Related Disputes, as modified by these Terms and Conditions. The AAA’s rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including the scope of this arbitration clause, but the arbitrator is bound by the terms of these Terms and Conditions. If you initiate arbitration, your arbitration fees will be limited to the filing fee set forth in the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules. We will reimburse all other AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees paid by you, unless the arbitrator determines that the arbitration was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, in which case the payment of all such fees shall be governed by the AAA rules. The arbitration will be conducted in the English language. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. For any claim where the potential award is reasonably likely to be $10,000 or less, either you or Duolingo may elect to have the dispute resolved through non-appearance-based arbitration.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, YOU AND DUOLINGO EACH AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDING WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, YOU AND DUOLINGO EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds the foregoing arbitration provisions invalid or inapplicable, you and Duolingo agree that all claims arising out of or related to these Terms and Conditions must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in the County of Allegheny in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and you and Duolingo each agree to submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims. Notwithstanding the above, you agree that Duolingo shall still be allowed to apply for and obtain injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.

Language

This agreement was originally written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.

Miscellaneous

These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between Duolingo and you concerning the subject matter hereof. In the event that any of the Terms and Conditions are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms and Conditions shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. A waiver by Duolingo or you of any provision of these Terms and Conditions or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. Duolingo may assign its rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions without condition. These Terms and Conditions will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of Duolingo and you, and Duolingo’s and your respective successors and permitted assigns.

Last revised on December 11th, 2017

ELECTRONIC ARTS
USER AGREEMENT
Last Updated: May 17, 2018

Welcome to EA. This Agreement governs your access and use of software products, such as game software contained on disc or downloaded, offered by EA and its subsidiaries ("EA") and related updates, upgrades and features as well as online and mobile services, features, content and websites offered by EA and/or live events hosted by or in connection with EA (collectively "EA Services"). This Agreement is between you and the EA entity listed in Section 13B below.

BY USING EA SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE EA SERVICES. FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN COUNTRIES, YOU AGREE TO THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 15 TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH EA.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

EA Account
License
Content and Entitlements
Availability of EA Services and Updates
Your UGC
Rules of Conduct
PC Products
Termination and Other Sanctions
Use of Data
Other Software, Utilities and Tools
Third Parties
Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
General Terms
Changes to this Agreement
Dispute Resolution by Binding Arbitration
Supplemental Terms for PlayStation®
1. EA Account

You need an EA Account to access and use many EA Services, including to play online.

To create an EA Account, you must have a valid email address, and provide truthful and accurate information. You must be eligible to use the EA Service for which you are registering and must be resident of a country where use of EA Services is permitted.

You must be at least 13 years of age (or such other minimum age as is applicable in your country of residence) to create an EA Account. If you are aged between the relevant minimum age and 18 (or the age of majority where you live), you and your parent or guardian must review this Agreement together. Parents and guardians are responsible for the acts of children under 18 years of age when using EA Services. EA recommends that parents and guardians familiarize themselves with parental controls on devices they provide their child.

You are responsible for the activity on your EA Account. Your EA Account may be suspended or terminated if someone else uses it to engage in activity that violates this Agreement.

You may cancel your EA Account at any time. You also may cancel a subscription to a particular EA Service at any time. Contact EA's Customer Service Department at help.ea.com to cancel your EA Account. To complete your request, EA may collect fees or costs incurred, if allowed by law, and any amounts owed to third-party vendors or content providers.

2. License

The EA Services are licensed to you, not sold. EA grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable, revocable and non-exclusive license to use the EA Services to which you have access for your non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement. You may not access, copy, modify or distribute any EA Service, Content or Entitlements (as those terms are defined below), unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. You may not reverse engineer or attempt to extract or otherwise use source code or other data from EA Services, unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. EA or its licensors own and reserve all other rights, including all right, title and interest in the EA Services and associated intellectual property rights.

3. Content and Entitlements

The EA Services include Content and Entitlements. Content is the software, technology, text, forum posts, chat posts, profiles, widgets, messages, links, emails, music, sound, graphics, pictures, video, code, and all audio visual or other material appearing on or emanating to or from EA Services, as well as the design and appearance of our websites. Content also includes user-generated Content ("UGC"). UGC includes EA Account personas, forum posts, profile content and other Content contributed by users to EA Services. All Content is either owned by EA or its licensors, or is licensed to EA and its licensors pursuant to Section 5 below.

Entitlements are rights that EA licenses to you to access or use the online or off-line elements of EA Services. Examples of Entitlements include access to digital or unlockable Content additional or enhanced functionality (including multiplayer services); subscriptions; virtual assets; unlock keys or codes, serial codes or online authentication; in-game achievements; virtual points, coins, or currencies.

We refer to these virtual points, coins or currencies as "EA Virtual Currency". When you obtain EA Virtual Currency from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access and select the Entitlements that EA expressly makes available to you.

EA Virtual Currency has no monetary value and has no value outside of our products and services. EA Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred, or exchanged for cash; it only may be redeemed for Entitlements available for the EA Service. EA Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused EA Virtual Currency. Once you redeem EA Virtual Currency for an Entitlement, that Entitlement is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable. If you live in Japan, you agree to use any EA Virtual Currency within 180 days from the date of purchase.

You will provide at your own expense the equipment, Internet connection and charges required to access and use EA Services.

4. Availability of EA Services and Updates

We do not guarantee that any EA Service, Content or Entitlement will be available at all times, in all locations, or at any given time or that we will continue to offer a particular EA Service, Content or Entitlements for any particular length of time. EA does not guarantee that EA Services can be accessed on all devices, by means of a specific Internet or connection provider, or in all geographic locations.

From time to time, EA may update, change or modify an EA Service, Content or Entitlements, without notice to you. These updates and modifications may be required in order to continue to use EA Services.

EA may need to update, or reset certain parameters to balance game play and usage of EA Services. These updates or "resets" may cause you setbacks within the relevant game world and may affect characters, games, groups or other Entitlements under your control.

5. Your UGC

You are responsible for your UGC. You may not upload UGC that infringes a third party's intellectual property rights or that violates the law, this Agreement or a third party's right of privacy or right of publicity.

EA may, in its sole discretion, remove, edit or disable UGC for any reason, including if EA reasonably determines that UGC violates this Agreement. EA does not assume any responsibility or liability for UGC, for removing it, or not removing it or other Content. EA does not pre-screen all UGC and does not endorse or approve any UGC available on EA Services.

When you contribute UGC, you grant to EA, its licensors and licensees a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, worldwide, sublicensable license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, publicly perform, publicly display or otherwise transmit and communicate the UGC, or any portion thereof, in any manner or form and in any medium or forum, whether now known or hereafter devised, without notice, payment or attribution of any kind to you or any third party. You also grant all other users who can access and use your UGC on an EA Service the right to use, copy, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise communicate and distribute your UGC on or through the relevant EA Service without further notice, attribution or compensation to you.

6. Rules of Conduct

When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not:
Violate any law, rule or regulation.
Interfere with or disrupt any EA Service or any server or network used to support or provide an EA Service, including any hacking or cracking into an EA Service.
Use any software or program that damages, interferes with or disrupts an EA Service or another's computer or property, such as denial of service attacks, spamming, hacking, or uploading computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses, cancelbots, spyware, corrupted files and time bombs.
Interfere with or disrupt another player's use of an EA Service. This includes disrupting the normal flow of game play, chat or dialogue within an EA Service by, for example, using vulgar or harassing language, being abusive, excessive shouting (all caps), spamming, flooding or hitting the return key repeatedly.
Harass, threaten, bully, embarrass, spam or do anything else to another player that is unwanted, such as repeatedly sending unwanted messages or making personal attacks or statements about race, sexual orientation, religion, heritage, etc. Hate speech is not tolerated.
Contribute UGC or organize or participate in any activity, group or guild that is inappropriate, abusive, harassing, profane, threatening, hateful, offensive, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invades another's privacy, or is otherwise reasonably objectionable.
Publish, post, upload or distribute UGC or content that is illegal or that you don't have permission to freely distribute.
Publish, post, upload or distribute any content, such as a topic, name, screen name, avatar, persona, or other material or information, that EA (acting reasonably and objectively) determines is inappropriate, abusive, hateful, harassing, profane, defamatory, threatening, hateful, obscene, sexually explicit, infringing, privacy-invasive, vulgar, offensive, indecent or unlawful.
Post a message for any purpose other than personal communication. Prohibited messages include advertising, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes and other types of solicitation or commercial activities.
Impersonate another person or falsely imply that you are an EA employee or representative.
Improperly use in-game support or complaint buttons or make false reports to EA staff.
Attempt to obtain, or phish for, a password, account information, or other private information from anyone else on EA Services.
Use any robot, spider or other automated device or process to access this website for any purpose or copy any material on this website.
Use or distribute unauthorized software programs or tools, such as "auto" software programs, "macro" software programs, "cheat utility" software program or applications, exploits, cheats, or any other game hacking, altering or cheating software or tool.
Modify any file or any other part of the EA Service that EA does not specifically authorize you to modify.
Use exploits, cheats, undocumented features, design errors or problems in an EA Service.
Use or distribute counterfeit software or EA Content, including EA Virtual Currency.
Attempt to use an EA Service on or through any service that is not controlled or authorized by EA.
Sell, buy, trade or otherwise transfer or offer to transfer your EA Account, any personal access to EA Services, or any EA Content associated with your EA Account, including EA Virtual Currency and other Entitlements, either within an EA Service or on a third party website, or in connection with any out-of-game transaction, unless expressly authorized by EA.
Use an EA Service in a country in which EA is prohibited from offering such services under applicable export control laws.
If an EA Service requires you to create a "user name" or a "persona" to represent you in game and online, you should not use your real name and may not use a user name or persona that is used by someone else or that EA determines is vulgar or offensive or violates someone else's rights.
Engage in any other activity that significantly disturbs the peaceful, fair and respectful gaming environment of an EA Service.
Use information about users publicly available in any EA Service (e.g. on a leaderboard) for any purpose unrelated to the Service, including to attempt to identify such users in the real world.
Promote, encourage or take part in any prohibited activity described above.
If you or someone using your EA Account violates these rules and fails to remedy this violation after a warning, EA may take action against you, including revoking access to certain or all EA Services, Content or Entitlements, or terminating your EA Account as described in Section 8. In case of severe violations, EA may take these actions without issuing a prior warning. Some examples of severe violations include, but are not limited to: promoting, encouraging or engaging in hacking, selling EA accounts or entitlements (including virtual currencies and items) without EA’s permission, extreme harassment, or threatening illegal activities. When practical, EA will notify you of the action it will take in response to violations of these rules or breach of this Agreement.

Specific EA Services may post additional rules that apply to your conduct on those services.

If you encounter another user who is violating any of these rules, please report this activity to EA using the "Help" or "Report Abuse" functions in the relevant EA Service, if available, or contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.

EA may, in its discretion, monitor or record online activity or Content on EA Services and may remove any Content from any EA Service at its discretion. Remember that your communications and your UGC in an EA Service are public and will be seen by others.

Your use of EA Services is subject to EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

7. PC Products

This Section applies to EA Services for play on a Personal Computer ("EA PC Products"). To access and use EA Services associated with an EA PC Product, you may first need to register with the serial code enclosed with the EA PC Product.

A. Technical and Content Protection Measures

EA utilizes certain technical or content protection measures to prevent piracy and the unauthorized copying or use of an EA PC Product. EA PC Products use Origin Online Activation and also may use Sony DADC Austria AG's Denuvo content protection technology. To see which games use Denuvo, visit https://www.ea.com/legal. An EA Account, including the acceptance of this Agreement and EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, installation of the Origin client application (https://www.origin.com/en-us/about), acceptance of the Origin EULA, and an Internet connection are required to authenticate the EA PC Product and verify your license upon the initial launch of the EA PC Products on any unique machine ("Authenticate" or "Authentication"). The serial code provided with this EA PC Products will be verified during Authentication. Authentication is limited to one EA Account per serial code, which means the EA PC Product is not transferable. EA may validate your license by subsequent online Authentication. There is no limit to the total number of machines on which the EA PC Products can be Authenticated, but you may launch and access the EA PC Product on no more than five unique machines in any rolling 24-hour period. If you attempt to circumvent, disable or tamper with these technical protection measures, the EA PC Product may not function properly and this License shall terminate for your material breach. Keep your serial code because you may need it to install the EA PC Service on other machines. This technology may interfere with certain applications, such as debuggers, that can be used to circumvent access-control technology.

B. Monitoring

EA utilizes certain technologies to detect and prevent cheating in connection with the use of EA PC Products. These are described below. You can visit https://www.ea.com/legal to know which technology is used with each EA PC Product.

Punkbuster. EA may use Punkbuster Anti-Cheat technology from Even Balance, Inc. You may opt to install Punkbuster during the installation of an EA PC Product. If it is installed, when you connect online to a game server using Punkbuster, Punkbuster will monitor your computer's random access memory (RAM) for Unauthorized Third Party Programs running concurrently with the EA PC Product and any modifications to the EA PC Product's files enabling or facilitating cheating. An Unauthorized Third Party Program is a third party program or file (such as a "addon", "mod", "hack", "trainer", or "cheat") that EA believes (i) enables or facilitates cheating of any type: (ii) allows users to modify or hack the game interface, environment, and/or experience in any way not expressly authorized by EA: or (iii) Intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the game. If you uninstall the EA PC Product, Punkbuster will remain dormant on your computer. To uninstall Punkbuster, run the executable at https://www.evenbalance.com/downloads/pbsvc/pbsvc.exe.

EA Anti-Cheat Technologies. EA may use its own anti-cheat technologies. When you connect online to a game server, these technologies will activate and monitor your game play, the game files associated with the EA PC Product and your computer's RAM. These technologies detect cheating and Unauthorized Third Party Programs running concurrently with the EA PC Product and any modifications to the EA PC Product's files enabling or facilitating cheating.

If any of these anti-cheat technologies detects cheating, we may collect relevant information, including your account name, details about an Unauthorized Third Party Program and the EA PC Product files modification detected, and the time and date it was detected. We also may terminate your License and your EA Account if we determine you have been cheating.

When you disconnect from the game server, these anti-cheat technologies will be deactivated.

C. Uninstalling

You may uninstall EA PC Products at any time within your game settings in the Origin client. Certain locally saved files may remain on your computer after uninstallation. You may manually delete these files by searching for the game title in your My Documents folder on PC or via the file finder on a Mac.

8. Termination and Other Sanctions

This Agreement is effective until terminated by you or EA. EA may terminate your access and use of any EA Services or your EA Account if EA determines that you have violated this Agreement or that there has been otherwise unlawful, improper or fraudulent use of EA Services associated with your EA Account. When practical, EA will notify you of the termination. You may lose your user name and persona as a result of an EA Account termination. If you have more than one EA Account, depending on the type of violation or misuse, EA may terminate all of your EA Accounts and all related Entitlements. If your EA Account is terminated, you will not have access to your EA Account or Entitlements and may be barred from accessing or using any EA Service again. Upon termination, your license under this Agreement also shall terminate.

Instead of termination and prior to any termination, EA may issue you a warning, suspend or alter your access to a particular EA Service or your EA Account, remove or revoke Entitlements at an EA Account or device level, remove or delete any content which is in violation with this Agreement, or ban your device or machine from accessing specific EA Services. If EA takes any action described in this Section, you will not be entitled to a refund (subject to any statutory refund rights) and no Entitlements will be credited to you or converted to cash or other forms of reimbursement.

EA may terminate any EA Service at any time by giving at least thirty days' notice either via email (if available), within the affected EA Service, or on the service updates page of EA's website (https://www.ea.com/service-updates). After online service termination, no software updates will be applied to our games and we can't guarantee our mobile games will continue be available for download via iCloud (or other applicable cloud services).  Any games available via iCloud after online service termination may be removed from iCloud without further notice to you.

If you believe that any action has been taken against your Account or device in error, please contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.

Sections 5, 8-9, 11-15 of this Agreement survive termination of this Agreement.

9. Use of Data

When you use an EA Service, EA may collect and store data from your computer or device, including information about your computer or device and operating system (such as IP Address and device ID), information about your EA Service usage, gameplay and usage statistics, system interactions and peripheral hardware (for example, to protect your game stats, EA may place a randomly generated identification number in the keychain storage of your device. That identifier will be removed when you reset your device). If you play an EA Service offline, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to EA when your device connects to the Internet. EA uses this information to operate its business, improve its products and services, provide services to and communicate with you (including for marketing purposes), provide software updates, dynamically served content and software support, and trouble-shoot bugs or otherwise enhance your experience. If you participate in online services, EA also may collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and achievements), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.

Your data is collected, used, stored and transmitted by EA Inc. in the United States, in accordance with EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.

10. Other Software, Utilities and Tools

EA Services may require or allow you to download software, software updates or patches, or other utilities and tools from EA or its licensors onto your computer, entertainment system or device. These technologies may be different across platforms, and the performance of EA Services may vary depending on your computer and other equipment. You understand that certain updates to these technologies may be required in order to continue use of an EA Services. Some of these updates may contain locked features or content that require you to pay an additional fee to access them. You consent to EA automatically installing any available updates for EA Services. Failure to install available updates may render EA Services, including EA PC Products, unplayable.

11. Third-Parties

Some EA Services may give you the option of playing on servers not owned or controlled by EA. EA does not control those services and is not responsible for your use of the EA Service on or through them. These third party services may subject you to additional or different terms and restrictions.

EA Services may include hyperlinks to third party web sites. Those sites may collect data or solicit personal information from you. EA does not control those sites and is not responsible for their content or for their collection, use or disclosure of personal information.

12. Warranties; Limitation of Liability

IF YOU LIVE IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) OR SWITZERLAND, THE EA SERVICES WILL BE PROVIDED WITH REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL AND NO OTHER PROMISES OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE EA SERVICES ARE MADE. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA AND SWITZERLAND, EA SERVICES ARE LICENSED AND PROVIDED "AS IS." YOU USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EA GIVES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR PRACTICE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PRODUCT OR EA SERVICE; THAT THE EA SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE EA SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM ERRORS, BUGS, CORRUPTION, LOSS, INTERFERENCE, HACKING OR VIRUSES, OR THAT EA SERVICES WILL INTEROPERATE OR BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED VIA THE ORIGIN STORE. SEE https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR MORE INFORMATION ON STATUTORY WARRANTY AND OTHER STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS IN YOUR TERRITORY, AND https://help.ea.com/en-au/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR RIGHTS AVAILABLE TO AUSTRALIAN CONSUMERS.

IF YOU LIVE IN THE EEA OR SWITZERLAND, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR ACTIONS OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF A THIRD PARTY'S (OR ANY OTHER) ACTS OR OMISSIONS BEYOND OUR CONTROL. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA AND SWITZERLAND, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES THAT WERE NOT CAUSED BY EA'S BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE TYPES OF EXCLUDED DAMAGES INCLUDE, FOR EXAMPLE, FINANCIAL LOSS (SUCH AS LOSS INCOME OR PROFITS), COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR STOPPAGE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE OR EA SERVICE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IT ALSO APPLIES EVEN IF EA KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOU MAY RECOVER ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES IN ANY AMOUNT NO GREATER THAN WHAT YOU ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE EA SERVICE. EA DOES NOT LIMIT ITS LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THEM MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

If you purchased a physical copy of an EA Service from a physical retail store in the United States and you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement and have not installed or used the EA Service, you may return it for a refund or exchange within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase to the original place of purchase by following the instructions for return available at https://warrantyinfo.ea.com.

13. General Terms

A. Entire Agreement

This Agreement, together with any other EA terms that govern your use of EA Services, constitutes the entire agreement between you and EA. The Agreement may not be amended or modified unless made in writing and signed by EA. The failure of EA to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or any other right. If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

B. Governing Law

If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, Brazil, Hong Kong, Mexico or Russia, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of your country of residence govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of your country of residence.

If you live in the Republic of Korea, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of Korea, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of Korea.

If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, (i) this Agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, USA; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.

If you in live in any other country, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.

The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall not apply to this Agreement or to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

C. Export

You agree to follow U.S. and other export control laws and agree not to transfer an EA Service to a foreign national, or national destination, that is prohibited by such laws. You also acknowledge you are not a person with whom EA is prohibited from doing business under these export control laws.

14. Changes to this Agreement

EA may modify this Agreement from time to time, so please review it frequently. For EA players who accepted a version of this Agreement prior to modification, the revisions will become effective 30 days after posting at terms.ea.com. Your continued use of EA Services means you accept the changes. Once you accept a version of the Agreement, we will not enforce future material changes without your express agreement to them. If you are asked to accept material changes to this Agreement and you decline to do so, you may not be able to continue to use the EA Service provided.

15. Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration

THIS SECTION APPLIES TO ALL CONSUMERS AND PEOPLE WHO ACCEPTED THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IT EXCLUDES RESIDENTS OF QUEBEC, RUSSIA, SWITZERLAND, BRAZIL, MEXICO, THE MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA, AND THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. BY ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND EA EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

This Section offers a streamlined way to resolve disputes between us if they arise. Most of your concerns can be resolved quickly and satisfactorily by logging into the EA customer support interface with your Account at help.ea.com. If EA cannot resolve your concern, you and EA agree to be bound by the procedure set forth in this Section to resolve any and all disputes between us.

This Section is an agreement between you and EA, and applies to our respective agents, employees, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, beneficiaries and assigns. This agreement to arbitrate evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Section. This Section shall be interpreted broadly and shall survive termination of this Agreement.

A. Claims Covered by Arbitration

All disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any EA Service and its marketing, or the relationship between you and EA ("Disputes") shall be determined exclusively by binding arbitration. This includes claims that accrued before you entered into this Agreement. The only Disputes not covered by this Section are claims (i) regarding the infringement, protection or validity of your, EA's or EA's licensors' trade secrets or copyright, trademark or patent rights; (ii) if you reside in Australia, to enforce a statutory consumer right under Australia consumer law; and (iii) brought in small claims court.

B. Informal Negotiations

You and EA shall first attempt to resolve any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration. The informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ("Notice of Dispute"). The Notice of Dispute must: (a) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing or email address. You will send your Notice of Dispute to: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City CA 94065, ATTENTION: Legal Department.

C. Binding Arbitration

If you and EA cannot resolve a Dispute informally, you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and, where appropriate, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration, EA will pay all arbitration fees and expenses. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone or online. The arbitrator shall make a decision in writing, and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.

D. Limitations

YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. The arbitrator shall not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and shall not preside over any type of representative or class proceeding. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. If this specific subsection is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void.

E. Location

If you live in the United States, arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you. For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo, State of California, United States of America, and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court, in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.

F. Recovery

If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA's last written settlement offer made before EA makes its final written submissions to the arbitrator, then EA will:
Pay you 150% of your arbitration award, up to $5,000 USD over and above your arbitration award; and
Reimburse the arbitration fees that you paid to the AAA.
G. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement

EA will not enforce material changes to this agreement to arbitrate, unless you expressly agree to the changes.

16. Supplemental Terms for PlayStation®

A. For Purchases in PlayStation™Store in North America

Purchase and use of items are subject to the Network Terms of Service and User Agreement. This online service has been sublicensed to you by Sony Interactive Entertainment America.

B. For Purchases in PlayStation™Store in Europe

Any content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from Sony Interactive Entertainment Network Europe Limited ("SIENE") and be subject to PlayStation™Network Terms of Service and User Agreement which is available on the PlayStation™Store. Please check usage rights for each purchase as these may differ from item to item. Unless otherwise shown, content available in any in-game store has the same age rating as the game.
Terms and Conditions of Use

Last Revised: January 20, 2016

Welcome to Under Armour. We are passionate about creating innovative products and services to empower athletes everywhere, and we are thrilled to have you on our team. These Terms and Conditions of Use are the rules of the game – designed to create a positive, law-abiding community of our athletes. By using Under Armour’s products and services, you are agreeing to all the terms below.
Under Armour, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries, including MapMyFitness, Inc. (“MapMyFitness”), MyFitnessPal, Inc. (“MyFitnessPal”) and Endomondo ApS (“Endomondo”) (collectively referred to throughout as “Under Armour,” “we” or “us”), offer a variety of products and services, including the Under Armour-branded fitness and wellness related websites, applications, devices, hardware, content and other technology products and services; our e-commerce websites and applications (“Under Armour Shopping”); and all other current and future digital products and service offerings we make available, including any products and services provided in collaboration with our partners (collectively, the “Services”). We are driven to create Services that enhance the lives and performance of all athletes everywhere, and that’s why we refer to online and offline community members as “athletes.”

These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our Services. Please read the Terms carefully before using our Services, as they are a legally binding contract between you and Under Armour. Note that we have included several summaries at the top of each section – these summaries are not a part of the contract itself, but are intended to emphasize key sections and help you follow the text.

Your access and use of the Services (regardless of whether you create an account with us), constitutes your agreement to these Terms and our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into the Terms. Stated alternatively, if you disagree with any part of the Terms, then you are not permitted to use our Services. Further, by accessing and using our Services, you understand and agree that your Personal Data (as that term is defined in our Privacy Policy) and User-Generated Content (defined below) that is shared with a Service may also be shared among the entirety of Under Armour and its other Services.

Please feel free to contact us through our Support Team if you have any questions or suggestions.

1. Use of the Services and Your Account

(a) Who can use the Under Armour Services

Under Armour supports and encourages athletes of all ages, but you must be at least 13 to use most of the Services, and at least 18 to use Under Armour Shopping and MyFitnessPal.
You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to use MyFitnessPal, eighteen (18) years of age to use Under Armour Shopping (unless otherwise specified in separate policies applicable to certain specific jurisdictions) and at least thirteen (13) years of age to use the other Services. If you are between the ages of 13-18, you may use the Services (excluding Under Armour Shopping and MyFitnessPal) only with the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian. No individual under these age limits may use the Services, provide any Personal Data to Under Armour, or otherwise submit Personal Data through the Services (e.g., a name, address, telephone number, or email address).

(b) Your Account

You may need to create an Under Armour account to access the Services, and it's important that the information associated with your account is accurate and up-to-date (particularly your email address – if you ever forget your password, a working email address is often the only way for us to verify your identity and help you log back in).
You may need to register for an Under Armour account in order to access or use certain Services. Your account may automatically provide you access and means to use new Services that we create.

When you create an account for any of our Services, you must provide us with accurate and complete information as prompted by the account creation and registration process, and keep that information up to date. Otherwise, some of our Services may not operate correctly, and we may not be able to contact you with important notices.

If you create an account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any and all actions that take place while using your account, and you must notify our Support Team right away of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your account or account password. We are not responsible for any loss that results from unauthorized use of your username and password, with or without your knowledge.

If you forget your password and have an existing Under Armour account, click on the “Sign In” or “Log In” link at the top of the page. You will be taken to the Sign In page, where you can select “Forgot Password” to create a new password.

If you are a resident of the European Union: You have the right to delete your account with us by contacting our Support Team. If you choose to permanently delete your account, the non-public Personal Data that we have associated with your account will also be deleted.

(c) Service Updates, Changes and Limitations

Our Services are constantly evolving to be more useful for our athletes and community. With new products, services, and features launching all the time, we need the flexibility to make changes, impose limits, and occasionally suspend or terminate certain offerings. We may also update our Services, which might not work properly if you don’t install the updates.
The Services change frequently, and their form and functionality may change without prior notice to you. We may also impose limits on certain Services or restrict your access to part or all of the Services without notice or liability.

We may also from time to time, as we see fit, develop and provide updates for certain Services. This may include upgrades, modifications, bug fixes, patches and other error corrections and/or new features (collectively, “Updates”). Certain portions of our Services may not properly operate if you do not install all Updates. These Updates may include updated versions of our applications, which may automatically electronically upgrade the versions used on your device, as well as updates to wearables and other connected products. You expressly consent to such automatic Updates. Further, you agree that the Terms (and any additional modifications of the same) will apply to any and all Updates to the Services. We have no obligation to provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality of any Service.

(d) Service Monitoring and Suspension

We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, and can monitor, terminate or suspend our Services or your account at any time.
We may change, suspend, or discontinue any or all of the Services at any time, including the availability of any product, feature, database, or Content. We may also deactivate, terminate or suspend your account at any time: (1) if we, in our sole discretion, determine that you are or have been in violation of these Terms or the spirit thereof (as highlighted in our Community Guidelines), (2) if we, in our sole discretion, determine that you have created risk or possible legal exposure for Under Armour or any other Athlete, (3) in response to requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (4) upon discontinuance or material modification of any Services, or (5) due to unexpected technical issues or problems. We will endeavor to notify you by email or at the next time you attempt to access your account after any such deactivation, termination or suspension.

We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor any accounts and/or activities conducted through or in any way related to the Services (including inviting a fellow athlete into a network of friends), as well as any athlete’s use of or access to Location Data (as that term is defined in our Privacy Policy), Personal Data, and profiles of other athletes.

(e) Security

Please let us know right away if you believe your account has been hacked or compromised.
We care about the security of our athletes. While we work hard to protect the security of your Personal Data, User-Generated Content, and account, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures. Please notify our Support Team immediately of any actual or suspected breach or unauthorized access or use of your account.

(f) Consent to Receive Communications

We or other athletes in the community may contact you in connection with your use of the Services. We have outlined how you can manage some of these settings here.
After signing up for an account, you may receive periodic email communications regarding the operations of our Services. You cannot opt out of receiving these communications while you continue to use our Services.

You may also receive periodic promotions and other offers or materials that we believe might be of interest to you. You can opt out of receiving these promotional messages at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the message footer, or changing the email preferences in your account.

By finding and connecting with your friends and other athletes in our community, you may receive electronic communications, including messages from them (depending on your preferences, you may receive notification of these messages via email, in the website/application, and/or as a push notification). You can manage the messages you receive from other athletes in our Services by changing the preferences in your account.

2. Privacy

(a) Your Privacy

For information about how Under Armour collects, uses, and shares your Personal Data, please review our Privacy Policy.
We take the collection, use and security of the Personal Data that our athletes provide to us very seriously. By using the Services you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of such Personal Data (as set forth in the Privacy Policy, including the transfer of this Personal Data to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing, and use by Under Armour.

(b) Spreading the Word

We hope you enjoy using our Services and encourage you to share your enthusiasm for them with your friends. If you elect to use the features in our Services to tell a friend about the Services, we will ask you to provide your friend’s email address or social media profile, which we may then use to contact your friend about the Services. We may store the information you provide for a period of time, but we will not post this information publicly. You represent that you are authorized to provide any third-party contact information that you provide to us for referrals.

3. Ownership and Use of Content

(a) Definitions

Content is the stuff that shows up on your display when you use our Services. User-Generated Content is any Content that is created by you or other athletes, and UA Content is all other Content.
For purposes of these Terms, (i) the term “Content” means any creative expression and includes, without limitation, video, audio, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, logos, tools, text, ideas, communications, replies, “likes,” comments, information, data, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, maps, routes, geo-data, workouts and workout data, training plans, sleep activity, annotations, nutrition information, recipes, interactive features, designs, copyrights, trademarks, patents, sounds, applications and any intellectual property therein, any of which may be generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services; (ii) the term “User-Generated Content” means any Content that an athlete (that includes you!) submits, transfers, or otherwise provides to or through the use of the Services. Content includes, without limitation, all User-Generated Content; and (iii) the term “UA Content” means all Content that is not User-Generated Content.

(b) Ownership

You own the Content that you create, and we own the Content that we create. Please don’t post other people’s work without permission.
All copyright, trademarks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on the Services and UA Content belong to Under Armour and/or its partners or applicable third parties. Each athlete retains ownership, responsibility for, and/or other applicable rights in the User-Generated Content that they create, and Under Armour and/or its partners or third parties retain ownership, responsibility for and/or other applicable rights in all UA Content. Except as expressly provided in the Terms, nothing in the Terms grants you a right or license to use any UA Content, including any content owned or controlled by any of our partners or other third parties. You agree that you will respect the intellectual property rights of others, and represent and warrant that you have all of the necessary rights to grant Under Armour a license (described further in part (d) below) for all User-Generated Content you submit in connection with the Services.

(c) Our License to You

You are welcome to access and use our content, products and services. We work hard to provide a great experience for our athletes, so please respect our intellectual property rights and only use our Services the way they’re intended to be used. This includes not using our Services for commercial purposes without our permission, or doing bad things to us or other athletes. We do have some cool APIs and other tools that you can use to help create your own apps and products. Contact us to find out more.
You acknowledge and agree that the Services, any necessary software used in connection with the Services (if any), and the UA Content contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. We grant you a limited, revocable, personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the Services and UA Content, provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any right in the UA Content or Services to anyone else. This license is subject to the Terms, including our Community Guidelines and the following:

UA Content. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or authorized by Under Armour, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Services, the Services’ software, or any UA Content offered as part of the Services (other than User-Generated Content), in whole or in part. Please do not download, copy, or save UA Content, except (i) as expressly permitted by the functionality of certain Services (e.g., printed maps) as provided for in the specific guidelines and/or additional terms applicable to those Services, or (ii) solely for personal use or your records.
Commercial Usage of the Services. The Services, with the exception of certain products and services provided though the Under Armour-branded websites and certain widgets that we make available as tools for website owners (collectively, the “Commercial Tools”), are intended only for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not use the Services (other than certain Commercial Tools) to sell a product or service, increase traffic to your own website or a third-party website for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales, or otherwise undertake any endeavor aimed at deriving revenue. For example, you may not take the results from a search of the Services and reformat and display them, or mirror our home pages or results pages on your website. Moreover, you may not “meta-search” our Services. If you seek to make commercial use of the Services other than through the Commercial Tools, you must enter into an agreement with us to do so in advance. To learn more about the Commercial Tools, please visit https://developer.underarmour.com/. By using any of the Commercial Tools, you acknowledge and agree to the Terms and any additional terms and conditions applicable to those select Services.
Linking to the Services. If you would like to link to our Services on your website or application, please follow these rules: (i) any link to the Services must be a text only link clearly marked “Under Armour” (without the use of any other trademark, logo copyright or any other intellectual property asset owned or controlled by Under Armour) or in some other format directed by Under Armour, (ii) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not damage or dilute the goodwill associated with our marks, (iii) the link must “point” to the root domain name of the Services and not to other pages within the Services, (iv) the appearance, position and other attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated with Under Armour, (v) when selected, the link must display the Service on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the linking website or service, and (vi) Under Armour reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion, and upon our notification to you of such revocation of consent, you agree to promptly remove the relevant link from your website or application.
Confusion or Impersonation. Do not impersonate any person or entity, and/or falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity.
Disruptions, Exploits, or Resource Abuse. Do not interfere with or damage operation of the Services, including through unauthorized use, disruption, automated attacks, exploitation, or abuse of our resources.
Automated Querying. Do not send automated queries of any sort to the systems and networks we use to provide the Services without our express written permission. “Sending automated queries” includes but is not limited to:
using any software that sends automated queries to the systems and networks we use to provide the Services that seek bulk data, or determine how many saved routes or athletes we have for various queries;
“meta-searching” the Services and the systems and networks we use to provide the Services; and
performing “offline” searches relative to the Services.
Unlawful Uses. You may only use the UA Content and Services for legally permitted purposes. You may not use the Services or any UA Content or other information displayed on or made available by the Services to stalk, harass, abuse, defame, threaten, or defraud others.
(d) Your License to Us

When you post content in connection with the Services, it still belongs to you – however, you’re giving us permission to use that content in certain ways in connection with our Services and make the content available to others. We can edit or remove your content from our products and services at any time for any reason.
When you provide User-Generated Content to Under Armour through the Services, you grant Under Armour and our athletes a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, freely transferable, sublicensable, worldwide right and license to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display (publicly or otherwise), perform (publicly or otherwise), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt (including, without limitation, in order to conform it to the requirements of any networks, devices, services, or media through which the Services are available), commercialize, create derivative works of, and otherwise exploit such User-Generated Content in connection with any and all Services. You acknowledge and agree that: (a) we have the right to arrange the posting of User-Generated Content in any way we desire; (b) Under Armour has no obligation to provide you with any credit when using your User-Generated Content, but if Under Armour chooses to provide you with credit, the size and placement of the credit is at our sole discretion; and (c) you are not entitled to any compensation or other payment from us in connection with the use of your User-Generated Content.

The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purposes of allowing Under Armour to operate the Services in accordance with their functionality, improve the Services, develop new Services, and to allow other community members to use the Services in accordance with their intended function. Notwithstanding the above, we will not make use of any of your User-Generated Content in a manner that is inconsistent with the privacy settings you establish within our Services. For information on managing your privacy settings for the Services, see the Under Armour Privacy Policy.

We reserve the right to monitor, remove or modify User-Generated Content for any reason and at any time, including User-Generated Content that we believe violates these Terms, the Community Guidelines, and/or our policies.

(e) Content Retention

Please keep in mind that when you make something publicly available on the Internet, it becomes practically impossible to take down all copies of it in the future.
Following termination of your account, or if you remove any User-Generated Content from the Services, we may retain your User-Generated Content for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. Furthermore, Under Armour and its athletes may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, share, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute any of your User-Generated Content that otherwise has been stored or shared through Under Armour. Accordingly, note that the above license to your User-Generated Content continues even if you stop using the Services. When you post something publicly, others may choose to comment on it, making your Content part of a social conversation. For more information, please review our Privacy Policy.

(f) User-Generated Content and Eligibility to Participate in Certain Sports Organizations

Things that happen online may have consequences in the real world.
Certain sports organizations have rules on amateurism and eligibility that could potentially be implicated if you post User-Generated Content within the Services, even User-Generated Content that you believe is noncommercial in nature. It is your responsibility to determine whether posting User-Generated Content within the Services will affect your eligibility to participate in any sport under any applicable rules of any sports organization.

(g) Your Feedback

We appreciate your feedback and can freely use your suggestions to make Under Armour and athletes around the world better. Thank you and keep the ideas coming!
We value hearing from our athletes, and are always interested in learning about ways we can make Under Armour awesome. If you choose to submit comments, ideas or feedback, you should submit the idea through our Idea Submission website at https://uaideas.force.com/, and you agree that we are free to use the ideas you submit without any restriction or compensation to you. By accepting your submission, Under Armour does not waive any rights to use similar or related feedback previously known to Under Armour, developed by our employees, or obtained from sources other than you. You certify and represent that the information or feedback you submit to us through the Services is not confidential or proprietary information.

(h) Trademarks

We love your support and imitation is flattering, but please respect our trademarks and brands.
Under Armour owns or licenses all Under Armour trademarks, service marks, branding, logos, and other similar assets (the “UA Trademarks”). Being an Under Armour athlete is a badge of honor, and we encourage you to proudly wear our gear and display the UA Trademarks for personal use. However, please do not copy, imitate, modify, display or otherwise use the UA Trademarks (in whole or in part) for purposes other than personal use or in connection with any web or mobile product or service that is not authorized by Under Armour, without our prior written approval.

(i) Accuracy and Reliance on Content

Don’t believe everything you read on the Internet. If you are concerned about the accuracy of information available through the Services, undertake your own research and investigation.
We make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of any Content available through the Services, and we make no commitment to update such Content.

In addition, User-Generated Content, including advice, statements, or other information, including, without limitation, food, nutrition and exercise database entries, are not produced by Under Armour, and should not necessarily be relied on. User-Generated Content available in connection with the Services, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the athlete from whom such User-Generated Content originated. We do not endorse any opinions or recommendations contained in User-Generated Content. All information is provided “as is” without any representation, warranty or condition as to its accuracy or reliability.

In particular, MyFitnessPal’s food database (“Food Database”) contains a combination of nutritional information entered directly by MyFitnessPal and nutritional information entered by MyFitnessPal members. Any MyFitnessPal member can contribute nutritional information to the Food Database, as well as edit existing nutritional information. Please be advised that nutritional information found in the Food Database has not been reviewed by persons with the expertise required to provide you with complete, accurate, or reliable information. MyFitnessPal does not (i) guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any nutritional information in the Food Database; or (ii) adopt, endorse or accept responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any such nutritional information. Under no circumstances will MyFitnessPal be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from your reliance on nutritional information. You are solely responsible for ensuring that any nutritional information in the Food Database is accurate, complete and useful.

4. Community Guidelines

(a) Interactive Areas

Our Services often contain community features. When you post content through these features that content may become public.
Under Armour is a community dedicated to helping all athletes reach their fitness and wellness goals. Some of our Services may include reviews, discussion forums, conversation pages, blogs or other interactive areas or social features that allow you and other athletes to post User-Generated Content and interact with one another (“Interactive Areas”). You are solely responsible for your use of the Interactive Areas and for any User-Generated Content that you post, including the transmission, accuracy and completeness of the User-Generated Content. As the Interactive Areas are often public, you understand that your User-Generated Content may be made and remain public.

We may, but do not always, monitor our community features, and ultimately you are responsible for your interactions with other athletes. So please use good judgment and play fair.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other athletes, whether online or in person, including but not limited to comments, challenges, and friendly competition. We assume no responsibility or liability for any loss or damage resulting from any interaction with other athletes who employ the Services, individuals you meet through the Services, or individuals who find you because of Content posted on, by or through the Services. You agree to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with any athletes or individuals you interact with in connection with the Services. You are solely responsible for your involvement with any athletes or individuals you interact with in connection with the Services. Under Armour is under no obligation to become involved in any disputes between its athletes, but may do so at its own discretion.

(b) Community Guidelines

Our Services are designed as a safe and supportive environment to help you reach your fitness and wellness goals. Athletes cannot use our services to post pornographic material, harass people, send spam, violate intellectual property rights, or do other inappropriate stuff. Be reasonable and act responsibly.
Our Services are intended to be a safe and supportive community for all athletes. To help everyone feel safe and to maintain that positive environment, we require everyone to agree to, and follow, these rules (the “Community Guidelines”) when posting User-Generated Content and using the Services. By using the Services you agree that your User-Generated Content and use of the Interactive Areas will not violate the Community Guidelines. If you violate the Community Guidelines, we reserve the right to terminate your access to the Services.

No Discriminatory or Abusive Content, or Personal Attacks or Insults.
Stay positive – don’t spread hate messages, and don’t post Content that is threatening, hurtful, harassing, embarrassing, or annoying to other members of the community.
No derogatory references to sex, gender, age, weight, body type, disability, ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation, or endorsement of violence against any person or group, even if couched in humor, will be permitted. This includes expressing stereotypes about any group or community.
You can respectfully disagree with a message, post or topic, but please do not attack other athletes by mocking or insulting them. If you are attacked by another athlete, and you reciprocate, you may also be subject to the same consequences.
No Hijacking, Trolling, or Flame-baiting. If you are participating in our forums, please stay on-topic in an existing thread, and post new threads in the appropriate forum. Taking a thread off-topic is considered hijacking. Please either contribute politely and constructively to a topic, or move on without posting. This includes posts that encourage the drama in a topic to escalate, or posts intended to incite an uproar from the community.
No Promotion of Unsafe Weight-Loss Techniques or Eating Disorders. One of our goals is to provide athletes with the tools to achieve their weight management goals at a steady, sustainable rate. Use of the Services to promote, glamorize, or achieve dangerously low levels of eating is not permitted. Accordingly, please do not contribute the following types of Content, which may be removed without warning:
Content intended to promote potentially unsafe or controversial weight loss products or procedures, including non-medically prescribed supplements or MLM.
Profiles, groups, messages, posts, or wall comments that encourage anorexia, bulimia, or very low calorie diets. This includes positive references to ana/mia, purging, or self-starving.
Photos intended to glamorize extreme thinness.
No Explicit Content. Don’t post Content that is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, offensive, hateful, inflammatory, or promoting sexually explicit material.
No Harm to Minors. Don’t use the Services in a way that harms minors (or anyone, really).
No Sending Spam and Junk Mail. Don’t spam people via posts, replies, or messages.
No Illegal Content. Don’t advocate, promote, or assist any fraudulent or illegal act (e.g., violence, impersonation and computer misuse).
No Soliciting Personal Data. Please don’t post or solicit Personal Data regarding or from any third party, including photographs, telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, email addresses and passwords in the Interactive Areas.
No Public Posting of Private Conversations. Don’t publicly post an email or private message from any other athlete, moderator or administrator.
No Breach of Legal Duty. Don’t post Content that is in breach of any contractual or other legal duty owed to a third party.
No Deceptive or Fraudulent Links. Don't post deceptive or fraudulent links. This includes giving links misleading descriptions, putting the wrong “source” field in a post, setting misleading click-through links on images, or embedding links to interstitial or pop-up ads.
No Intellectual Property Infringement. Respect the intellectual property of others. If you aren’t allowed to use someone else's proprietary work or likeness (either by license or by legal exceptions and limitations such as fair use), please don’t post it. In particular, if you have any reason to believe that User-Generated Content you see on our Services is infringing your copyrights or the copyrights of others, please see the Copyright/DMCA section of our Terms.
No Impersonating Under Armour or Others. Don’t post Content that is likely to deceive any person or be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person, including with Under Armour. Creating an account for the purposes of deceiving other athletes or to work around a Services suspension is not permitted and will be grounds for a permanent ban from the Services.
Other. Don’t post Content that contains anything that, in Under Armour’s sole determination, is objectionable or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services, or that may expose Under Armour or our athletes to any harm or liability of any kind.
If we determine that you are violating the Community Guidelines or otherwise have breached the Terms, we may take actions to address the issue, including, but not limited to, terminating your right to use the Services, removing your User-Generated Content, taking legal action against you (in which case you agree that we may recover reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees) or disclosing information to law enforcement authorities. We reserve the right to enforce, or not enforce, these Community Guidelines in our sole discretion, and they don’t create a duty or contractual obligation for us to act in any particular manner.

(c) Objectionable User-Generated Content

It’s a big bad Internet out there, and people post inappropriate stuff on user-generated content sites all the time. We do our best to keep the community safe and secure (athletes respecting the Community Guidelines helps), but you still might run into bad stuff before we have a chance to take it down. If you spot any objectionable Content, please let us know.
While we require all of our athletes to comply with the Community Guidelines and reserve the right to monitor for violations, we ultimately cannot guarantee they will comply with the Community Guidelines or these Terms. If you believe any Content submitted to our Services violates the Community Guidelines, or if you know or suspect that someone is misusing your User-Generated Content, please report it to the Customer Support Team. By consenting to the Terms, you understand and acknowledge that when you access or otherwise use the Services:

You may be exposed to User-Generated Content from a variety of sources, and that we are not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User-Generated Content.
You may be exposed to User-Generated Content shared by other athletes that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable.
We cannot be held responsible for any injury or harm to you resulting from objectionable User-Generated Content or another athlete’s failure to comply with our Community Guidelines.

5. Copyright/ DMCA

We respect copyright laws. If anything is wrong, please send an email with all the details to copyright@ua.com.
If you believe that User-Generated Content or UA Content infringes copyright under U.S. or other national law, please notify our Copyright Agent immediately using the contact information provided herein. It is our policy to investigate any allegations of copyright infringement brought to our attention. Please provide us with the following information in your notice of a suspected copyright violation:

Identification of the work or material being infringed.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location, with sufficient detail so that we are capable of finding it and verifying its existence.
Contact information for the notifying party (the “Notifying Party”), including name, address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement that the Notifying Party has a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or law.
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided in the notice is accurate and that the Notifying Party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed.
Your notice must be signed (physically or electronically) and must be addressed as follows:

Copyright Agent
c/o Under Armour, Inc.
1020 Hull Street
Baltimore, MD 21230
copyright@ua.com

You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your notice may not be valid. The information provided in a notice of copyright infringement may be forwarded to the athlete who posted the allegedly infringing content. In the U.S., under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability. Please see www.copyright.gov or www.chillingeffects.org/copyright for more information about how to prepare or respond to a DMCA notice.

6. Third Party Links and Services

Our Services may link to, interact with or be available on third-party services or products such as social media providers and third-party devices. If you access such third-party services or products, be aware that different terms and privacy policies may apply to your usage of such services.
(a) Third-Party Services and Logins

You may enable or log in to the Services via various online third-party services, such as social media and social networking services like Facebook or Twitter (“Social Networking Services”). Logging in or directly integrating these Social Networking Services into the Services may make your online and mobile experiences richer and more personalized. To take advantage of these features and capabilities, we may ask you to authenticate, register for, or log into Social Networking Services on the websites of their respective providers. As part of this integration, the Social Networking Services will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to them, and we will use, store, and disclose such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please remember that the way Social Networking Services use, store, and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of those third parties that operate those Social Networking Services, and we have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third-party website or service that may be enabled within the Services. In addition, we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability, or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice, or statements made available in connection with Social Networking Services. As such, we are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such Social Networking Services.

(b) Third-Party Applications

You may be able to access certain third-party links, applications or content (“Third-Party Applications”) via accounts related to our Services. If you choose to access these Third-Party Applications, you may be requested to log-in and sync your accounts with such applications. You are in no way obligated to use any Third-Party Applications, and your access and use of such applications is entirely at your own risk. If you opt to use Third-Party Applications via your account with us, they may gain access to certain information that you have provided to us, including Personal Data, and they will use, store, and disclose such information in accordance with their individual privacy policies and terms and conditions. We have no liability or responsibility for the privacy and information security practices or other actions of any Third-Party Applications that you choose to access through your accounts with us. In addition, we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability, or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice, or statements made available by any Third-Party Applications. As such, we are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such Third-Party Applications.

(c) Third-Party Content

Our Services may contain links to third-party websites, content, advertisers, services, promotions, special offers, or other events or activities (“Third-Party Content”) that are not owned or controlled by us. We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for Third-Party Content. If you access or pay for Third-Party Content, you do so at your own risk and you agree that we have no associated liability.

(d) Third Party Products

Our Services may be accessed on third-party devices or other products (“Third Party Products”), and your ability to use certain features of the Services may require you to purchase Third-Party Products (e.g., fitness trackers). While we may recommend, promote, or market the products of certain partners, we have no responsibility for your acquisition or use of any Third-Party Products, and we do not guarantee that Third-Party Products will function with the Services or will be error-free. We hereby disclaim liability for all Third-Party Products, including any Third-Party Products offered by our partners.

(e) Third-Party Services, Activities, and Events

Our Services may include the ability to discover, access or participate in certain services, activities, or events (“Third-Party Activities”). Third-Party Activities are offered and provided by Third Parties, not Under Armour. Your attendance at and participation in Third-Party Activities is solely at your own risk. Under Armour will not be liable for any act, error or omission of any Third Party, including, without limitation, any which arises out of or is any way connected with an athlete’s attendance, use of or participation in any Third-Party Activities initially discovered, booked or registered for via the Services, or the performance or non-performance of any Third Party in connection with the Services. Under Armour is not an agent of any provider of Third-Party Activities.

7. Mobile Services

While we strive to make our applications available on many platforms, we can’t guarantee that our applications are compatible with your device (though please let Customer Support know if you have a question or problem; we want to help). If you use our applications, your standard data and messaging rates will apply, and the rules of the app store from which you are downloading will also apply.
(a) Wireless Carrier and Device Considerations

To use or access our applications, you will need a compatible device. We also cannot guarantee that the applications will be compatible with, or available on, your device. We do not charge for use of some basic applications; however, you may need to pay some fees to use certain premium applications or features. Further, your phone company’s normal messaging, data, and other rates and fees will still apply.

(b) Text and Mobile Messaging Express Consents

By downloading or using our applications, you expressly agree that we may communicate with you regarding transactions you have initiated on the Services or respond to your communications to us through the Services by SMS, MMS, text message, or other electronic means directed to your device and that certain information about your usage of the applications may be communicated to us.

(c) Mobile Application License

We hereby grant you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use our applications downloaded directly from a legitimate marketplace, solely in object code format and solely for your personal use for lawful purposes. With respect to any open source or third-party code that may be incorporated in the applications, such open source code is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code.

(d) App Stores

If you download our applications from a third-party app store (the “App Provider”), you acknowledge and agree that:

The Terms are an agreement between us, and not with the App Provider. As between Under Armour and the App Provider, Under Armour is solely responsible for the applications;
The App Provider has no obligation to provide any maintenance and support services with respect to the applications;
In the event of any failure of the applications to conform to any applicable warranty, (i) you may notify the App Provider and the App Provider may refund the purchase price for the applications to you (if applicable), (ii) to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the applications, and (iii) any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be, as between Under Armour and the App Provider, Under Armour’s responsibility;
The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have relating to the applications or your possession and use of the applications;
If a third party claims that an application infringes another party’s intellectual property rights, as between the App Provider and Under Armour, Under Armour will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms;
The App Provider and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms as it relates to your license to the applications. Upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to your license of the applications against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof; and
You must also comply with all applicable third-party terms of service when using the applications.
8. Paid Services

If you choose to subscribe to any of our enhanced, paid services, these are the payment and billing terms that apply. Paid services and billing will auto-renew unless you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
(a) Payment Terms

We offer certain premium versions of the Services (e.g., MVP Membership, MyFitnessPal and Endomondo Premium) (the “Premium Services”) for a fee. By signing up for and using any of the Premium Services, you agree to our Terms, and any additional terms and conditions that are provided here. You also agree to waive your 14-day right of withdrawal to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, so that you are able to immediately access all of the Premium Services.

The Premium Services provide you access to certain enhanced products, services, features and functionality (e.g., premium graphs and analysis, an ad-free browsing experience). By signing up for and using the Premium Services, including signing up for Free Trials of the Premium Services, you agree to pay any fees or other incurred charges that apply to the Premium Services (such as subscription fees).

When you sign up for the Premium Services, you must designate and provide information about your preferred payment method (“Payment Method”). This information must be complete and accurate, and you are responsible for keeping it up to date. You expressly authorize us to collect from your Payment Method the appropriate fees charged for the Premium Services and for any other purchases you elect to make via the Services.

You can choose to pay for the Premium Services on a monthly or annual basis. All fees due for the Premium Services are payable in advance, and will be billed automatically to the Payment Method at the start of the monthly or annual Premium Service period, as applicable. Unless otherwise stated, Premium Services will auto-renew until you elect to cancel your access to Premium Services. All purchases of Premium Services are final and non-refundable, except at our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Premium Service.

(b) Termination or Cancellation of Premium Services

If you do not pay the fees or charges due for your use of the Premium Services, we may make reasonable efforts to notify you and resolve the issue; however, we reserve the right to disable or terminate your access to the Premium Services (and may do so without notice).

You can cancel the Premium Services at any time. More information on how to cancel can be found here. Once you have cancelled your Premium Service and received confirmation, no other changes can be made to your account. The cancellation of a Premium Service will go into effect at the end of your current billing cycle, and you will have the same level of access to the Premium Service through the remainder of such billing cycle. For example, if you are billed on a monthly basis and cancel during a given month, you will be charged for the entirety of that month and maintain access to the Premium Service through the end of that month.

There are no refunds for termination or cancellation of your Premium Service. If you no longer wish to subscribe to a Premium Service, it is your responsibility to cancel your Premium Service in due time, regardless of whether or not you actively use the Premium Service.

(c) Fee Changes

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, we may change our prices for Premium Services at any time. We will give you reasonable notice of any such pricing changes by posting the new prices on or through the applicable Premium Service and/or by sending you an email notification. If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you can cancel the applicable Premium Service prior to the change going into effect.

(d) Discount, Coupon or Gift Codes

If you have received a discount, coupon or gift code to a Premium Service, the following terms and conditions apply in addition to the terms and conditions of the specific code. To redeem a discount or coupon code, log in to the applicable Service and enter the applicable code in the purchasing process to take advantage of the relevant promotion. All discounts, gift and coupon codes can only be applied when subscribing to Premium Services, and they can only be applied to accounts that are not already subscribing to Premium Services. Discount, coupon and gift codes cannot be combined with any other cash-off price, sales, promotion or coupon. Discount, coupon and gift codes cannot be exchanged, refunded, replaced or redeemed for cash or payment of accounts. A payment method may be required to redeem a discount or coupon code. It is your own responsibility to use a discount, coupon or gift code before it expires, and expired codes cannot be refunded or extended. It is also your responsibility to terminate the Premium Service before the end of a free or discounted period if you do not want to continue with a Premium Service at the regular price. The terms and conditions of a specific discount, coupon or gift code may include additional restrictions on its use, including but not limited to the type of plan, duration of free or discounted Premium Service, coupon validity dates, and/or purchase quantities. Under Armour reserves the right to cancel discounts and coupon promotions at any time.

(e) Free Trials

We sometimes offer free trials of our Premium Services or other promotional offers (each a “Free Trial”). A Free Trial provides you access to the Premium Services for a period of time, with details specified when you sign up for the offer.

In order to sign up for a Free Trial, you may need to provide us with your preferred payment method. As soon as you submit your payment details, your Free Trial will begin. You will not be charged until the Free Trial period ends.

Unless you cancel before the end of the Free Trial, or unless otherwise stated, your access to the Premium Service will automatically continue and you will be billed the applicable fees for that Premium Service. All incurred charges are final and non-refundable, except at our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Premium Service. We may send you a reminder when your Free Trial is about to end, but we do not guarantee any such notifications. It is ultimately your responsibility to know when the Free Trial will end if you decide you do not want to become a paying Premium Services athlete after the Free Trial period.

If you decide that you do not want to become a paying Premium Services athlete, you must cancel your subscription before the end of the Free Trial period. Depending on which of our Premium Services for which you have a Free Trial, you may lose access to the Premium Service as soon as you cancel or at the end of the Free Trial period. Once you have cancelled your Free Trial and received confirmation, you cannot resume the Free Trial period even if you did not use the Premium Service for the entire duration of the offer.

Premium Service features and content may change at any time, and we cannot guarantee that any specific feature or content will be available for the entire Free Trial period. The rates in effect when you sign up for the Free Trial will be the same when the Free Trial ends, unless we notify you otherwise. We reserve the right, in our absolute discretion, to modify or terminate any Free Trial offer, your access to the Premium Services during the Free Trial, or any of these terms without notice and with no liability. You may not sign up for more than one Free Trial of a given Premium Service at the same time, and we reserve the right to limit your ability to take advantage of multiple Free Trials.

9. Shopping and E-Commerce

If you buy things through Under Armour Shopping, we require you to provide additional Personal and Payment Method Information in order to complete your purchase. Additional e-commerce terms and conditions may apply to Under Armour Shopping. You can find these terms and conditions here. We also aim to provide information about our refund, exchange, re-stocking, taxes, shipping, and related policies at or near the point of purchase. If you have questions related to Under Armour Shopping, please contact our Support Team. Please review these policies prior to making purchases through Under Armour Shopping.

10. Physical Activities

It’s important to us that athletes stay healthy while training. Please be responsible and use your best judgment and common sense. We provide our Services for information purposes only, and can’t be held liable if you get injured or something goes wrong. In particular, while most of the content posted by the other athletes in our community is helpful, it is coming from strangers on the Internet and should never trump good judgment or actual medical advice.
(a) Safety First

Under Armour cares about your safety. You should consult with your healthcare provider(s) and consider the associated risks before using our Services in connection with any physical activity, wellness or fitness program. By using our Services, you agree, represent and warrant that you have received consent from your physician to participate in wellness and fitness programs, workouts, exercises or any of the related activities made available to you in connection with the Services. Everyone’s condition and abilities are different, and participating in the activities promoted by our Services is at your own risk. If you choose to participate in these activities, you do so of your own free will and accord, knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks associated with such activities. Activities promoted by the Services may pose risks even to those who are currently in good health.

You understand and agree that we will not carry out and are not responsible for any physical inspection, supervision, preparation, execution or conduct of any activities related to or accessed or discovered via the Services (e.g., featured, official or community created challenges; routes; friendly competitions or similar activities; any single or group training activities; any Third-Party Activities or other events or activities that utilize our Services). Maps, directions and other GPS or navigation data, including data relating to your current location, may be unavailable, inaccurate or incomplete. We encourage you to always put safety first, follow applicable traffic regulations, do not change settings on your device while in motion or in unsafe areas and always be vigilant and take stock of your surroundings when exercising.

You expressly agree that your athletic activities, which may generate the User-Generated Content you post or seek to post on or via the Services (e.g., running, walking, cycling, hiking) and certain Third-Party Activities carry certain inherent and significant risks of property damage, bodily injury, or death and that you voluntarily assume all known and unknown risks associated with these activities, even if caused in whole or part by the action, inaction, or negligence of Under Armour or by the action, inaction, or negligence of others.

Except as otherwise set out in these Terms, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible or liable, either directly or indirectly, for any injuries or damages that are sustained from your physical activities or your use of, or inability to use, any Services or features of the Services, including any Content or activities that you access or learn about through our Services (e.g., a Third-Party Activity such as a yoga class), even if caused in whole or part by the action, inaction or negligence of Under Armour or by the action, inaction or negligence of others. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you also expressly agree that we do not assume responsibility for any Third-Party Activity or any other race, contest, class, athletic activity or event that utilizes or is promoted by or accessed via the Services.

(b) Not Medical Advice

We aim to provide useful general information for our community, not professional medical advice. The Services are not medical devices, and the data provided by them is not intended to be utilized for medical purposes and is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease, ailment or injury. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree that we are not providing medical advice via the Services. All Content provided through the Services, whether provided by us or by other athletes or third parties (even if they are claiming to be a doctor!) is not intended to be and should not be used in place of (a) the advice of your physician or other professionals, (b) a visit, call or consultation with your physician or other medical professionals, or (c) information contained on or in any product packaging or label. We are not responsible for any health problems that may result from training programs, consultations, products, or events you learn about through the Services. Should you have any health related questions, please call or see your physician or other healthcare provider promptly. If you have an emergency, call your physician or your local emergency services immediately.

Your use of the Services does not constitute or create a doctor-patient, therapist-patient or other healthcare professional relationship between Under Armour and you.

(c) Accuracy

The Services are intended to provide you with information to encourage you to support your wellness and fitness activities. Some of the Services are aimed at tracking your physical movements and sleep activity (“Activity Tracking Services”). These Activity Tracking Services rely on sensors and/or GPS functionality that track your movement or body at rest. The data and information provided by the Activity Tracking Services are intended to be a representation of your activity, but may not be completely accurate, including with respect to step, sleep, speed, distance, or calorie data.

11. Modifications to the Terms and Product-Specific Terms

As Under Armour grows and improves, we might have to make changes to these Terms or include additional terms that are specific to certain products.
(a) Updates to these Terms

Under Armour reserves the right to modify these Terms by (i) posting revised Terms on and/or through the Services, and/or (ii) providing advance notice to you of material changes to the Terms, generally via email where practicable, and otherwise through the Services (such as through a notification on the home page of the Under Armour websites or in our applications). Modifications will not apply retroactively unless required by law.

We may sometimes ask you to review and to explicitly agree to or reject a revised version of the Terms. In such cases, modifications will be effective at the time of your agreement to the modified version of the Terms. If you do not agree at that time, you are not permitted to use the Services. In cases where we do not ask for your explicit agreement to a modified version of the Terms, the modified version of the Terms will become effective as of the date specified in the Terms. Your use of the Services following that date constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Terms as modified. If you do not agree to the modifications, you are not permitted to use, and should discontinue your use of, the Services.

(b) Product-Specific Terms

We may also require you to agree to additional terms, rules, policies, guidelines, or other conditions (collectively, “Product-Specific Terms”) that are specific to certain Services (for example, the Commercial Tools). In such cases, you may be required to expressly consent to Product-Specific Terms. For instance, you might need to check a box or click on a button marked “I agree.” If any of the Product-Specific Terms are different than the Terms, the Product-Specific Terms will supplement, amend, or supersede the Terms, but only with respect to the subject matter of the Product-Specific Terms.

12. No Warranties

EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER ARMOUR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE LAW. THE SERVICES AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITH ALL FAULTS BASIS. Without limiting the foregoing, you understand that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any of the Services or any Content. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we do not warrant that (i) the Services will meet your requirements, (ii) the operation of the Services will be uninterrupted, virus- or error-free or free from other harmful elements or (iii) errors will be corrected. Any oral or written advice provided by our agents or us does not and will not create any warranty. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we also make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to Content; User-Generated Content, in particular, is provided by and is solely the responsibility of the athletes providing that Content. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from other athletes or through the Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein. You therefore expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the Services is at your sole risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you.

13. Limitation of Liability

We are building the best Services we can for you but we can't promise they will be perfect. We're not liable for various things that could go wrong as a result of your use of the Services.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances (including, without limitation, negligence) shall Under Armour, its subsidiaries, partners or any wireless carriers be liable to you or any third party for (a) any indirect, incidental, special, reliance, exemplary, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever; (b) loss of profits, revenue, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses; (c) damages relating to your access to, use of, or inability to access or use the Services; (d) damages relating to any conduct or content of any third party or athlete using the Services, including without limitation, defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct or content; and/or (e) damages in any manner relating to any Third-Party Content, Third-party Products or Third-Party Activities accessed via the Services. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, this limitation applies to all claims, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, whether or not Under Armour has been informed of the possibility of such damage, and further where a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed its essential purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the total liability of Under Armour, for any claim under these Terms, including for any implied warranties, is limited to the greater of one thousand dollars (us $1,000.00) or the amount you paid us to use the applicable Service(s) in the past twelve months.

In particular, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we are not liable for any claims arising out of (a) your use of the Services (including but not limited to your participation in any activities promoted by or accessed via the Services), (b) the use, disclosure, display, or maintenance of an athlete’s Personal Data and/or Location Data, (c) any other interactions with us or any other athletes using the Services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (d) other Content, information, services or goods received through or advertised on the Services or received through any links provided with the Services.

To the extent permitted by applicable law, you acknowledge and agree that we offer the Services and set the Services’ prices in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers, releases, and limitations of liability set forth in the Terms. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you also acknowledge and agree that these warranty disclaimers, releases, and limitations of liability reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between you and us and that these warranty disclaimers, releases, and limitations of liability form an essential basis of the bargain between you and us. We would not be able to provide the Services to you on an economically reasonable basis without these warranty disclaimers, releases, and limitations of liability.

If you are a resident of California: You waive your rights with respect to California Civil Code Section 1542, which says “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”

14. Indemnification

If we are sued because of your access or use of the Services, you have to pay our costs.
If you are a resident of the United States or any country other than France or Germany: To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Under Armour, its subsidiaries, suppliers and other partners harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) the User-Generated Content you access or share through the Services; (b) your use of the Services, (c) your athletic activities in connection with the Services (including, but not limited to, athletic activities in connection with any contests, races, group activities, Third-Party Activities or other events that we may sponsor, organize, participate in, or where the Services are employed), (d) your connection to the Services, (e) your violation of these Terms, (f) your use or misuse of any athlete’s Personal Data and Location Data, (g) any violation of the rights of any other person or entity by you, or (h) your employment of the Services to meet another athlete in person or to locate and attend any offline place or event. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under the Terms, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.

If you are a resident of France or Germany: Notwithstanding the previous paragraph, you agree to indemnify and hold Under Armour, its subsidiaries, suppliers and other partners harmless from any claim or demand as result of your negligent or intentional behavior, including reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) the User-Generated Content you access through the Services; (b) your violation of these Terms, (c) your use or misuse of any athlete’s Personal Data and Location Data, (d) any violation of the rights of any other person or entity by you, or (e) your employment of the Services to meet another athlete in person or to locate and attend any offline place or event. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under the Terms, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.

15. Governing Law

If you are a resident of the United States or any non-European Union country: These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland and controlling U.S. federal law as applicable, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

If you are a resident of the European Union: These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Dutch law, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

If you are a resident of Canada: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any purchase using a Visa credit card at Under Armour’s Canada website, these Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Canadian law, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

16. Disputes and Arbitration, Jurisdiction and Venue

If we have a problem, let’s practice good sportsmanship and resolve the dispute through arbitration.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you and Under Armour agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. Except where prohibited, you and we agree to submit to the personal and exclusive arbitration of disputes relating to your general use of the Services under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Please visit www.adr.org for more information about arbitration.

Any arbitration between you and us, to the extent necessary, will be conducted in Baltimore, Maryland, and you waive any right to claim that such location is an inconvenient forum. You agree not to sue us or bring arbitration in any other forum.

The arbitration will be conducted in English. A single independent and impartial arbitrator will be appointed pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Both you and we agree to comply with the following rules, which are intended to streamline the dispute resolution process and reduce the costs and burdens for everyone involved:

the arbitration will be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner to be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration;
the arbitration will not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the parties; and
any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrator will issue his or her decision within 120 days from the date the arbitrator is appointed. The arbitrator may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. All arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. The award of the arbitrator will be in writing and will include a statement describing the reasons for the disposition of any claim.

You also acknowledge and understand that, with respect to any dispute with us arising out of or relating to your use of the Services:

You are giving up your right to have a trial by jury;
You are giving up your right to serve as a representative, as a private attorney general, or in any other representative capacity, or to participate as a member of a class of claimants, in any lawsuit involving any such dispute; and
You must file any claim within one (1) year after such claim arose or it is forever barred.
If this arbitration provision is found to be null and void, then all disputes arising under the Terms between us will be subject to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Baltimore, Maryland, and you and we hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts.

This agreement to arbitrate will not preclude you or Under Armour from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration, including without limitation orders to stay a court action, compel arbitration or confirm an arbitral award, from a court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, this agreement to arbitrate will not preclude you or Under Armour from (i) applying to the appropriate court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or conservatory relief, as necessary, or (ii) seeking relief in any state or federal court for disputes related to a violation or possible violation of Under Armour’s intellectual property rights.

In the event of any litigation or arbitration arising from or related to these Terms, or the Services provided, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party all reasonable costs incurred including staff time, court costs, attorneys’ fees, and all other related expenses incurred in such litigation or arbitration.

If you are a resident of the European Union: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, if there is a dispute that you and Under Armour cannot resolve, you have the right to submit a complaint through http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.Other than as set out in these Terms, we do not participate in any ADR scheme.

In addition, nothing in these Terms limits your rights to bring an action against Under Armour in the local courts of your place of domicile. All disputes arising under the Terms between you and Under Armour will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in your place of domicile, or the courts located in the Netherlands, and you and we hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts.

If you are a resident of Finland: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, if there is a dispute that you and Under Armour cannot resolve, you have the right to submit a complaint to the local Consumer Disputes Board (www.kuluttajariita.fi) or other corresponding body.

If you are a resident of Denmark: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, if there is a dispute that you and Under Armour cannot resolve, you have the right to submit a complaint to the Danish Competition and Consumer Authority (Konkurrence- og Forbrugerstyrelsen, Center for Klageløsning, Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, 2500 Valby, mail: cfk@kfst.dk).

If you are a resident of South Korea: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits your rights to bring an action against Under Armour in the local courts of your place of domicile.

17. International Terms

If you are not a United States resident and you are accessing our Services from outside the United States, you agree to transfer certain information outside your home country to us, and that you will follow all the laws that apply to you.
We provide our Services for a global community of athletes. Our servers and operations are, however, located primarily in the United States, and our policies and procedures are based primarily on United States law. Because of this, the following provisions apply specifically to athletes located outside of the United States: (i) you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information, including but not limited to User-Generated Content and any Personal Data, to and in the United States and/or other countries; (ii) if you are using the Services from a country embargoed by the United States, or are on the United States Treasury Department’s list of “Specially Designated Nationals,” you are not authorized to access or make use of the Services; and (iii) you agree to comply with all local laws, rules, and regulations including, without limitation, all laws, rules, and regulations in effect in the country in which you reside and the country from which you access the Services. The Services are not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation, or which that would subject Under Armour or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country.

If you are a resident of the European Union, Hong Kong, Russia, New Zealand or South Korea: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, please note that certain jurisdictions may not allow the waiver or limitation of certain warranties, liabilities or damages under mandatory law, so some of the exclusions and limitations in these Terms may not apply to you. Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our responsibility for (1) fraudulent representations made by us, (2) death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or (3) non-execution of any material contractual obligation.

If you are a resident of New Zealand: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our liability or your rights if you are a consumer for the purposes of the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993, or the Fair Trading Act 1986.

If you are a resident of Germany, France, Austria or Finland: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, the qualifier “to the maximum extent permitted by law” and other qualifiers of similar effect shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms everywhere it appears and shall have no force and effect.

If you are a resident of South Korea: The Under Armour contracting party for Under Armour Shopping is Under Amour Korea, Ltd. You must be at least 14 to use Under Armour Shopping. If you are between the ages of 14 and 18, you or your legal representative may cancel the applicable sales contract created pursuant to Under Amour Shopping if your legal representative has not consented to such sales contract. Further, notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, any modification to these Terms will be announced on the website prior to the effective date thereof; provided if you do not express intent to refuse such modification or change after a reasonable period of time following such announcement, it is deemed that you have consented to such modification or change.

If you are a resident of Turkey: Certain of the e-commerce terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A: UA Shopping do not pertain to Turkish residents who purchase products from our Turkish distributor FDOĞUŞ PERAKENDE (Doğuş Perakende Satış Giyim ve Aksesuar Tic. A.Ş.) at http://www.underarmour.com.tr.

For Turkish users shopping on http://www.underarmour.com.tr, only those terms and conditions agreed to by such users that are valid under Turkish law will apply.
In the case of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of Appendix A: UA Shopping and the terms and conditions of the Transaction Guide, the Distance Agreement, or the Pre-Information Form, the terms and conditions of the Transaction Guide, the Distance Agreement, or the Pre-Information Form (as the case may be) will supersede and prevail over the conflicting or inconsistent terms and conditions in Appendix A: UA Shopping.
We will send you an order acknowledgment that details the products that you have ordered after you have completed your purchase.
You may maintain a different billing address on file for the credit card issuing bank than the billing address you enter when you place an order on on http://www.underarmour.com.tr.
If we cannot ship a product to your location, we will inform you by email that shipment to your location is not possible.
Per the Distance Agreement, the delivery of your products will be made within thirty (30) days.
Per the Transaction Guide, Distance Agreement and Pre-Information Form, you have fourteen (14) days to cancel a Distance Agreement and avoid any penalty.
We will not change the change the goods advertised or offered for sale, the prices or specifications of any such goods and any promotional offers in connection with any already completed purchases and/or in process transactions on http://www.underarmour.com.tr.

18. Survival

Even if you stop using the Services, certain Terms listed here will still apply.
If our relationship or these Terms terminate, it will not limit any of our other rights or remedies, and any provision of these Terms that must survive in order to give proper effect to the intent and purpose of these Terms will survive termination, including without limitation Sections 3 (Ownership and Use of Content), Section 10 (Physical Activities), 12 (No Warranties), 13 (Limitations of Liability) and 14 (Indemnification).

19. Miscellaneous

These miscellaneous provisions are part of just about every online terms agreement. Basically, they ensure that this agreement between us is enforceable.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of the Terms or your use of the Services. The Terms and any Product-Specific Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to your use of the Services.

Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.

You may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer your account or your obligations under these Terms without our prior written consent. We have the right, in our sole discretion, to transfer or assign all or any part of our rights under these Terms and will have the right to delegate or use third-party contractors to fulfill our duties and obligations under these Terms and in connection with the Services.

Our notice to you via email, regular mail, or notices or links displayed in connection with the Services constitutes acceptable notice to you under the Terms. We are not responsible for your failure to receive notice if email is quarantined by your email security system (e.g., “junk” or “spam” folder) or if you fail to update your email address. Notice will be considered received forty-eight hours after it is sent if transmitted via email or regular mail. In the event that notice is provided via links displayed in connection with the Services, then it will be considered received twenty-four hours after it is first displayed.

20. Contact Us

If you have any feedback, questions or comments about the Services, please contact our Support Team by email, by phone at 1-888-727-6687, or by mail at: Under Armour, 1020 Hull Street, Baltimore, MD 21230 (USA), and include the subject as “Attn: Legal – Terms and Conditions of Use”. Please be sure to include in any email or postal mail your full name, email address, postal address, and any message.

Thanks for reading all of this and welcome to Under Armour!

Effective Date: August 28, 2017 - What’s new »
Welcome to Evernote! We invite you to access our websites and use the Evernote service, but please note that your invitation is subject to your agreement with these Terms of Service. This document describes in detail your rights and our rights relating to the provision of the Service (as defined below), so please review these Terms carefully.
What Are the Terms of Service?
The Terms of Service constitutes a contract between Evernote and you. The Terms include the provisions set forth in this document and in the Evernote Privacy Policy, Commercial Terms, Evernote Busines­­s Agreement, User Guidelines, IP Compliance Program and other terms or conditions that may be presented by us and accepted by you from time to time in connection with specific Service offerings (all of which we collectively refer to as the “Terms of Service” or “Terms”). If you do not agree to these Terms, you do not have the right to access or use our Service. If you do register for or otherwise use our Service you shall be deemed to confirm your acceptance of the Terms and your agreement to be a party to this binding contract. 
By using the Service, you acknowledge, accept and agree with all provisions of the Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, the use and treatment of the text, images, and other data you choose to input, upload, or store in Evernote (collectively, “Content”) and your personal information in accordance with such Privacy Policy.
What Is the Evernote Service?
The Evernote Software (as defined below), the Evernote service, and other products, services and websites hosted or made available by Evernote, including, for example our App Center, User Forum, and Help & Learning pages are collectively referred to in these Terms as the “Service”. In exchange for being enabled to use the Service, you agree to abide by these Terms.´
If This Is a Contract, Who Are the Parties?
You, the Account Holder, are one party to this contract. (An Account Holder is the person or entity who has contracted with Evernote as either an individual Basic, Plus, or Premium user or as a Customer as defined in our Evernote Business Agreement.) 
If you reside in the United States or Canada, then the other party to this contract is Evernote Corporation, a corporation headquartered in California. If you reside in Brazil, then the other party to this contract is Evernote do Brasil Serviços de Aplicações Ltda., a company headquartered in the city of São Paulo, State of Sao Paolo, Brazil (“Evernote Brasil”). If you reside outside of the United States, Canada and Brazil, then the other party to this contract is Evernote GmbH, a company headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland. (Evernote Corporation, Evernote GmbH and Evernote Brasil, as applicable, may be referred to in these Terms of Service as “Evernote,” “we” and sometimes “us”).
On some occasions, you may be purchasing products or service subscriptions from an authorized reseller. Please review our Commercial Terms for information about additional contract terms relating to such purchases.
Is This the Only Contract I Have with Evernote?
It depends upon how you interact with the Evernote service and our software applications. If you install any Evernote Software on your computing devices, you may be asked to agree to an end user license agreement. If you pay for an Evernote subscription, you will be asked to agree to the Commercial Terms. If you use related Evernote products or services (such as Evernote Business) or participate in our User Forum, you may also need to enter into a separate agreement with us (usually by clicking “accept” or “agree”). We refer to each of these as a “Separate Agreement.” If that happens, the Separate Agreement shall take precedence if there is a conflict between those terms and this Terms of Service document, to the extent of such conflict and with respect to the particular subject matter of that Separate Agreement.
Will These Terms of Service Ever Change?
These Terms may be amended as new features, technology, or legal requirements arise, so please check back from time to time. If we make a significant change, we’ll notify you and, where required, seek your consent.
If we do update these Terms, you are free to decide whether to accept the updated terms or to stop using our Service (see “How is My Account Closed” below); your continued use of the Service after the effectiveness of that update will be deemed to represent your agreement with, and consent to be bound by, the new Terms. Except for changes made by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms shall be effective unless set forth in a written agreement expressly amending these Terms and bearing a written signature by you and us. For clarity, email or other communications will not constitute an effective written agreement for this purpose.
What Do I Have to do to Use the Evernote Service?
First, you need to create an Evernote service account. You create an account by providing us with an email address and creating a password. (Some older accounts also required a username.) We refer to this as your “Basic Subscriber Information”. We encourage you to use a distinct and non-obvious password that is different from passwords you use for any other service. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy, completeness and confidentiality of your Basic Subscriber Information, and you will be responsible for all activities that occur under your account, including activities of others to whom you have provided your Basic Subscriber  Information. We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to provide us with accurate information or to keep your Basic Subscriber Information secure. If you discover any unauthorized use of your Basic Subscriber Information or suspect that anyone may be able to access your private Content without authorization, you should immediately change your password and notify our Customer Support team.
Second, you will need to access your account through a web browser or by installing our client software on your computers, tablets and phones. Obtaining those devices and paying for their connectivity and data plans is your responsibility. Evernote also has no responsibility for the availability of the Internet and other telecommunication services necessary to access the Service.
Can I Share My Account with Someone Else?
Evernote service accounts should not be shared. If you share your Basic Subscriber Information with anyone, that other person may be able to take control of the account, and we may not be able to determine who is the proper Account Holder. We will not have any liability to you (or anyone you share your Basic Subscriber Information with) as a result of your or their actions under those circumstances. Since you may use a free Evernote service account, and since we provide a number of mechanisms to allow you to share your account Content with others, we strongly urge you not to share your information with anyone, unless you are doing so as part of your estate planning purposes, as discussed below.
Once I Have an Account, What Are My Rights in the Evernote Service?
Once your account is created and you accept these Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use the Service subject to these Terms, for so long as you are not barred from receiving the Service under the laws applicable to you, until you close your account voluntarily or until we close your account pursuant to these Terms. In addition, we grant you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the Evernote Software provided to you by or on behalf of Evernote, for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Evernote Software and enjoy the benefit of the Service, subject to any applicable license terms provided with the Evernote Software and these Terms, until your rights are terminated in accordance with such license and/or these Terms. You do not obtain any other right or interest in Evernote or the Service.
Evernote’s Data Protection Laws Say My Data Is Mine – What Does That Mean?
You retain copyright and any other rights you already held in your Content before you submitted, posted or displayed it on or through the Service. But you do have to grant Evernote a limited license, as described below, so we can make your data accessible and usable on the Service. Other than this limited license and other rights you grant in these Terms, Evernote acknowledges and agrees that we do not obtain any right, title or interest from you under these Terms in any of your Content.
What Is the License I Have to Grant to Evernote?
In order to enable Evernote to operate the Service, we must obtain from you certain limited license rights to process your Content that is covered by intellectual property rights so that technical actions we take in operating the Service are not considered legal violations. For example, copyright laws could prevent us from processing, maintaining, storing, backing-up and distributing certain Content, unless you give us these rights. Accordingly, by using the Service and uploading Content, you are granting Evernote a license to display, perform and distribute your Content and to modify (for technical purposes, e.g., making sure content is viewable on smartphones as well as computers and other devices) and reproduce such Content to enable Evernote to operate the Service. You also agree that Evernote has the right to elect not to accept, post, store, display, publish or transmit any Content in our sole discretion. 
You agree that these rights and licenses are royalty free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide and irrevocable (for so long as your Content is stored with us), and include a right for Evernote to make such Content available to, and pass these rights along to, others with whom Evernote has contractual relationships related to the provision of the Service, solely for the purpose of providing such services, and to otherwise permit access to or disclose your Content to third parties if Evernote determines such access is necessary to comply with its legal obligations.
If you elect to use any third party service or application that is integrated with Evernote, you also agree that the licenses granted to Evernote in the preceding paragraph shall apply to Content that is submitted or uploaded through such third party service or application. If the third party service or application you elect to use would access or extract Content, you grant Evernote the right and license to enable third party access to and extraction of your Content. Evernote does not assume any responsibility for, or liability on account of, the actions or omissions of such third party applications or service providers.
As we rely upon your rights to upload and distribute your Content, you represent and warrant to Evernote that (1) you have the unfettered legal rights and authority to submit your Content to Evernote, to make any other use, publication or other distribution of that Content in your use of the Service, and to grant the rights granted to Evernote under these Terms; and (2) your Content complies with our User Guidelines and these Terms.
Finally, you understand and agree that Evernote, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Service to our users, may make such changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services or media. 
What Other Assurances Do I Have to Grant to Evernote?
When you use the Evernote service to send messages to an email address, to a telephone number via SMS, or through a social media account (e.g., Facebook or LinkedIn) that has not been linked to an Evernote account, Evernote sends such messages on your behalf, and we are relying on your representation to us that you have a direct relationship with the recipient(s) and that you are respecting the legal rights of the recipient(s) not to receive certain kinds of messages (such as harassing messages, unsolicited commercial messages, and unwanted SMS messages). Whenever you send any kind of message to a third party you represent and warrant to Evernote that you are acting within the law and that you have prior consent from the recipient to send them such a message.
Are There Rules about What I Can Do on the Evernote Service?
Yes. Your use of the Service must be in accordance with these Terms. When it comes to your use of the Service, you agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and all conduct under your account. This means all Content created, transmitted, stored or displayed in your account, is your sole responsibility as the person who created the Content or introduced it into the Service. This applies whether the Content is kept private, shared or transmitted using the Service or any third-party application or services integrated with the Evernote service. Our User Guidelines provide more specific details regarding prohibited conduct on the Service. If we find that any shared Content in your account violates our Terms of Service (including by violating another person’s intellectual property or privacy rights), we reserve the right to un-share or take down such content.
I’m Guessing Evernote Has Some Rights Relating to the Service?
We do. They’re described here:
CONTENT RIGHTS.
While you own the Content you store within the Evernote service (subject to third party rights), you acknowledge and agree that Evernote (and our licensors) own(s) all legal right, title and interest in and to the Service, including, without limitation, all software that is part of the Service and all Evernote software deployed by you or a third party to enable capturing of Content originating outside the Service, such as Evernote Scannable, Evernote Web Clipper, the Site Memory widget or any of the Evernote software applications for compatible computing devices that enable access and use of the Service through such device (the “Evernote Software”).
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
In agreeing to these Terms, you also agree that the rights in the Service and Evernote Software, including all intellectual property rights, such as trademarks, patents, designs and copyrights, are protected by one or more of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, regulations and treaties, in addition to these Terms and any Separate Agreement. In particular, you agree to not modify, create derivative works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract source code from any Evernote Software, unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license, we give you express written permission or you are otherwise legally permitted to do so notwithstanding this prohibition. 
RIGHT TO MODIFY THE SERVICE.
We retain the right, in our sole discretion, to implement new elements as part of and/or ancillary to the Service, including changes that may affect the previous mode of operation of the Service or Evernote Software. We expect that any such modifications will enhance the overall Service, but it is possible that you may not agree with us. We also reserve the right to establish limits to the nature or size of storage available to you, the number of transmissions, the ability to send or receive email messages, the nature or size of any index or library information, the nature of, or your continued ability to access or distribute, your Content and other data, and impose other limitations at any time, with or without notice. For example, if you use Evernote Basic, you will not enjoy all of the benefits provided to subscribers of Evernote Plus, Evernote Premium or Evernote Business.
You also acknowledge that a variety of Evernote actions may impair or prevent you from accessing your Content or using the Service at certain times and/or in the same way, for limited periods or permanently, and agree that Evernote has no responsibility or liability as a result of any such actions or results, including, without limitation, for the deletion of, or failure to make available to you, any Content. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any part of the Service. However, if you are a subscriber for Evernote Plus, Evernote Premium, Evernote Business or another paid version of the Service (each a “Paid Service”) and find that any such modifications or interruption of the Paid Service adversely affects you, you may notify our Customer Support team, explain the adverse impact the modification has created and, if you desire, request a termination of your Paid Service. Upon receipt of any such request, we will endeavor to promptly remedy the adverse impact caused by the modification, extend the duration of your Paid Service subscription for a period of time equal to the interruption and/or refund a portion of your Paid Service subscription fee equal to the remaining unused term of the Paid Service subscription, as we determine appropriate or as may be required by applicable law.
RIGHT TO ENGAGE THIRD PARTIES.
Evernote engages certain affiliates or other third parties (“Service Providers”) to provide technical or other services relating to all or part of the Service, and you hereby agree that such involvement by these Service Providers is acceptable. In addition, Evernote may contract with third party resellers of the Evernote Plus, Premium or Business versions of the Service and payment processors to enable payments in your local currency and payment systems. Please see our Privacy Policy to understand the extent to which any affiliate or third party may have access to your account information or Content and our Commercial Terms to understand our relationship with any reseller or payment processor. 
RIGHT TO USE THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE.
Evernote may from time to time include as part of the Service and Evernote Software computer software supplied by third parties which is utilized by permission of the respective licensors and/or copyright holders on the terms provided by such parties. We provide information about some of this third party software here and within the particular Evernote Software. Evernote expressly disclaims any warranty or other assurance to you regarding such third party software. 
RIGHT TO UPDATE OUR SOFTWARE.
In connection with any modification of the Service, Evernote may automatically download software updates on your computers and devices from time to time with the intention of improving, enhancing, repairing and/or further developing the Service. Evernote will endeavor to provide you with the option of whether or not to install the update; however, in certain circumstances (e.g., security risks), Evernote may require you to install the update to continue accessing the Service. In all cases, you agree to permit Evernote to deliver these updates to you (and you to receive them) as part of your use of the Service.
Do These Terms Apply to Evernote Business Users?
If you are using the Service as part of an Evernote Business account, your use of the Service is governed by these Terms, except to the extent the Separate Agreement governing the Evernote Business account provides conflicting terms. The Customer who has contracted with Evernote and the Administrator of the Evernote Business account (as “Customer” and “Administrator” are defined in the applicable Evernote Business Agreement) have the responsibility to and agree to share the terms of such Separate Agreement with each individual whose user account is linked to that Evernote Business account (“End User”).
If you are an End User of an Evernote Business account, please note that the Customer of your Evernote Business account (such as your employer or organization) may have established its own rules regarding End Users’ access, use, disclosure, or retention of data stored in that account. You can find more information on how your personal Evernote service account works with your Evernote Business account in our Privacy Policy and in this Help and Learning article.
How Does Evernote Respond to Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Violations?
We respond to clear and complete notices of alleged infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws that satisfy the requirements in these Terms (which we believe to comply with the United States Digital Millennium Copyright and other applicable laws). If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated, please notify our Compliance team according to the instructions provided by our IP Rights Compliance Program and we will investigate. Note that each owner of intellectual property is responsible for protecting their rights and taking any legal or other action they determine to be appropriate to do so, and Evernote does not accept any obligation to take any particular action to enforce or protect any party’s intellectual property rights on their behalf.
Can Kids Use Evernote?
Evernote is not directed to minors, and any use by minors should only be done with the guidance, supervision and consent of their parents, guardians and/or authorized school officials. Further, we rely on parents and guardians to ensure minors only use the Service if they can understand their rights and responsibilities as stated in these Terms and our Privacy Policy. 
Consistent with applicable law, Evernote does not knowingly collect personal information from minors without parental consent. If we learn that we have inadvertently obtained information in violation of applicable laws prohibiting collection of information from children without such consent, we will promptly delete it. 
Where Does My Data Go?
The Service is available worldwide, but your data is stored in the United States, as described in our Privacy Policy. If you use the Service, you acknowledge that you may be sending electronic communications (including your Basic Subscriber Information and Content), through computer networks owned by Evernote, its Service Providers, and other third parties located in California and other locations in the United States and other countries. As a result, your use of the Service will likely result in interstate and possibly international data transmissions, and your use of the Service shall constitute your consent to permit such transmissions.
How is My Account Closed?
You may deactivate your account with our Service at any time, for any reason (or no reason). However, if you want to deactivate your account you need to take certain specific steps, which are described in our Help & Learning article entitled “How do I deactivate my account?”. If you subscribe to a Paid Service, you will need to cancel your subscription pursuant to our Commercial Terms. 
Evernote may act to temporarily limit your use of the Service, suspend access to your account, or close your account, with or without notice according to these Terms. Reasons for Evernote suspending or closing your account may include, without limitation: (i) breach or violation of these Terms (including the User Guidelines) or any Separate Agreement, (ii) an extended period of inactivity (determined in Evernote’s sole discretion), (iii) your nonpayment of any fees or other sums due Evernote or any other party related to your use of the Service, (iv) the discontinuance or material modification of the Service (or any part thereof) or (v) unexpected technical or security issues or problems or extensive Unsupported Use.
In most cases, in the event we elect to close your account, we will provide at least 30 days advance notice to you at the email address you have provided to us, so you have a chance to retrieve any Content stored on the Service servers (unless we determine that we are legally prohibited from providing such notice or enabling you to do so). After the expiration of this notice period, you will no longer be able to retrieve Content contained in that account or otherwise use the Service through that account.
What Happens to My Account when I Die?
Evernote’s pledge to protect the privacy of your Content will continue, even after your death or incapacity. If you wish to enable someone to have access to your Content or other data in your account after you are no longer able to provide them access, you need to implement a process for providing your information to them. We will not provide your information, or your Content, to anyone, even next of kin, unless we determine that we are legally obligated to do so. We encourage you to include your Basic Subscriber information, with instructions on how to access your Content, in your will or other estate plans, so that anyone you wish to have access to your account will have the means to do so. Please see our Commercial Terms for information on terminating payment for Paid Services upon death or incapacity. 
If I Have a Great Idea to Share with Evernote, What Are My Rights?
When you submit any ideas, suggestions, documents and/or proposals relating to the Service (or other products or services) to Evernote through the “Contact Us,” User Forum or Support interfaces or through any other channel or mechanism (collectively, “Contributions”), you acknowledge and agree that: (i) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information; (ii) Evernote is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Contributions; (iii) Evernote shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way; (iv) Evernote may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development; (v) your Contributions automatically become the property of Evernote without any obligation of Evernote to you; and (vi) you are not entitled to any accounting, compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Evernote under any circumstances.
Does Evernote Serve Ads?
Our business model is to make the Service so valuable that our users will want to subscribe to a Paid Service. However, we may display advertisements and promotions on or in connection with the Service, some of which may be paid for by third parties. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Information page. 
Some advertising or other messaging content we provide will be based upon information provided by third parties, and we shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of any advertisements or other messages. Furthermore, your interactions with advertisers found on or through the Service, including, without limitation, all reliance upon advertising, all commercial transactions and legal obligations associated therewith, are solely between you and such advertisers.
What Else Do I Need to Know?
THIRD-PARTY LINKS, CONTENT AND PROGRAMMING.
We may include or recommend third party resources, materials and developers and/or links to third party websites, content and applications as part of, or in connection with, the Service. We may have little or no control over such sites or developers and, accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that (i) we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites, content or applications; (ii) we are not responsible or liable for any content or other materials or performance available from such sites or applications and (iii) we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, materials or applications.
INDEMNITY.
You agree to indemnify and hold Evernote, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, Service Providers and other partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising from or in any way related to any third party claims relating to your use of any of the Service, any violation of these Terms of Service or any other actions connected with your use of the Service (including all actions taken under your account). In the event of such claim, we will endeavor to provide notice of the claim, suit or action to the contact information we have for the account, provided that any failure to deliver such notice to you shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligation hereunder.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Service Is Available “As Is.” YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: 
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE PURCHASE AND USE OF ANY SERVICES ARE ALL AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EVERNOTE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
EVERNOTE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; OR (iii) ALL ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM EVERNOTE OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT EVERNOTE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND LICENSORS, AND OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND SUCCESSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, COVER OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF EVERNOTE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR TO USE PROMOTIONAL CODES OR EVERNOTE POINTS; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICE PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR THE LOSS, CORRUPTION OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, CONTENT OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON OR USING THE SERVICE, OR PROVIDING ANY SERVICES RELATED TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE; (v) EVERNOTE’S ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS IN RELIANCE UPON YOUR BASIC SUBSCRIBER INFORMATION AND ANY CHANGES THERETO OR NOTICES RECEIVED THEREFROM; (vi) YOUR FAILURE TO PROTECT THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY PASSWORDS OR ACCESS RIGHTS TO YOUR ACCOUNT; (vii) THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY USING OR INTEGRATING WITH THE SERVICE; (viii) ANY ADVERTISING CONTENT OR YOUR PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY ADVERTISED OR OTHER THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE; (ix) THE TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE; OR (x) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (INCLUDING THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY PROVISIONS) IS INTENDED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT ANY CONDITION, WARRANTY, RIGHT OR LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY WILLFUL ACTS, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THOSE LIABILITY AND OTHER LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION (IF ANY) WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
If Evernote Has to Send Me Notice of Something, How Will That Happen?
This is another reason why it’s important for you to make sure your Basic Subscriber Information is accurate, complete and up to date. We may provide you with notices by email (to the email address associated with your account), regular mail or postings on the website(s) related to the affected Service.
How Can I Send a Notice to Evernote?
Except where these Terms or any Separate Agreement specifically provide for use of a different means or address for notice, any notice to Evernote must be delivered by email to compliance@evernote.com. This email address may be updated as part of any update to these Terms of Service. If you are unable to deliver notice via email, you may send a notice to us at the following address (as applicable to your Service provider): 
Evernote Corporation
305 Walnut Street
Redwood City, California 94063 USA
Attention: Legal Notice
 Evernote GmbH
Walchestrasse 9
8006 Zurich, Switzerland
Attention: Legal Notice
 Evernote Do Brasil Serviços De
Aplicações Ltda
Federal Taxpayer Registration CNPJ/MF no 17.566.240/0001-50
Avenida Paulista, no 2.300
Andar Pilotis
Edifício São Luiz Gonzaga
CEP: 01310-300, São Paulo/SP
Attention: Legal Notice
Are There Countries Where I’m Not Allowed to Use Evernote?
You may not use or otherwise export the Service or any Evernote Software except as authorized by United States (“U.S.”) law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Service is hosted or where you use the Service. In particular, but without limitation, the Evernote Software may not be (i) exported or re-exported into any countries that are subject to U.S. economic sanctions or (ii) provided to or used by anyone on the U.S. Department of the Treasury's lists of Foreign Sanctions Evaders or Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons, Unverified, or Entity lists. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list, and shall not use the Service, or provide access to or use of the Service to anyone, in any such country. In addition, you are responsible for compliance with applicable export control, economic sanctions and related laws when you travel across international borders and access your Content.
What Law Applies to My Use of Evernote?
If you are a resident of the United States or Canada, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California, United States of America, as they apply to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 
If you reside in Brazil, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Brazil and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in Brazil, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
 If you reside outside of the United States, Canada, and Brazil, these Terms and the relationship between you and Evernote (including any dispute) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Switzerland and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in Switzerland, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.
What Do I Do If I Think I Have a Claim Against Evernote?
LET US KNOW ABOUT YOUR COMPLAINT.
We want to know if you have a problem so we encourage you to contact our Customer Support team if you have any concerns with respect to the operation of the Service or any Evernote Software, as we want to ensure that you have an excellent experience. 
INITIATING A FORMAL CLAIM.
If you conclude that we have not satisfied your concern and that you must pursue legal action, you agree that your claim must be resolved by the processes set forth in these Terms. Evernote provides the Service to you on the condition that you accept the dispute resolution provisions described below, so if you initiate any claim against Evernote in any other manner, you shall be in violation of these Terms and you agree that Evernote shall be entitled to have such action dismissed or otherwise terminated and you agree to reimburse Evernote for its reasonable costs incurred in defending against such improperly initiated claim. You agree that prior to initiating any formal proceedings against Evernote, you will send us a notice to our attorneys at legalnotice@evernote.com and state that you are providing a “Notice of Dispute.” Upon receipt of a Notice of Dispute, you and we shall attempt to resolve the dispute through informal negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent. If the dispute remains unresolved, either you or we may initiate formal proceedings according to these Terms. 
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you are a resident of the United States or Canada, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in San Mateo County, California. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within San Mateo County, California (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you reside in Brazil, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by the courts in São Paolo-SP, Brasil. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within São Paolo-SP, Brasil (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. 
Except where our dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided below), if you are not a resident of the United States, Canada, or Brazil, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Evernote must be resolved exclusively by the courts in Zurich, Switzerland. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Zurich, Switzerland (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS.
Unless you are subject to the Arbitration Agreement set out below, and subject to any applicable laws, if a claim arises between you and Evernote where the total value of such claim is less than US$10,000, the party initiating the claim may elect to have the dispute resolved pursuant to a binding arbitration process that does not require attendance in person. This “Alternative Dispute Resolution Process” shall be initiated by either party sending notice to the other, in which event you and Evernote agree to use our reasonable efforts to agree within thirty (30) days upon an individual or service to manage the Alternative Dispute Resolution Process (the “Arbitration Manager”) according to the following requirements: (i) neither party shall be required to attend any proceeding in person, (ii) the proceeding will be conducted via written submissions, telephone or online communications or as otherwise agreed upon, (iii) the fees for the Arbitration Manager will be borne equally by the parties or be submitted to the Arbitration Manager to determine as part of the dispute and (iv) the judgment rendered by the Arbitration Manager may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction for enforcement. 
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU), please note that we offer this Alternative Dispute Resolution Process, but we cannot offer you the European Commission Dispute Platform as we do not have an establishment in the EU.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
If you reside in the United States or are otherwise subject to the US Federal Arbitration Act, you and Evernote agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between us - except any dispute relating to the enforcement or validity of your, our or either of our licensors’ intellectual property rights - shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement. (Note that if you were a Service user prior to December 4, 2012 and formally elected to opt out of the Arbitration Agreement pursuant to the procedures set out in our Terms of Service that were effective as of December 4, 2012, you are not subject to this Arbitration Agreement.)
Our arbitration proceedings would be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures applicable at that time, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (to the extent applicable), as modified by our Arbitration Agreement. You may review those rules and procedures, and obtain a form for initiating arbitration proceedings at the AAA's website. The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is US$10,000 or less, either of us may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on us subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone by you and/or us, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of California, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Evernote users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same user to the extent required by applicable law. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court possessing jurisdiction over the parties, except for a limited right of appeal under the Federal Arbitration Act.
The AAA rules will govern the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees, unless our Arbitration Agreement expressly provides otherwise. If the amount of any claim in an arbitration is US$10,000 or less, Evernote will pay all filing, administration and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration, so long as (i) you make a written request for such payment of fees and submit it to the AAA with your Demand for Arbitration and (ii) your claim is not determined by the arbitrator to be frivolous. In such case, we will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA. If the amount of the claim exceeds US$10,000 and you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Evernote will pay as much of the filing, administration and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive. If the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration are frivolous, you agree to reimburse Evernote for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by Evernote on your behalf, which you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.
YOU AND EVERNOTE AGREE, AS PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS PART OF ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. WE REFER TO THIS AS THE “PROHIBITION OF CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS.” UNLESS BOTH YOU AND WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN YOUR OR OUR CLAIM WITH ANOTHER PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING. THE ARBITRATOR MAY ONLY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER EVERNOTE USERS.
Except with respect to the Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions, if a court decides that any part of this Arbitration Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to apply. If a court decides that the Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions is invalid or unenforceable, then this entire Arbitration Agreement shall be null and void. The remainder of these Terms and this Section (What Do I Do if I think I Have A Claim Against Evernote?) will continue to apply.
CLAIMS ARE TIME-BARRED.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary or the applicable dispute resolution process, any claim or cause of action you may have arising out of or related to use of the Service or otherwise under these must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or you hereby agree to be forever barred from bringing such claim.
The provisions of this section, entitled “Claims Are Time-Barred” shall be deemed to constitute a separate written legally binding agreement by and between you and us.
SPECIAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA USERS.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users of the Service from California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. You may contact us via email at legalnotice@evernote.com or at:
Evernote Corporation
305 Walnut Street
Redwood City, California 94063 USA
Attention: Legal Notice
Anything Else?
A couple of final, but important, points. First, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Evernote and govern your use of the Service, except for, and then only to the extent that you have entered into a Separate Agreement. These Terms supersede any prior agreements or earlier versions of these Terms between you and Evernote for the use of the Service as of the Effective Date indicated at the top of these Terms. If, through accessing or using the Service, you utilize or obtain any product or service from a third party, you may additionally be subject to such third party’s terms and conditions applicable thereto, and these Terms shall not affect your legal relationship with such third party.
Second, you acknowledge and agree that each affiliate of Evernote shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of these Terms which confers a benefit on (or provides rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms. 
Finally, the section headings in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Website Terms of Use
Last Revised on February 21, 2018

AGREEMENT BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND EXPEDIA, INC.
Welcome to the Expedia.com website (the "Website"). This Website is provided solely to assist customers in gathering travel information, determining the availability of travel—related goods and services, making legitimate reservations or otherwise transacting business with travel suppliers, and for no other purposes. The terms "we", "us", "our", “Expedia” and "Expedia, Inc." refer to Expedia, Inc., a Washington corporation, and its subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, including Travelscape, LLC, (collectively, the "Expedia Companies"). “Expedia Partner” means any co-branded and/or linked website through which we provide links, content or service. The term "you" refers to the customer visiting the Website and/or booking a reservation through us on this Website, or through our customer service agents. 

This Website is offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, the "Terms of Use” or "Agreement"). Please read these Terms of Use carefully, as they contain important information about limitations of liability and resolution of disputes through arbitration rather than in court. You should also read our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of the Website, and is incorporated by reference in this Agreement. By accessing or using this Website, booking any reservations for travel products or services on this Website, or contacting our call center agents, you agree that the Terms of Use then in force shall apply. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, please do not use or book any reservations through this Website or our call center agents.

USE OF THE WEBSITE
As a condition of your use of this Website, you warrant that:

you are at least 18 years of age;
you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation;
you will use this Website in accordance with these Terms of Use;
you will only use this Website to make legitimate reservations for you or for another person for whom you are legally authorized to act;
you will inform such other persons about the Terms of Use that apply to the reservations you have made on their behalf, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto;
all information supplied by you on this Website is true, accurate, current and complete; and
if you have an Expedia.com account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by you and anyone other than you.
We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to this Website and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of these Terms of Use. 

return to top

DISPUTES
Expedia is committed to customer satisfaction, so if you have a problem or dispute, we will try to resolve your concerns. But if we are unsuccessful, you may pursue claims as explained in this section. 

You agree to give us an opportunity to resolve any disputes or claims relating in any way to the Website, any dealings with our customer service agents, any services or products provided, any representations made by us, or our Privacy Policy (“Claims”) by contacting Expedia Customer Support or 1-877-787-7186. If we are not able to resolve your Claims within 60 days, you may seek relief through arbitration or in small claims court, as set forth below. 

Any and all Claims will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except you may assert Claims on an individual basis in small claims court if they qualify. This includes any Claims you assert against us, our subsidiaries, travel suppliers or any companies offering products or services through us (which are beneficiaries of this arbitration agreement). This also includes any Claims that arose before you accepted these Terms of Use, regardless of whether prior versions of the Terms of Use required arbitration. 

There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including statutory damages, attorneys’ fees and costs), and must follow and enforce these Terms of Use as a court would.

Arbitrations will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA Consumer Rules. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, except as provided in this section. If your total Claims seek less than $10,000, we will reimburse you for filing fees you pay to the AAA and will pay arbitrator’s fees. You may choose to have an arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the state where you live or at another mutually agreed location. 

To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your Claims to “Expedia Legal: Arbitration Claim Manager,” at Expedia, Inc., 333 108th Ave N.E. Bellevue, WA 98004. If we request arbitration against you, we will give you notice at the email address or street address you have provided. The AAA's rules and filing instructions are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. 

Any and all proceedings to resolve Claims will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a Claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. An arbitration decision may be confirmed by any court with competent jurisdiction. 

return to top

PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
The content and information on this Website (including, but not limited to, price and availability of travel services) as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to us or our suppliers and providers. While you may make limited copies of your travel itinerary (and related documents) for travel or service reservations booked through this Website, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Website. Additionally, you agree not to: 


use this Website or its contents for any commercial purpose;
make any speculative, false, or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand;
access, monitor or copy any content or information of this Website using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Website;
take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
deep—link to any portion of this Website (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any travel services) for any purpose without our express written permission; or
"frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of this Website into any other website without our prior written authorization.
If your booking or account shows signs of fraud, abuse or suspicious activity, Expedia may cancel any travel or service reservations associated with your name, email address or account, and close any associated Expedia accounts. If you have conducted any fraudulent activity, Expedia reserves the right to take any necessary legal action and you may be liable for monetary losses to Expedia, including litigation costs and damages. To contest the cancellation of a booking or freezing or closure of an account, please contact Expedia Customer Service. 

return to top

PRIVACY POLICY
Expedia Inc. believes in protecting your privacy. Please click here to review our current Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of the Website and, as stated above, is incorporated by reference, to understand our practices: Privacy Policy.

SUPPLIER RULES AND RESTRICTIONS
Additional terms and conditions will apply to your reservation and purchase of travel—related goods and services that you select. Please read these additional terms and conditions carefully. In particular, if you have purchased an airfare, please ensure you read the full terms and conditions of carriage issued by the travel supplier, which can be found on the supplier’s website. You agree to abide by the terms and conditions of purchase imposed by any supplier with whom you elect to deal, including, but not limited to, payment of all amounts when due and compliance with the supplier's rules and restrictions regarding availability and use of fares, products, or services. Airfare is only guaranteed once the purchase has been completed and the tickets have been issued. Airlines and other travel suppliers may change their prices without notice. We reserve the right to cancel your booking if full payment is not received in a timely fashion. 

Expedia may offer you the opportunity to book a reservation for a combination of two one—way tickets instead of a roundtrip ticket. Combined one-way tickets may provide a greater choice of flights, are often cheaper and can be combined on the same airline or on different airlines. Unlike roundtrip tickets, each one-way ticket is subject to its own rules, restrictions, and fees. If one of these flights is affected by an airline change (e.g. cancellation or rescheduling) that causes a Customer to make changes to the other flight, the Customer will be responsible for any fees incurred for making changes to the unaffected flight. 

For certain low-cost carriers, the price of your flight has been converted from a different currency for convenience purposes to provide you an estimate of the amount of the purchase in your local currency. As a result, when you book, the amount charged to your credit card by the airline may be slightly different due to currency fluctuations. Your statement may also include a fee from your card issuer to process the transaction plus any applicable taxes for international purchases. 

Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of $250,000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives, compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers, poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid, fireworks, tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. 

You acknowledge that some third-party providers offering certain services and/or activities may require you to sign their liability waiver prior to participating in the service and/or activity they offer. You understand that any violation of any such supplier's rules and restrictions may result in cancellation of your reservation(s), in your being denied access to the applicable travel product or services, in your forfeiting any monies paid for such reservation(s), and/or in our debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result of such violation. 

Expedia is not liable for any costs incurred due to hotel relocation. 

return to top

Sort Order :
Travelers have many options on to help them find the perfect hotel, flight, car rental, cruise or activity. The “sort” settings at the top of the page allows travelers to order search results to their preference, whether based on price, verified review score, or other criteria. The “filter” settings also allow travelers to include or exclude various options to suit their travel needs. If no options are selected, we will show a range of relevant options in the search results, based on the criteria outlined below:

Lodging: Our default sort order reflects the relevance of properties to your search criteria, as we want to make sure you are able to quickly and easily find the offer that is right for you. We measure relevance by taking into account factors like a property’s location, its review scores, the popularity of the property (measured by how many travelers on our sites make bookings at that property), the quality of the content provided by the property, and the competitiveness of the property’s rates and availability, all relative to other properties meeting your chosen search criteria. The compensation which a property pays us for bookings made through our sites is also a factor for the relative ranking of properties with similar offers, based on the relevance factors described above. On our non-default sorts (e.g., by price or by star rating), properties with similar results will be ordered based on the factors above.
Flights: Our default sort order is based on lowest price. In cases where two flights have the same price, the shorter flight is listed first.
Car Rental: Our default sort order is primarily driven by price, but we may consider other relevant factors such as popularity, customer reviews, convenience of pickup location, and car type or category.
Cruise: Our default sort order is based on a number of relevant factors such as cruise line rating, ship rating, price per day, origin rating, destination rating, length of cruise, and booking window.
Activities: Our default sort order is manually curated by Expedia’s destination managers familiar with each market, taking into account such factors as price, popularity, distance from hotel options, and traveler feedback.
Vacation Packages: When combining several different travel products into a vacation package, we use the criteria outlined above to determine the sort order for each product.
Additionally, we continually optimize our service to provide the best experience to travelers. Accordingly, we may test different default sort order algorithms from time to time. 

return to top

PREPAID HOTEL RESERVATIONS
You acknowledge that the Expedia Companies pre-negotiate certain room rates with hotel suppliers to facilitate the booking of reservations. You also acknowledge that the Expedia Companies provide you services to facilitate such booking of reservations for a consideration (the "facilitation fee"). The room rate displayed on the Website is a combination of the pre-negotiated room rate for rooms reserved on your behalf by the Expedia Companies and the facilitation fee retained by the Expedia Companies for their services. You authorize the Expedia Companies to book reservations for the total reservation price, which includes the room rate displayed on the Website, plus tax recovery charges, service fees, and where applicable, taxes on the Expedia Companies' services. You agree that your credit card will be charged by the Expedia Companies for the total reservation price. Upon submitting your reservation request you authorize the Expedia Companies, including Travelscape, LLC, to facilitate hotel reservations on your behalf, including making payment arrangements with hotel suppliers. 

You acknowledge that except as provided below with respect to tax obligations on the amounts we retain for our services, the Expedia Companies do not collect taxes for remittance to applicable taxing authorities. The tax recovery charges on prepaid hotel transactions are a recovery of the estimated taxes (e.g. sales and use, occupancy, room tax, excise tax, value added tax, etc.) that the Expedia Companies pay to the hotel supplier for taxes due on the hotel's rental rate for the room. The hotel suppliers invoice the Expedia Companies for certain charges, including tax amounts. The hotel suppliers are responsible for remitting applicable taxes to the applicable taxing jurisdictions. None of the Expedia Companies act as co-vendors with the supplier with whom we book or reserve our customer's travel arrangements. Taxability and the appropriate tax rate vary greatly by location. The actual tax amounts paid by the Expedia Companies to the hotel suppliers may vary from the tax recovery charge amounts, depending upon the rates, taxability, etc. in effect at the time of the actual use of the hotel by our customers. We retain service fees as additional compensation in servicing your travel reservation. Service fees retained by the Expedia Companies for their services vary based on the amount and type of hotel reservation. 

You may cancel or change your prepaid hotel reservation, but you will be charged the cancellation or change fee indicated in the rules and restrictions for the hotel reservation. If you do not cancel or change your reservation before the cancellation policy period applicable to the hotel you reserved, which varies by hotel (usually 24 to 72 hours) prior to your date of arrival, you will be subject to a charge equal to applicable nightly rates, tax recovery charges and service fees. In the event you do not show for the first night of the reservation and plan to check-in for subsequent nights in your reservation, you must confirm the reservation changes with us no later than the date of the first night of the reservation to prevent cancellation of your reservation. 

You agree to pay any cancellation or change fees that you incur. In limited cases, some hotels do not permit changes to or cancellations of reservations after they are made, as indicated in the rules and restrictions for the hotel reservation. You agree to abide by the Terms of Use imposed with respect to your prepaid hotel reservations. 

Sales, use and/or local hotel occupancy taxes are imposed on the amounts that we charge for our services (service fee and/or facilitation fee) in certain jurisdictions. The actual tax amounts on our services may vary depending on the rates in effect at the time of your hotel stay. 

You may not book reservations for more than 8 rooms online for the same hotel/stay dates. If we determine that you have booked reservations for more than 8 rooms in total in separate reservations, we may cancel your reservations, and charge you a cancellation fee, if applicable. If you paid a non-refundable deposit, your deposit will be forfeited. If you wish to book reservations for 9 or more rooms, you must contact Expedia’s group travel specialists by phone at (800) 916-3290 or by filling out the group travel form online. One of our group travel specialists will research your request and contact you to complete your reservation. You may be asked to sign a written contract and/or pay a nonrefundable deposit. 

Some hotel suppliers may require you to present a credit card or cash deposit upon check-in to cover additional expenses incurred during your stay. Such deposit is unrelated to any payment received by Expedia, Inc. for your hotel booking. 

return to top

PAY NOW OR PAY LATER DETAILS
With certain hotels, you may be presented with the option to pay online now or pay later at the hotel. If you select the “Pay Online Now” option, Expedia will charge the amount to your credit card in US dollars immediately. If you select “Pay Later at the Hotel”, the hotel will charge your credit card in the local currency at the time of your stay. Please note that taxes and fees vary between the two payment options. Tax rates and foreign exchange rates could change in the time between booking and stay. Expedia coupons may only be applied to "Pay Online Now" bookings. 

return to top

EXPEDIA UNPUBLISHED RATE RESERVATIONS
When available, Expedia, Inc.'s subsidiary, Hotwire, Inc., may offer additional, discounted hotel booking options on the Website. These hotels, called Expedia Unpublished Rate hotels, are different from other hotels offered on the Website in several important ways. The name and exact address of the hotel are not shown until after payment has been made for the booking. All bookings are final and cannot be changed, refunded, exchanged, cancelled, or transferred to another party. Your credit card will be charged for the amount shown even if you do not use the booking. Room type will be determined by the hotel based on the number of guests provided at time of booking. All reservations are booked for stays in non-smoking rooms (subject to availability). Hotel room assignments are determined at check-in and upgrades are not available. The maximum number of Expedia Unpublished Rate rooms that can be booked at one time is six. All Expedia Unpublished Rate rooms will be booked under the same name, and the guest under whose name the reservation is made must be present at check-in. Expedia Unpublished Rate hotels are not eligible for hotel reward or club programs. Upon check-in, guests must present a valid ID and credit card in their name (the amount of available credit required will vary by hotel). Debit cards may not be accepted. For information about tax recovery charges, service fees, and taxes on our services, where applicable, please see "Prepaid Hotel Reservations." 

return to top

BANK AND CREDIT CARD FEES
Your payment is processed in the United States, when we process your payment. When the travel supplier processes your payment, it will be processed in the country in which the travel supplier is based.

Expedia or the travel supplier may have to verify: (i) the validity of the payment card (through a charge of a nominal value that is either refunded within a few days or deducted from the final payment due to the travel supplier) and, (ii) the availability of funds on the payment card (to be confirmed by the bank issuing the your credit card).

Some banks and credit card companies impose fees for international or cross border transactions. For instance, if you are making a booking using a US-issued card with a non-US merchant, your bank may charge you a cross border or international transaction fee. Furthermore, booking international travel may be considered an international transaction by your bank or card company, since we may pass your card details to an international travel supplier to be charged. In addition, some banks and card companies impose fees for currency conversion. For instance, if you are making a booking in a currency other than the currency of your credit card, your credit card company may convert the booking amount to the currency of your credit card and charge you a conversion fee. The currency exchange rate and foreign transaction fee is determined solely by your bank on the day that they process the transaction. If you have any questions about these fees or the exchange rate applied to your booking, please contact your bank. 

return to top

CURRENCY CONVERTER
If a currency convertor is available on the Website, the following terms and conditions apply: Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and should be used as guidelines only. Rates are not verified as accurate, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes are not updated every day. Check the date on the currency converter feature for the day that currency was last updated. The information supplied by this application is believed to be accurate, but the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners, and/or our respective suppliers do not warrant or guarantee such accuracy. When using this information for any financial purpose, we advise you to consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the currency rates. We do not authorize the use of this information for any purpose other than your personal use and you are expressly prohibited from the resale, redistribution, and use of this information for commercial purposes.  

EXPEDIA REWARDS
The Expedia Rewards program (“Program”) is offered to the Website’s customers at the sole discretion of Expedia, Inc., and is open only to individuals who have reached the legal age of majority in their respective province/territory of residence, have a valid email address, and have enrolled in the Program.   Please click here to see the Terms and Conditions of the Program.

PAY WITH POINTS
Expedia allows points from selected loyalty programs (“Points Programs”) to be redeemed for certain travel-related goods and services on the Website. If you use or register to use any points on the Website these terms and conditions apply. To be eligible to use points on the Website, you must have an Expedia.com account, you must have an eligible account with the provider of the Points Program that is active and in good standing, and your purchase must exceed minimum transaction value for the use of your points (if any). 

LINKING YOUR ACCOUNT: For Points Programs other than Expedia Rewards (Your Expedia Rewards account is automatically linked to your Expedia.com account), your Points Program account (“Account”) will be linked to your Expedia.com account during the registration process on the Website. Expedia reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to deny registration, de-link your Account, or terminate your ability to use points on Expedia.com for any reason. During and after registration, the Points Program provider may provide Expedia with information about your Account, including your points balance. 

REDEEMING POINTS: There is no fee to redeem your points at Expedia.com. Points may only be redeemed for eligible purchases of Expedia travel-related goods and services that Expedia will determine in its discretion. Your Points Program provider will deduct from your Account balance the amount of points you elect to use toward your eligible purchase. You may not combine points from one Points Program provider with any other loyalty points from another provider to complete a single transaction. However, if you do not have enough points to complete an eligible purchase, you may use an eligible credit card associated with your Account to complete the transaction. Eligible cards for such transactions may be limited to cards associated with the Points Program used in the transaction. Expedia may, in its discretion, allow you to combine points with eligible coupons. 

ADDITIONAL TERMS: Purchases made with points are subject to the point to dollar conversion rate set by the Points Program provider. The Points Program provider has the right to change the point to dollar conversion rates at any time. Also, some Points Program providers may set a minimum amount of points that may be redeemed in any transaction. Additional terms and conditions may apply and are available at the applicable Points Program provider’s website. 

return to top

INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL
You are responsible for ensuring that you meet foreign entry requirements and that your travel documents, such as passports and visas (transit, business, tourist, and otherwise), are in order and any other foreign entry requirements are met. Expedia has no special knowledge regarding foreign entry requirements or travel documents. We urge customers to review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements, and advisories issued by the relevant governments prior to booking travel to international destinations. 

Passport and Visa: You must consult the relevant Embassy or Consulate for this information. Requirements may change and you should check for up-to-date information before booking and departure. We accept no liability if you are refused entry onto a flight or into any country due to your failure to carry the correct and adequate passport, visa, or other travel documents required by any airline, authority, or country, including countries you may just be transiting through. This includes all stops made by the aircraft, even if you do not leave the aircraft or airport. 

Health: Recommended inoculations for travel may change and you should consult your doctor for current recommendations before you depart. It is your responsibility to ensure that you meet all health entry requirements, obtain the recommended inoculations, take all recommended medication, and follow all medical advice in relation to your trip. 

Disinsection: Although not common, most countries reserve the right to disinsect aircraft if there is a perceived threat to public health, agriculture or environment. The World Health Organization and the International Civil Aviation Organization have approved the following disinsection procedures: (1) spray the aircraft cabin with an aerosolized insecticide while passengers are on board or (2) treat the aircraft's interior surfaces with a residual insecticide while passengers are not on board. For more information, see: http://ostpxweb.dot.gov/policy/safetyenergyenv/disinsection.htm 

BY OFFERING RESERVATIONS FOR TRAVEL PRODUCTS IN PARTICULAR INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, EXPEDIA DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO SUCH AREAS IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK, AND IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS. 

return to top

LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The Information, Software, Products and Services published on this Website may include inaccuracies or errors, including pricing errors. In particular, the Expedia Companies and Expedia Partners do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim all liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to the information and description of the hotel, air, cruise, car and other travel products and services displayed on this Website (including, without limitation, the pricing, photographs, list of hotel amenities, general product descriptions, etc.). In addition, Expedia, Inc. expressly reserves the right to correct any pricing errors on our Website and/or reservations made under an incorrect price. In such event, if available, we will offer you the opportunity to keep your reservation at the correct price or we will cancel your reservation without penalty. 

Hotel ratings displayed on this Website are intended as only general guidelines, and the Expedia Companies and Expedia Partners do not guarantee the accuracy of the ratings. The Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and their respective suppliers make no guarantees about the availability of specific products and services. The Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and their respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes on the Website at any time. 

The Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and their respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information, software, products and services contained on this Website for any purpose, and the inclusion or offering of any products or services on this Website does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of such products or services by the Expedia Companies or the Expedia Partners. All such information, software products, and services are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. The Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and their respective suppliers disclaim all warranties and conditions that this Website, its servers or any email sent from the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and/or their respective suppliers are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and their respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products and services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular response, title and non-infringement. 

The carriers, hotels and other suppliers providing travel or other services on this Website are independent contractors and not agents or employees of the Expedia Companies or the Expedia Partners. The Expedia Companies and the Expedia Partners are not liable for the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any such suppliers or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting there from. The Expedia Companies and the Expedia Partners have no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay, cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control, and they have no responsibility for any additional expenses, omissions, delays, re-routing or acts of any government or authority. 

In no event shall the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and/or their respective suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this Website or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this Website (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this Website; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products and services obtaining through this Website; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this Website) whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, consumer protection statutes, or otherwise, and even if the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and/or their respective suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

If, despite the limitation above, the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners or their respective suppliers are found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or in any way connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the liability of the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners and/or their respective suppliers will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the service fees you paid to Expedia, Inc. in connection with such transaction(s) on this Website, or (b) One-Hundred Dollars (US$100.00) or the equivalent in local currency. 

The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms of Use is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these Terms of Use inure to the benefit of the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners, and/or their respective suppliers. 

return to top

INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend and indemnify the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Partners, and/or their respective suppliers and any of their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of: 

your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents referenced herein;
your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or
your use of this Website.
return to top

LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Expedia, Inc. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such websites. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from this Website or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. 

return to top

SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE
Any software that we make available to download from this Website ("Software") or through your mobile application store, including the Expedia mobile application (the "Mobile Application") is the copyrighted work of the Expedia Companies and/or our respective suppliers. Your use of such Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies, or is included with, the Software ("License Agreement"). You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you first agree to the License Agreement terms. For any Software made available for download on this Website not accompanied by a License Agreement, we hereby grant to you, the user, a limited, personal, non-exclusive, nontransferable license to download, install and use the Software and/or the Mobile Application for viewing and otherwise using this Website and/or accessing the content and information available within the Mobile Application (including, without limitation, price and availability of travel services) in accordance with these Terms of Use and for no other purpose. 

Please note that all Software, including, without limitation, all HTML code and Active X controls contained on this Website, is owned by the Expedia Companies, Expedia Partners, and/or our respective suppliers, and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software is expressly prohibited, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible 

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT. 

Your mobile device must be connected to the internet for the Mobile Application to function correctly. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for your device to have internet connectivity and are responsible for all sums your service provider may charge you arising out of the Mobile Application transmitting and receiving data (including but not limited to data roaming charges). As further described in our Privacy Policy, the Mobile Application will automatically transfer a small amount of data as part of its normal operation, including how you use the Mobile Application, which Content you access, and technical errors or problems which the Application may encounter while being used. By using the Mobile Application, you acknowledge, agree and consent to the automatic collection of this information. 

return to top 

REVIEWS, COMMENTS, PHOTOS AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
We appreciate hearing from you. Please be aware that by submitting content to this Website by electronic mail, postings on this Website or otherwise, including any hotel reviews, photos, videos, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like contained in any submissions (collectively, "Submissions"), you grant Expedia and the affiliated, co-branded and/or linked website partners through whom we provide service (collectively, the "Expedia Partners"), a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and perform such Submissions throughout the world in any media, now known or hereafter devised; and (b) use the name that you submit in connection with such Submission. You acknowledge that the Expedia Companies may choose to provide attribution of your comments or reviews (for example, listing your name and hometown on a hotel review that you submit) at our discretion, and that such submissions may be shared with our supplier partners. You further grant the Expedia Companies the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or the Expedia Companies' rights in the Submissions by a breach of these Terms of Use. You acknowledge and agree that Submissions are non-confidential and non-proprietary. You expressly waive any and all ‘moral rights’ (including rights of attribution or integrity) that may subsist in your Submissions and agree that you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion or exploitation of your Submissions by us, the Expedia Partners or any of our partners or licensees. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Submissions posted or submitted by you. We have no obligation to post your comments; we reserve the right in our absolute discretion to determine which comments are published on the Website. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not provide us with any Submissions. 

You are fully responsible for the content of your Submissions, (specifically including, but not limited to, reviews posted to this Website). You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Website: (i) any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material or content that would violate rights of publicity and/or privacy or that would violate any law; (ii) any commercial material or content (including, but not limited to, solicitation of funds, advertising, or marketing of any good or services); and (iii) any material or content that infringes, misappropriates or violates any copyright, trademark, patent right or other proprietary right of any third party. You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any other harm resulting from your posting of content to this Website. You acknowledge that Expedia may exercise its rights (e.g. use, publish, delete) to any content you submit without notice to you. If you submit more than one review for the same hotel, only your most recent submission is eligible for use. 

From time to time we may offer customers incentives to leave hotel reviews (e.g. discount coupon/entry into prize draws etc.)As it is important to us that hotel reviews are impartial and honest, these incentives will be available to customers regardless of whether the hotel review is positive or negative. 

All photos submitted are subject to our Photo Submission Guidelines, available below: 
https://www.expedia.com/p/info-other/community-guidelines.htm

Expedia claims no ownership, affiliation with, or endorsement of any photos that are submitted by end users through our sites. 

Expedia’s policies with respect to claims by third parties that the content of the Website, including the content of any Submissions, infringes the copyrights owned by said third party can be found in the Claims of Copyright Infringement section below. 

The Google® Translate tool is made available on this Website to enable you to translate content such as user-generated hotel reviews. The Google® Translate tool uses an automated process to translate text and this may result in inaccuracies. Your use of the Google® Translate tool is entirely at your own risk. Expedia, Inc. does not warrant or make any promises, assurances or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the translations provided by Google® Translate. 

return to top

COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES
All contents of this Website are ©2018 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Expedia, Expedia.com, Find Yours, ASAP A Sudden Amazing Price, Expedia Rewards, VIP+, Expedia Viewfinder, the Expedia logo, the Expedia Affiliate Network logo, and the Airplane logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other logos and product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Expedia, Inc. is not responsible for content on websites operated by parties other than Expedia, Inc. 

If you are aware of an infringement of our brand, please let us know by emailing us at hotline@expedia.com. We only address messages concerning brand infringement at this email address. 

return to top

ACCOUNT TERMINATION
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable law, Expedia has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Expedia's sole discretion, subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Expedia may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Website and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. If you believe that an account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer, please provide information sufficient for us to verify that the account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer when filing your notice. 

return to top

NOTICE OF INFRINGING MATERIAL
If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by us infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a written notice that includes the following information. Please note that we will not process your complaint if it is not properly filled out or is incomplete. Any misrepresentations in your notice regarding whether content or activity is infringing may expose you to liability for damages. 


A clear identification of the copyrighted work you claim was infringed.
A clear identification of the material you claim is infringing on the Website, such as a link to the infringing material.
Your address, email address and telephone number.
A statement that you have a "good faith belief that the material that is claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
A statement that "the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
A signature by the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You may send us your notice by email to exp-copyright@expedia.com, by fax to (425) 679-7251, Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints, or by using the contact information below. 

return to top 

COUNTER NOTICES
If material you have posted has been taken down, you may file a counter-notification by fax or regular mail that sets forth the items specified below. You may want to seek legal counsel prior to doing so. Please include the following details: 


Identification of the specific content that was removed or disabled and the location that content appeared on Expedia’s Website. Please provide the URL address if possible.
Your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Expedia, Inc. may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the party who reported your content, or that party’s agent.
The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the content identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification.”

Sign the paper. 
Send the written communication to the following address: 

Expedia, Inc.
Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints
333 108th Avenue NE
Bellevue WA 98004 

OR you may fax it to: (425) 679-7251, Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints For any additional questions regarding the DMCA process for Expedia, please contact us at (425) 679-3751. 

return to top

PATENT NOTICES
One or more patents owned by the Expedia Companies may apply to this Website and to the features and services accessible via the Website. Portions of this Website operate under license of one or more patents. Other patents pending. 

return to top

MAP TERMS
Your use of mapping available on this Website is governed by the Microsoft Terms of Use and Microsoft Privacy Statement and the Google Terms of Use and Google Privacy Statement. Microsoft and Google reserve the right to change their Terms of Use and Privacy Statements at any time, at their sole discretion. Please click here for additional information: 

http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/default.mspx
http://www.microsoft.com/maps/assets/docs/terms.aspx
http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html
http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_AUP.html
http://www.maps.google.com/help/legalnotices_maps.html
http://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html

OpenStreetMap geo data used in mapping is (c) OpenStreetMap contributors and available under the Open Database License (ODbL)

return to top

GENERAL
These Terms of Use are governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and for reservations made by U.S. residents, the laws of the state in which your billing address is located, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Use of this Website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, this paragraph.  

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, or employment relationship exists between you and the Expedia Companies as a result of this Agreement or use of this Website. 

Our performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this Agreement limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of this Website or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use. 

If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. Our failure or delay in enforcing any provision of this Agreement at any time does not waive our right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) hereof in the future. 

This Agreement (and any other terms and conditions or policies referenced herein) constitutes the entire agreement between you and Expedia, Inc. with respect to this Website, our services and your dealings and relationships with us, and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and us. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial, arbitration or any other administrative proceedings to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. 

Fictitious names of companies, products, people, characters, and/or data mentioned on this Website are not intended to represent any real individual, company, product, or event. 

Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. 

return to top

REGISTRATIONS
Seller of Travel: Expedia, Inc. is a registered seller of travel in each of the states listed below: 


California registration number: 2029030-50
Florida registration number: ST-31901
Hawaii registration number: TAR-5461
Iowa registration number: 601
Nevada registration number: 2002-0758
Washington registration number: 601975803 
Registration as a seller of travel in California does not constitute the state's approval. 

New York State Tax Registration: 

Our New York sales tax vendor registration number through Travelscape (d/b/a Expedia Travel) is 880392667 and New York City hotel occupancy tax registration number through Travelscape (d/b/a Expedia Travel) is 033960. 

Please click here for additional information:
New York State Certificate of Authority
New York City Certificate of Authority 

return to top 

SERVICE HELP
For quick answers to your questions or ways to contact us, visit our Customer Support Center. Or, you can write to us at: 


Attn: Customer Service 
Expedia, Inc. 
333 108th Avenue NE 
Bellevue, WA 98004


Facebook  Statement of Rights and Responsibilities

This agreement was written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.  Please note that Section 16 contains certain changes to the general terms for users outside the United States.
Date of Last Revision: January 30, 2015
Statement of Rights and Responsibilities
This Statement of Rights and Responsibilities ("Statement," "Terms," or "SRR") derives from the Facebook Principles, and is our terms of service that governs our relationship with users and others who interact with Facebook, as well as Facebook brands, products and services, which we call the “Facebook Services” or “Services”. By using or accessing the Facebook Services, you agree to this Statement, as updated from time to time in accordance with Section 13 below. Additionally, you will find resources at the end of this document that help you understand how Facebook works.
Because Facebook provides a wide range of Services, we may ask you to review and accept supplemental terms that apply to your interaction with a specific app, product, or service. To the extent those supplemental terms conflict with this SRR, the supplemental terms associated with the app, product, or service govern with respect to your use of such app, product or service to the extent of the conflict.
1. Privacy
2. 
3. Your privacy is very important to us. We designed our Data Policy to make important disclosures about how you can use Facebook to share with others and how we collect and can use your content and information. We encourage you to read the Data Policy, and to use it to help you make informed decisions. 
4.  
5. Sharing Your Content and Information
6. 
7. You own all of the content and information you post on Facebook, and you can control how it is shared through your privacy and application settings. In addition:
1. For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (IP content), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your privacy and application settings: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Facebook (IP License). This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it.
2. When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, you understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).
3. When you use an application, the application may ask for your permission to access your content and information as well as content and information that others have shared with you.  We require applications to respect your privacy, and your agreement with that application will control how the application can use, store, and transfer that content and information.  (To learn more about Platform, including how you can control what information other people may share with applications, read our Data Policy and Platform Page.)
4. When you publish content or information using the Public setting, it means that you are allowing everyone, including people off of Facebook, to access and use that information, and to associate it with you (i.e., your name and profile picture).
5. We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Facebook, but you understand that we may use your feedback or suggestions without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them).
6.  
8. Safety
9. 
10. We do our best to keep Facebook safe, but we cannot guarantee it. We need your help to keep Facebook safe, which includes the following commitments by you:
1. You will not post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam) on Facebook.
2. You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access Facebook, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission.
3. You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on Facebook.
4. You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.
5. You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.
6. You will not bully, intimidate, or harass any user.
7. You will not post content that: is hate speech, threatening, or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
8. You will not develop or operate a third-party application containing alcohol-related, dating or other mature content (including advertisements) without appropriate age-based restrictions.
9. You will not use Facebook to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory.
10. You will not do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of Facebook, such as a denial of service attack or interference with page rendering or other Facebook functionality.
11. You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement or our policies.
12.  
11. Registration and Account Security
12. 
13. Facebook users provide their real names and information, and we need your help to keep it that way. Here are some commitments you make to us relating to registering and maintaining the security of your account:
1. You will not provide any false personal information on Facebook, or create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission.
2. You will not create more than one personal account.
3. If we disable your account, you will not create another one without our permission.
4. You will not use your personal timeline primarily for your own commercial gain, and will use a Facebook Page for such purposes.
5. You will not use Facebook if you are under 13.
6. You will not use Facebook if you are a convicted sex offender.
7. You will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date.
8. You will not share your password (or in the case of developers, your secret key), let anyone else access your account, or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account.
9. You will not transfer your account (including any Page or application you administer) to anyone without first getting our written permission.
10.  If you select a username or similar identifier for your account or Page, we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it if we believe it is appropriate (such as when a trademark owner complains about a username that does not closely relate to a user's actual name).
11.  
14. Protecting Other People's Rights
15. 
16. We respect other people's rights, and expect you to do the same.
1. You will not post content or take any action on Facebook that infringes or violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law.
2. We can remove any content or information you post on Facebook if we believe that it violates this Statement or our policies.
3. We provide you with tools to help you protect your intellectual property rights. To learn more, visit our How to Report Claims of Intellectual Property Infringement page.
4. If we remove your content for infringing someone else's copyright, and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal.
5. If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.
6. You will not use our copyrights or Trademarks or any confusingly similar marks, except as expressly permitted by our Brand Usage Guidelines or with our prior written permission.
7. If you collect information from users, you will: obtain their consent, make it clear you (and not Facebook) are the one collecting their information, and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it.
8. You will not post anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information on Facebook.
9. You will not tag users or send email invitations to non-users without their consent. Facebook offers social reporting tools to enable users to provide feedback about tagging.
10.  
17. Mobile and Other Devices
18. 
1. We currently provide our mobile services for free, but please be aware that your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as text messaging and data charges, will still apply.
2. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you will update your account information on Facebook within 48 hours to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person who acquires your old number.
3. You provide consent and all rights necessary to enable users to sync (including through an application) their devices with any information that is visible to them on Facebook.
4.  
19. Payments
20. 
21. If you make a payment on Facebook, you agree to our Payments Terms unless it is stated that other terms apply.
22.  
23. Special Provisions Applicable to Developers/Operators of Applications and Websites 
24. 
25. If you are a developer or operator of a Platform application or website or if you use Social Plugins, you must comply with the Facebook Platform Policy.
26. About Advertisements and Other Commercial Content Served or Enhanced by Facebook

Our goal is to deliver advertising and other commercial or sponsored content that is valuable to our users and advertisers. In order to help us do that, you agree to the following:
1. You give us permission to use your name, profile picture, content, and information in connection with commercial, sponsored, or related content (such as a brand you like) served or enhanced by us. This means, for example, that you permit a business or other entity to pay us to display your name and/or profile picture with your content or information, without any compensation to you. If you have selected a specific audience for your content or information, we will respect your choice when we use it.
2. We do not give your content or information to advertisers without your consent.
3. You understand that we may not always identify paid services and communications as such.
4.  
27. 
28. Special Provisions Applicable to Advertisers 
29. 
30. If you use our self-service advertising creation interfaces for creation, submission and/or delivery of any advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content (collectively, the “Self-Serve Ad Interfaces”), you agree to our Self-Serve Ad Terms. In addition, your advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content placed on Facebook or our publisher network will comply with our Advertising Policies.
31. Special Provisions Applicable to Pages
32. 
33. If you create or administer a Page on Facebook, or run a promotion or an offer from your Page, you agree to our Pages Terms.
34.  
35. Special Provisions Applicable to Software
36. 
1. If you download or use our software, such as a stand-alone software product, an app, or a browser plugin, you agree that from time to time, the software may download and install upgrades, updates and additional features from us in order to improve, enhance, and further develop the software.
2. You will not modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us, unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license, or we give you express written permission.
3. 
37. Amendments
38. 
1. We’ll notify you before we make changes to these terms and give you the opportunity to review and comment on the revised terms before continuing to use our Services.
2. If we make changes to policies, guidelines or other terms referenced in or incorporated by this Statement, we may provide notice on the Site Governance Page.
3. Your continued use of the Facebook Services, following notice of the changes to our terms, policies or guidelines, constitutes your acceptance of our amended terms, policies or guidelines.
4.  
39. Termination
40. 
41.  If you violate the letter or spirit of this Statement, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can stop providing all or part of Facebook to you. We will notify you by email or at the next time you attempt to access your account. You may also delete your account or disable your application at any time. In all such cases, this Statement shall terminate, but the following provisions will still apply: 2.2, 2.4, 3-5, 9.3, and 14-18. 
42.  
43. Disputes
44. 
1. You will resolve any claim, cause of action or dispute (claim) you have with us arising out of or relating to this Statement or Facebook exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims. The laws of the State of California will govern this Statement, as well as any claim that might arise between you and us, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
2. If anyone brings a claim against us related to your actions, content or information on Facebook, you will indemnify and hold us harmless from and against all damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs) related to such claim. Although we provide rules for user conduct, we do not control or direct users' actions on Facebook and are not responsible for the content or information users transmit or share on Facebook. We are not responsible for any offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful or otherwise objectionable content or information you may encounter on Facebook. We are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of Facebook.
3. WE TRY TO KEEP FACEBOOK UP, BUG-FREE, AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE ARE PROVIDING FACEBOOK AS IS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT FACEBOOK WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT FACEBOOK WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS. FACEBOOK IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR DATA OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US, OUR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.  WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS STATEMENT OR FACEBOOK, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS STATEMENT OR FACEBOOK WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, FACEBOOK'S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
4.  
45. Special Provisions Applicable to Users Outside the United States
46. 
47. We strive to create a global community with consistent standards for everyone, but we also strive to respect local laws. The following provisions apply to users and non-users who interact with Facebook outside the United States:
1. You consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.
2. If you are located in a country embargoed by the United States, or are on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals you will not engage in commercial activities on Facebook (such as advertising or payments) or operate a Platform application or website. You will not use Facebook if you are prohibited from receiving products, services, or software originating from the United States.
3. Certain specific terms that apply only for German users are available here.
48. Definitions
49. 
1. By "Facebook" or” Facebook Services” we mean the features and services we make available, including through (a) our website at www.facebook.com and any other Facebook branded or co-branded websites (including sub-domains, international versions, widgets, and mobile versions); (b) our Platform; (c) social plugins such as the Like button, the Share button and other similar offerings; and (d) other media, brands, products, services, software (such as a toolbar), devices, or networks now existing or later developed. Facebook reserves the right to designate, in its sole discretion, that certain of our brands, products, or services are governed by separate terms and not this SRR.
2. By "Platform" we mean a set of APIs and services (such as content) that enable others, including application developers and website operators, to retrieve data from Facebook or provide data to us.
3. By "information" we mean facts and other information about you, including actions taken by users and non-users who interact with Facebook.
4. By "content" we mean anything you or other users post, provide or share using Facebook Services.
5. By "data" or "user data" or "user's data" we mean any data, including a user's content or information that you or third parties can retrieve from Facebook or provide to Facebook through Platform.
6. By "post" we mean post on Facebook or otherwise make available by using Facebook.
7. By "use" we mean use, run, copy, publicly perform or display, distribute, modify, translate, and create derivative works of.
8. By "application" we mean any application or website that uses or accesses Platform, as well as anything else that receives or has received data from us.  If you no longer access Platform but have not deleted all data from us, the term application will apply until you delete the data.
9. By “Trademarks” we mean the list of trademarks provided here. 
10.  
50. Other
51. 
1. If you are a resident of or have your principal place of business in the US or Canada, this Statement is an agreement between you and Facebook, Inc.  Otherwise, this Statement is an agreement between you and Facebook Ireland Limited.  References to “us,” “we,” and “our” mean either Facebook, Inc. or Facebook Ireland Limited, as appropriate.
2. This Statement makes up the entire agreement between the parties regarding Facebook, and supersedes any prior agreements.
3. If any portion of this Statement is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.
4. If we fail to enforce any of this Statement, it will not be considered a waiver.
5. Any amendment to or waiver of this Statement must be made in writing and signed by us.
6. You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this Statement to anyone else without our consent.
7. All of our rights and obligations under this Statement are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
8. Nothing in this Statement shall prevent us from complying with the law.
9. This Statement does not confer any third party beneficiary rights.
10. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
11. You will comply with all applicable laws when using or accessing Facebook.

By using or accessing Facebook Services, you agree that we can collect and use such content and information in accordance with the Data Policy as amended from time to time. You may also want to review the following documents, which provide additional information about your use of Facebook:
* Payment Terms: These additional terms apply to all payments made on or through Facebook, unless it is stated that other terms apply.
* Platform Page: This page helps you better understand what happens when you add a third-party application or use Facebook Connect, including how they may access and use your data.
* Facebook Platform Policies: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to applications, including Connect sites.
* Advertising Policies: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to advertisements placed on Facebook.
* Self-Serve Ad Terms: These terms apply when you use the Self-Serve Ad Interfaces to create, submit, or deliver any advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content. 
* Promotions Guidelines: These guidelines outline the policies that apply if you offer contests, sweepstakes, and other types of promotions on Facebook.
* Facebook Brand Resources: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to use of Facebook trademarks, logos and screenshots.
* How to Report Claims of Intellectual Property Infringement
* Pages Terms: These guidelines apply to your use of Facebook Pages.
* Community Standards: These guidelines outline our expectations regarding the content you post to Facebook and your activity on Facebook.
To access the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities in several different languages, change the language setting for your Facebook session by clicking on the language link in the left corner of most pages.  If the Statement is not available in the language you select, we will default to the English version.


Fitbit Terms of Service
September 18 2018 

https://www.fitbit.com/global/uk/legal/terms-of-service

Terms of Service

Fitbit designs products and tools that help you to achieve your health and fitness goals and empower and inspire you to lead a healthier, more active life. These Terms of Service (“Terms”) apply to your access and use of the Fitbit Service. The “Fitbit Service” includes our devices including associated firmware, applications, software, websites, APIs, products, and services.

If you live in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, these Terms are an agreement between you and Fitbit International Limited, an Irish company with its registered office at 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. If you reside elsewhere, these Terms are an agreement between you and Fitbit, Inc., 199 Fremont Street, 14th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105 USA. When the Terms mention “Fitbit”, “we”, “us” or “our”, they refer to the party to your agreement that provides you with the Fitbit Service.

You must accept these Terms to create a Fitbit account and to access or use the Fitbit Service. If you do not have an account, you accept these Terms by using any part of the Fitbit Service. If you do not accept these terms, do not create an account or use the Fitbit Service.

Your use of Fitbit Pay, our live coaching services, or any of our paid services are subject to additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms:

 

    Fitbit Pay Terms of Service
    Fitbit Live Coaching Terms of Service
    Fitbit Terms for Paid Services

 
1. READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY

For information about our data practices, please see our Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Use statement. By accessing or using the Fitbit Service, you agree that we can collect and use your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy
 
2. USE OF THE FITBIT SERVICE

Persons under the age of 13, or any higher minimum age in the jurisdiction where that person resides, are not permitted to access or use the Fitbit Service unless their parent has consented in accordance with applicable law. Additionally, you cannot access or use the Fitbit Service if you are barred from receiving services under applicable law or have previously been suspended or removed from the Fitbit Service.

You may only connect to the Fitbit Service using (i) a device that is manufactured, distributed or sold by Fitbit itself or through its authorised resellers or agents; (ii) our mobile applications and software, or approved third-party applications, software or devices; or (iii) our websites (“Authorised Connections”). You may not connect to the Fitbit Service with any device that is not manufactured, distributed, or sold by Fitbit itself or through its authorised resellers or agents (such as a knock off or counterfeit version of a Fitbit device); otherwise intends to resemble or purports to be a Fitbit device; or any unauthorised application or third-party connection. Any violation or attempted violation of this provision may result in the immediate termination of your ability to access the Fitbit Service. If you have questions about whether a product or application qualifies as an Authorised Connection, please contact brandprotection@fitbit.com.

3. CREATING AN ACCOUNT

Full use of the Fitbit Service requires that you create an account by providing us with information such as your full name and a valid email address, as well as a strong password. You are responsible for all activity that occurs in association with your account. Fitbit is not liable for any loss or damages caused by your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your account credentials. Please contact Customer Support if you discover or suspect any security breach related to the Fitbit Service or your account.
 
4. NECESSARY EQUIPMENT

Full use of the Fitbit Service is dependent upon your use of a computer with adequate software or a supported mobile device and Internet access. The maintenance and security of this equipment may influence the performance of the Fitbit Service and it is your responsibility to ensure the equipment’s functionality. You are responsible for all Internet access charges. Please check with your Internet provider for information on possible Internet data usage charges.

5. POSTING YOUR CONTENT ON THE FITBIT SERVICE

Fitbit may enable you to post, upload, store, share, send, or display photos, images, video, data, text, music, exercise regimens, food logs, recipes, comments, and other information and content (“Your Content”) to and via the Fitbit Service. You retain all rights to Your Content that you post to the Fitbit Service. By making Your Content available on or through the Fitbit Service you hereby grant to Fitbit a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide, royalty-free licence to use, copy, modify, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, translate, create derivative works from, and distribute Your Content, in whole or in part, including your name and likeness, in any media. The rights you grant us in this Section 5 are only for the limited purpose of offering and improving the Fitbit Service.

You are responsible for Your Content. You represent and warrant that you own Your Content or that you have all rights necessary to grant us a licence to use Your Content as described in these Terms.

You represent and warrant that Your Content, the use and provision of Your Content on the Fitbit Service, and your use of the Fitbit Service will not (a) infringe, misappropriate, or violate a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights, or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (b) violate, or encourage any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (c) be fraudulent, false, misleading, or deceptive; (d) be defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar, or offensive; (e) promote discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment, or harm against any individual or group; (f) be violent or threatening or promote violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (g) promote illegal or harmful activities or substances.

You further agree not to (1) upload any content that contains software viruses or is designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any equipment or services, or that contains other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files or content; (2) use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization, or impersonate any person or entity; (3) harvest, solicit, or collect information of other users for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, for sending unsolicited communications; (4) post, advertise, or promote products or services commercially, or upload any content that is advertising, promotional material, junk mail, spam, or a contest or sweepstake, or that furthers or promotes criminal activity; or (5) use the Fitbit Service in any manner that, in our sole discretion, is objectionable or restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Fitbit Service, or which may expose us or our users to any harm or liability of any type.

Fitbit may, in its sole discretion, alter, remove, or refuse to display any of Your Content, and may forbid you from posting, uploading, storing, sharing, sending, or displaying Your Content to and via the Fitbit Service.

6. FITBIT’S RIGHTS

“Fitbit Content” includes any photos, images, graphics, video, audio, data, text, music, exercise regimens, food logs, recipes, comments, software, works of authorship of any kind, and other information, content, or other materials that are posted, generated, provided, or otherwise made available through the Fitbit Service. Fitbit Content, the Fitbit Service, and its underlying technology are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, intellectual property, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. We reserve all rights not expressly set out in these Terms. You agree not to remove, change or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark, or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Fitbit Service. Our logos and any other Fitbit trademarks that may appear on the Fitbit Service, and the overall look and feel of the Fitbit Service, including page headers, graphics, icons, and scripts, may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. Other trademarks, product, and service names and company names or logos mentioned on the Fitbit Service are the property of their respective owners and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the permission of the applicable trademark holder.

7. WHAT YOU CAN DO ON THE FITBIT SERVICE

The Fitbit Service is intended for your personal, non-commercial use.

Fitbit grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable licence to (1) access and use the Fitbit Service, (2) access and view the Fitbit Content, (3) access and use the software and mobile applications provided by the Fitbit Service, and (4) use the software that is embedded into Fitbit devices as authorised in these Terms. With respect to items (3) and (4), this licence includes any third-party software embedded in any Fitbit Service. This licence is provided solely for your personal, non-commercial use and enjoyment of the Fitbit Service as permitted in these Terms.

You will not use, sublicense, copy, adapt, modify, translate, disclose, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, rent, lease, assign, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast, or otherwise exploit the Fitbit Content, Fitbit Service or any portion thereof (including any third-party software), except as expressly permitted in these Terms. No licences or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Fitbit or its licensors, except for the licences and rights expressly granted in these Terms.

Except to the extent permitted by law, you may not perform, attempt to perform, or encourage or assist others in performing any of the following while accessing or using the Fitbit Service: (1) use, display, mirror, or frame the Fitbit Service or any individual element within the Fitbit Service, including the layout and design of any page, without Fitbit’s express written consent; (2) use Fitbit’s name, any Fitbit trademark or logo, or any Fitbit proprietary information without Fitbit’s express written consent; (3) access or tamper with non-public areas of the Fitbit Service, Fitbit’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Fitbit’s providers; (4) test the vulnerability of any Fitbit system or breach any security or authentication measures; (5) circumvent any technological measure implemented by Fitbit or any of Fitbit’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Fitbit Service; (6) access the Fitbit Service or Fitbit Content through the use of any mechanism other than through the use of an Authorized Connection, Fitbit Service, or Fitbit API; or (7) modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, tamper with, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of any software that Fitbit provides to you or any other part of the Fitbit Service.
 
8. HYPERLINKS

 You are granted a limited, nonexclusive, and non-transferable right to create a text hyperlink to the Fitbit Service for non-commercial purposes, provided that such link does not portray us or any of our products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise defamatory manner, and provided further that the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing, or otherwise objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time in Fitbit’s sole discretion.

9. OUR ENFORCEMENT RIGHTS

We reserve the right (but are not required) to remove or disable access to the Fitbit Service, any Fitbit Content, or Your Content at any time and without notice, and at our sole discretion, if we determine that the Fitbit Content, Your Content, or your use of the Fitbit Service is objectionable or in violation of these Terms. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms and any conduct that affects the Fitbit Service, and in response may take any action we may deem appropriate.
 
10. USE THE FITBIT SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK

If you rely on any Fitbit Content or the Fitbit Service, you do so solely at your own risk.

Our goal is to provide helpful and accurate information on the Fitbit Service, but we make no endorsement, representation, or warranty of any kind about any Fitbit Content, information, or services. The accuracy of the data collected and presented through the Fitbit Service is not intended to match that of medical devices or scientific measurement devices.

We are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, availability, effectiveness or correct use of information you receive through the Fitbit Service. Fitbit Content and the Fitbit Service may change from time to time or vary by geographic location. Maps, directions and other GPS or navigation data, including data relating to your current location, may be unavailable, inaccurate or incomplete.

Use of the Fitbit Service should not replace your good judgment and common sense. Please read and comply with all safety notices that accompany your use of the Fitbit Service, including those located on our Wear and Care page.

11. CONSULT YOUR DOCTOR BEFORE USING THE FITBIT SERVICE

The Fitbit Service is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. If you have a medical or heart condition, consult your doctor before using the Fitbit Service, engaging in an exercise program, or changing your diet. If you experience a medical emergency, stop using the Fitbit Service and consult with a medical professional. We are not responsible for any health problems that may result from training programs, consultations, products, or events you learn about through the Fitbit Service. If you engage in any exercise program you receive or learn about through the Fitbit Service, you agree that you do so at your own risk and are voluntarily participating in these activities.

Prolonged contact with wearable devices may contribute to skin irritation or allergies in some users. To reduce irritation, follow four simple wear and care tips: (1) keep it clean, (2) keep it dry, (3) don’t wear it too tight, and (4) give your wrist a rest by removing the band for an hour after extended wear. For more information visit www.fitbit.com/product-care. If you notice any skin irritation, soreness, tingling, numbness, burning or stiffness in your hands or wrists while or after wearing the product, remove your device and please discontinue use. If any symptoms persist longer than 2-3 days after removing the device, consult your doctor.

Fitbit products using PurePulse technology have a heart rate tracking feature that may pose risks to users with certain health conditions. Consult your doctor prior to use of such products if you (1) have a medical or heart condition, (2) are taking any photosensitive medicine, (3) have epilepsy or are sensitive to flashing lights, (4) have reduced circulation or bruise easily, or (5) have tendonitis, carpal tunnel syndrome, or other musculoskeletal disorders.
 
12. DMCA/COPYRIGHT POLICY

Fitbit respects the intellectual property of others and expects its users to do the same. It is Fitbit’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe the rights of copyright holders. Please see Fitbit’s DMCA/Copyright Policy.

13. TERMS OF SALE, RETURNS AND WARRANTY AND PAID SERVICES

Terms of Sale and Returns and Warranty

Fitbit’s Terms of Sale and Returns and Warranty Policy apply to purchases of physical goods from Fitbit. The Terms of Sale are incorporated into and made a part of these Terms. All orders placed are subject to Fitbit’s acceptance. We may accept, decline or place limits on your order for any reason.

Paid Services
 
Your purchase and use of any of our paid services are subject to the Fitbit Terms for Paid Services, which are incorporated into these Terms.

14. FEEDBACK AND SUBMISSIONS POLICY

If you submit comments, ideas or feedback to us, you agree that we can use, disclose, reproduce, distribute and exploit them without any restriction or compensation to you. We do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas or feedback previously known to us, developed by Fitbit, or obtained from sources other than you. Our Feedback and Submissions Policy is also part of the Terms.

15. CONTESTS AND GIVEAWAYS

Additional terms and conditions may apply to surveys, contests, giveaways, and other promotions sponsored by Fitbit or its partners. It is your responsibility to carefully review those terms and conditions.

16. ALERTS AND NOTIFICATIONS

As part of your use of the Fitbit Service, you may receive notifications, text messages, alerts, emails and other electronic communications. You agree to the receipt of these communications. You can control most communications from the Fitbit Service by using your account settings. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. You are responsible for any messaging or data fees you may be charged by your wireless carrier. Any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that the communication be in writing.
 
17. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

The Fitbit Service may display or permit linking or other access to or use of third-party content, promotions, websites, apps, services and resources (collectively “Third-Party Services”) that are not under Fitbit’s control. This may include the opportunity for you to link your Fitbit account, Fitbit data, or the Fitbit Service with Third-Party Services. We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the products, services, or other content that are available from Third-Party Services. You acknowledge that any Third-Party Services that you use in connection with the Fitbit Service, such as third party applications accessed on Fitbit devices, are not part of the Fitbit Service and are not controlled by Fitbit, and you take sole responsibility and assume all risk arising from your interaction with or use of any Third-Party Services. You also acknowledge that these Terms and the Fitbit Privacy Policy do not apply to any Third-Party Services. You are responsible for reading and understanding the terms and conditions and privacy policy that applies to your use of any Third-Party Services.

18. CHANGES TO THE FITBIT SERVICE

Fitbit may change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any feature, component or content of the Fitbit Service at any time without notice. Fitbit is not liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any feature, component or content of the Fitbit Service. We reserve the right to determine the timing and content of software updates, which may be automatically downloaded and installed by Fitbit products without prior notice to you.
 
19. TERMINATION

We reserve the right to suspend or deactivate your account or your access to certain aspects or all of the Fitbit Service, or to terminate these Terms, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice or liability to you. Upon any such suspension, deactivation, or termination, we may delete or remove Your Content and other information related to your account. You may close your account at any time by contacting Customer Support. Upon any termination of these Terms or suspension, termination, or discontinuation of the Fitbit Service or your account, the following provisions of these Terms will survive: Sections 1, 5, 6, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25.
 
20. DISCLAIMERS

THE FITBIT SERVICE AND FITBIT CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR THE FITBIT SERVICE, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the Fitbit Service or Fitbit Content will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, or reliability of the Fitbit Service or any Fitbit Content.

21. INDEMNITY

You will indemnify and hold harmless Fitbit or its officials, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors, and contractors from and against any claims, suits, actions, demands, disputes, allegations, or investigations brought by any third party, governmental authority, or industry body, and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs, and expenses, including without limitation reasonable lawyers’ fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of the Fitbit Service, (ii) Your Content, (iii) your breach or alleged breach of any warranties made by you hereunder or your violation of any other provision of these Terms, or (iv) your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party. We reserve the right to assume control of the defence of any third-party claim that is subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defences.
 
22. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

NEITHER FITBIT, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS, NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE FITBIT SERVICE WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE, OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE FITBIT SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT FITBIT HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

IN NO EVENT WILL FITBIT’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE FITBIT SERVICE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO FITBIT FOR USE OF THE FITBIT SERVICE OR ONE HUNDRED U.S DOLLARS (US$100), IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO FITBIT, AS APPLICABLE.

THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN FITBIT AND YOU.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
 
23. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS WITH US AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM US.

You agree that any dispute between you and Fitbit arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service, the Fitbit Service or any other Fitbit products or services (collectively, ‘Disputes’) will be governed by the arbitration procedure outlined below.

Governing Law: Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Terms of Service and the resolution of any Disputes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

Informal Dispute Resolution: We want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against Fitbit, you agree to try to resolve the Dispute informally by contacting support@fitbit.com. We'll try to resolve the Dispute informally by contacting you through email. If a dispute is not resolved within 15 days after submission, you or Fitbit may bring a formal proceeding.

We Both Agree To Arbitrate: You and Fitbit agree to resolve any Disputes through final and binding arbitration, except as set forth under Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate below.

Opt-out of Agreement to Arbitrate: You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by contacting optout@fitbit.com within 30 days of first accepting these Terms of Service and stating that you (include your first and last name) decline this arbitration agreement.

Arbitration Procedures: The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes.The arbitration will be held in the United States county where you live or work, San Francisco, California, or any other location we agree to.

Arbitration Fees: The AAA rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. Fitbit will pay all arbitration fees for claims of less than US$75,000. Fitbit will not seek its legal fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.

Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate: Either you or Fitbit may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco (CA) or any United States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorised use or abuse of the Fitbit products or Fitbit Service, or infringement of intellectual property rights (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above.

No Class Actions: You may only resolve Disputes with Fitbit on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class (collective), consolidated or representative action. Class arbitrations, class (collective) action lawsuits, private general lawsuits through a solicitor, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed under our agreement.

Judicial Forum for Disputes: Except as otherwise required by applicable law, in the event that the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you and Fitbit agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California, USA. Both you and Fitbit consent to the venue and personal jurisdiction there. We both agree to waive our right to a jury trial.

Limitation on Claims: Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to your use of the Fitbit products or Fitbit Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose, or else that claim or cause of action will be barred forever.

24. GENERAL TERMS

Except as otherwise stated herein, these Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Fitbit and you regarding the Fitbit Service, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Fitbit and you regarding the Fitbit Service and Fitbit Content.

We will notify you before we make material changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review the revised Terms before continuing to use the Fitbit Service. When you use the Fitbit Service after a modification becomes effective, you are telling us that you accept the modified Terms. You can review previous versions of these Terms in our archive.

If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.

You may not assign, delegate, or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Fitbit’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null and void. Fitbit may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors, and permitted assigns.

Any notices or other communications provided by Fitbit under these Terms, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be given: (i) via email or (ii) by posting to the Fitbit Service. For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt on the message will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.

Fitbit’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorised representative of Fitbit. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.

25. ADDITIONAL TERMS MAY APPLY

Additional terms may apply to certain products or services. In the event that there is a conflict between these Terms and any additional terms, the additional terms will control.

CONTACT US
 
PLEASE CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THESE TERMS.

You may contact us at support@fitbit.com or at our postal address below.

If you live in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland:

Fitbit International Limited

Attn: Legal Department (Terms of Service)

76 Lower Baggot Street

Dublin 2, Ireland

 

If you reside elsewhere:

 

Fitbit, Inc.

Attn: Legal Department (Terms of Service)

199 Fremont Street, 14th Floor

San Francisco, CA 94105

USA
Last Updated: March 12, 2015

FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY FOURSQUARE LABS, INC. ("FOURSQUARE"), A DELAWARE CORPORATION. THESE TERMS OF USE SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AT HTTPS://FOURSQUARE.COM (THE "SITE") AND THE SERVICES, FEATURES, CONTENT, APPLICATIONS OR WIDGETS OFFERED BY FOURSQUARE (COLLECTIVELY WITH THE SITE, THE "SERVICE").

Acceptance of Terms.
By registering for and/or using the Service in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing the Site, you agree to all of the terms and conditions contained herein ("Terms of Use"), which also incorporate Foursquare's Privacy Policy, Foursquare's Intellectual Property Policy, Foursquare's Photo Guidelines, Foursquare's Venue Terms and Conditions, Foursquare's API License Agreement and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site by Foursquare, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated by Foursquare from time to time without notice to you in accordance with the terms set out under the "Modification of Terms of Use" section below. In addition, some services offered through the Service may be subject to additional terms and conditions specified by Foursquare from time to time; your use of such services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference. These Terms of Use apply to all users of the Service, including, without limitation, users who are contributors of content, information, and other materials or services on the Site, individual users of the Service, venues that access the Service, and users that have a page on the Service.

Access.
Subject to these Terms of Use, Foursquare may offer to provide the Services, as described more fully on the Site, and which are selected by you, solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. Services shall include, but not be limited to, any services Foursquare performs for you, any applications or widgets offered by Foursquare that you download from the Site or, subject to the terms set out under the "Third party Sites and Services" section below, from third party application stores (e.g., iTunes® store, Blackberry App World™, or Google Apps Marketplace) authorized by Foursquare, as well as the offering of any materials displayed or performed on or through the Services (including Content (as defined below)).

Registration and Eligibility.
You may browse the Site and view Content without registering, but as a condition to using certain aspects of the Service, you are required to register with Foursquare and represent, warrant and covenant that you provide Foursquare with accurate and complete registration information (including, but not limited to a user name ("User Name"), e-mail address and/or mobile telephone number and a password you will use to access the Service) and to keep your registration information accurate and up-to-date. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of these Terms of Use, which may result in immediate termination of your Foursquare account. We recommend, but do not require, that you use your own name as your User Name so your friends can recognize you more easily.

You shall not:

create any account for anyone other than yourself without such person's permission;
use a User Name that is the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person;
use a User Name or Foursquare account that is subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or
use a User Name that is a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene or otherwise unlawful.
Foursquare reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a User Name in its sole discretion. You are solely responsible and liable for activity that occurs on your account and shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Foursquare password. You shall never use another user's account without such other user's prior express permission. You will immediately notify Foursquare in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware.

You represent and warrant that if you are an individual, you are of legal age to form a binding contract, or that if you are registering on behalf of an entity, that you are authorized to enter into, and bind the entity to, these Terms of Use and register for the Service. The Service is not available to individuals who are younger than 13 years old. Foursquare may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Terms of Use are in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the Service is revoked where these Terms of Use or use of the Service is prohibited and, in such circumstances, you agree not to use or access the Site or Services in any way.

If you use a mobile device, please be aware that your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as text messaging and data charges, will still apply. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree that you will update your account information on the Services within 48 hours to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person who acquires your old number.

Content.
All Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. Foursquare cannot guarantee the authenticity of any Content or data which users may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible and liable for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. For purposes of these Terms of Use, the term "Content" includes, without limitation, any location information, "shouts", videos, audio clips, comments, information, data, text, photographs, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible by Foursquare on or through the Service. Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, posted or otherwise obtained through the Service by users, including Content that is added to the Service in connection with users linking their accounts to third party websites and services, is collectively referred to as, "User Submissions."

Foursquare Content.
The Service contains Content specifically provided by Foursquare or its partners and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws, as applicable. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service.

Subject to these Terms of Use, Foursquare grants each user of the Site and/or Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use, modify and reproduce the Content, solely for personal, non-commercial use. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for other than personal, non-commercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Foursquare, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice, as applicable. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial (whether or not for profit) use or in any way that violates any third party right.

User Submissions.
We may use your User Submissions in a number of different ways in connection with the Site, Service and Foursquare’s business as Foursquare may determine in its sole discretion, including but not limited to, publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into marketing materials, advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing other users to do the same in connection with their own websites, media platforms, and applications (“Third Party Media”). By submitting User Submissions on the Site or otherwise through the Service, you hereby do and shall grant Foursquare a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, copy, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Submissions in connection with the Site, the Service and Foursquare's (and its successors and assigns') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site (and derivative works thereof) or the Service in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds). You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Site and/or the Service, including Third Party Media, a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Site and the Service, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions in connection with their use of the Site, Service and Third Party Media. For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Foursquare does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Submission(s), including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submission(s), unless otherwise agreed in writing with Foursquare.

You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such license to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.

You understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Site is the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated; that Foursquare will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any Content; and that Foursquare cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Service.

When you delete your User Submissions, they will be removed from the Service. However, you understand that any removed User Submissions may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but following removal will not be shared with others) or may remain with users who have previously accessed or downloaded your User Submissions.

Rules and Conduct.
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Service for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms of Use. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Service. Additionally, you shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations and, if you represent a business, any advertising, marketing, privacy, or other self-regulatory code(s) applicable to your industry.

By way of example, and not as a limitation, you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a)take any action or (b)upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including without limitation any User Submission, that:

infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty;
you know is false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate;
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, promotes bigotry, discrimination or violence, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by Foursquare in its sole discretion;
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail ("spamming");
other than appropriate use of an Add-to Link, involves commercial activities (whether or not for profit) and/or sales without Foursquare's prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, worms, logic bombs or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, disable, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of Foursquare or any third party;
impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of Foursquare;
includes anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information; or
breaches the Privacy Policy, the House Rules and/or any of the other policies and rules incorporated herein.
If the User Submission includes a photograph, Foursquare's Photo Guidelines shall apply. Foursquare has a zero-tolerance policy against child pornography, and will terminate and report to the appropriate authorities any user who publishes or distributes child pornography.

You shall not (directly or indirectly):

take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by Foursquare in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Foursquare's (or its third party providers') infrastructure;
interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service or any activities conducted on the Service;
bypass any measures Foursquare may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service);
run any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Service;
use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to "crawl" or "spider" any page of the Site;
harvest or scrape any Content from the Service;
modify, adapt, appropriate, reproduce, distribute, translate, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display, republish, repurpose, sell, trade, or in any way exploit the Service or Site Content (other than your User Submissions), except as expressly authorized by Foursquare;
decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Service (including without limitation any application or widget), except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction;
copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder;
otherwise take any action in violation of Foursquare's guidelines and policies.
Foursquare does not guarantee that any Content or User Submissions (as defined above) will be made available on the Site or through the Service. Foursquare has no obligation to monitor the Site, Service, Content, or User Submissions. However, Foursquare reserves the right to (i) remove, suspend, edit or modify any Content in its sole discretion, including without limitation any User Submissions at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if Foursquare is concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Use), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove, suspend or block any User Submissions from the Service. Foursquare also reserves the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as Foursquare reasonably believes is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Foursquare, its users and the public.

Card Services
Certain features of the Service and/or certain services and products made available to you through the Service may allow you to purchase services or to redeem an offer or special using your credit card (together with “Card Services”). Foursquare uses a third-party payment processor (the “Payment Processor”) to link your credit card account to the Services (your “Card Account”) for use of the Card Services. The processing of payments or credits, as applicable, in connection with the Card Services will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processor and your credit card issuer in addition to this Agreement. Foursquare is not responsible for any error that occurs during any offer or special redemption process, including any error by the Payment Processor. In connection with your use of the Card Services, Foursquare will obtain certain transaction details, which Foursquare will use solely in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Feedback and Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy
For information on Foursquare’s Feedback and Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy, please go here.

Special Terms for 'Add-to-Foursquare' Link
If you include Foursquare's 'Add-to-Foursquare' Link ("Add-to Link") on your website, the following additional terms apply to you:

Subject to your continuous compliance with these Terms of Use, Foursquare hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use and display the Add-to Link on a website for which you have proper authorization ("your website") so that users can post links or content from your website on the Service. You grant us permission to use and allow others to use such links and content on the Service.
Your license is subject to the following restrictions on use: (a) you may not use the Add-to Link to facilitate your sale of access to the Service or any information therein without Foursquare's prior written approval; (b) you may not obscure or disable any element of the Add-to Link; (c) your website title and other trademarks and logos must appear at least as prominent as Foursquare's trademarks and logos in the Add-to Link; (d) you may not display the Add-to Link in any manner that implies partnership with, affiliation with, sponsorship, or endorsement by Foursquare; (e) you may not display the Add-to Link on any site that disparages Foursquare or its products or services, infringes any Foursquare's intellectual property or other rights, or violates any applicable law; (f) you may not place the Add-to Link on sites that include content that would violate these Terms of Use if posted on the Service; (g) you may not display the Add-to Link in a manner that does not permit successful linking to, redirection to the Service; and (h) you may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the Add-to Link and the Service.
Special Terms for Pages.
If you have a "Page" on the Service, you also agree to the following:

Pages are special profiles that may only be used to promote a business or other commercial, political, or charitable organization or endeavor (including non-profit organizations, political campaigns, bands, and celebrities).
You may only administer a Page if you are an authorized representative of the subject of the Page.
All Content posted on the Pages will be made available to all users of the Services.
You may not display any Content on your Page that is an ad or could be construed as an ad.
You may not establish terms beyond those set forth in these Terms of Use to govern the use of the Page you administer.
Your Page will not be used primarily or substantially to promote or advertise alcohol or tobacco products, firearms, or other products or services that may not be lawfully purchased or used by minors.
You will not direct your Page, or any Content on your Page, to children under the age of 13.
If you collect information about users, you will only use such information for your internal business purposes in connection with your use of the Service and in accordance with Foursquare's Privacy Policy.
You will not use deceptive practices to get users to "like" your Page.
You are responsible for ensuring that your Page, including any Content you post on your Page, shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and these Terms of Use, and any advertising, marketing, privacy, or other self-regulatory code(s) applicable to your industry.
Special Terms for Verified Venues.
If you are the verified representative of a venue, you also agree to Foursquare's Venue Terms and Conditions.

Special Terms for Developers.
If you are a developer or operator of any application or service that uses Foursquare's application programming interface(s) you also agree to Foursquare's Platform Policy and API License Agreement.

Third Party Sites and Services.
The Service may permit you to link to other websites, services or resources on the Internet, and other websites, services or resources may contain links to the Site. When you access third party websites, you do so at your own risk. These other websites are not under Foursquare's control, and you acknowledge that Foursquare is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources. The inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by Foursquare or any association with its operators. You further acknowledge and agree that Foursquare shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.

Termination.
Foursquare may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service and/or Add-to Link at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership. If you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Site. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. All provisions of these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Warranty Disclaimer.
Save to the extent required by law, Foursquare has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Foursquare has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Service; what Content you access via the Service; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content.

You release Foursquare from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Service. The Service may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Foursquare makes no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Service, and Foursquare will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Service.

You release us from all liability relating to your connections and relationships with other users. You understand that we do not, in any way, screen users, nor do we inquire into the backgrounds of users or attempt to verify their backgrounds or statements. We make no representations or warranties as to the conduct of users or the veracity of any information users provide. In no event shall we be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, general, special, compensatory, consequential, and/or incidental, arising out of or relating to the conduct of you or anyone else in connection with the Services, including, without limitation, bodily injury, emotional distress, and any damages resulting in any way from communications or meetings with users or persons you may otherwise meet through the Services. As such, you agree to take reasonable precautions and exercise the utmost personal care in all interactions with any individual you come into contact with through the Services, particularly if you decide to meet such individuals in person. For example, you should not, under any circumstances, provide your financial information (e.g., credit card or bank account numbers) to other individuals.

THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT AND ADD-TO LINK ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, SAVE TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW.

FOURSQUARE, AND ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (C) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR (D) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, SERVICE, CONTENT AND ADD-TO LINK IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. SOME STATES / COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Indemnification.
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Foursquare, its affiliates and each of its and its affiliates' employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all losses, costs, actions, claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable legal costs) or liabilities, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Site, Service, Content, Add-to Link or otherwise from your User Submissions, violation of these Terms of Use, or infringement by you, or any third party using the your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity (save to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such claim arose due to an act or omission of Foursquare). Foursquare reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with Foursquare in asserting any available defenses.

Limitation of Liability.
ALL LIABILITY OF FOURSQUARE, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS HOWSOEVER ARISING FOR ANY LOSS SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT, USER SUBMISSIONS OR ADD-TO LINK IS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SAVE THAT, IF A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION DETERMINES THAT LIABILITY OF FOURSQUARE, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS (AS APPLICABLE) HAS ARISEN, THE TOTAL OF SUCH LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED IN AGGREGATE TO ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS ($100).

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL FOURSQUARE, NOR ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY OR OTHERWISE (AND WHETHER OR NOT FOURSQUARE, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS HAD PRIOR KNOWLEDGE OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE) WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT, USER SUBMISSIONS OR ADD-TO LINK FOR:

INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES;
LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS;
LOSS OF REVENUE;
LOSS OF GOODWILL;
LOSS OF DATA;
LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS;
WASTED EXPENDITURE; OR
COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUE GOODS OR SERVICES.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE DEEMED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT YOUR LIABILITY IN RESPECT OF ANY INDEMNITY GIVEN BY YOU UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, FOURSQUARE’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

SOLELY IN RESPECT OF USERS LOCATED IN EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) AND/OR AUSTRALIA, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE DEEMED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR OR YOUR LIABILITY (AS APPLICABLE) IN RESPECT OF:

DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING AS A RESULT OF OUR OR YOUR NEGLIGENCE (AS APPLICABLE);
FRAUD (INCLUDING FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION), THEFT OR OTHER CRIMINAL ACTIVITY; OR
ANY BREACH OF ANY OBLIGATIONS IMPLIED BY SECTION 12 OF THE SALE OF GOODS ACT 1979 OR SECTION 2 OF THE SUPPLY OF GOODS AND SERVICES ACT 1982.
Governing Law.
A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. You and Foursquare agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose; otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.

Save for users located in the EEA and/or Australia, the following arbitration and governing law provisions shall apply:

These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts of law rules, and the United States of America. For all purposes of these Terms of Use, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the United States Federal Courts or state courts located in the Southern District of New York. Use of the Service is not authorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms of Use, including without limitation, this section. If you are accepting these Terms of Use on behalf of a United States federal government entity that is legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you but instead these Terms and any action related thereto will be will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of New York (excluding choice of law).
Solely in respect of users located in the EEA and/or Australia, the following governing law provisions shall apply:

These Terms of Use and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England. All disputes or claims arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts to which the Parties irrevocably submit.
Government Use.
The use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure or transfer of the software, application or widget is restricted in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations as applied to civilian agencies and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as applied to military agencies. Any such software, application or widget is a "commercial item," "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation." In accordance with such provisions, any use of any such software, application or widget shall be governed solely by these Terms of Use.

Integration and Severability.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and Foursquare with respect to the Service and use of the Site, Service, Content, User Submissions or Add-to Link, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and Foursquare with respect to the Site. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Use will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that we will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver of compliance with these Terms of Use to be binding, Foursquare must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of its authorized representatives.

Modification of Terms of Use.
Foursquare reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms of Use, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Site or by sending you notice through the Service or via email. Foursquare may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Cancellation of these Terms of Use
In respect of users located in the EEA who wish to receive Services, and/or provide User Submissions, and/or provide or access Content via the Site, such users may have a right to cancel these Terms of Use under the European Distance Selling Directive (97/7/EC) ("Directive") within 7 days of accepting these Terms of Use solely to the extent such right applies under the Directive to such users, save that if such right to cancel applies, it shall cease to exist from the time of actual use of the Services, and/or provision of the User Submissions, and/or provision or access of Content via the Site by such users.

Miscellaneous.
Foursquare shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Foursquare's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference). These Terms of Use are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Foursquare's prior written consent. Foursquare may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations hereunder without consent. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of these Terms of Use and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.

Unless otherwise specified in these Term of Use, all notices under these Terms of Use will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.

Solely in respect of users located in the EEA and/or Australia, in respect of these Terms of Use and your use of this Site, Service, Content, User Submissions or Add-to Link, nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to grant any rights or benefits to any person, other than us and you (and our and your respective successors in title or assignees), or entitle any third party to enforce any provision hereof, and we and you agree that we do not intend that any provision of these Terms of Use should be enforceable by a third party by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

Language.
Where Foursquare has provided you with a translation of the English language version of these Terms of Use, then you agree that the translation is provided for your convenience only and that the English language versions of the Terms will govern your relationship with Foursquare.

If there is any contradiction between what the English language version of these Terms of Use says and what a translation says, then the English language version shall take precedence.

Contact.
You may contact Foursquare at the following address: 50 W 23rd St, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10010.

Effective Date: January 29, 2013
Terms of Use
Last Updated: April 3, 2014

Welcome to the Internet sites of Garmin Ltd. and its subsidiaries ("Garmin"). "Garmin Sites" include garmin.com, garmin.blogs.com, my.garmin.com, connect.garmin.com and other Internet sites on which these Terms of Use are posted. Garmin is sometimes referred to herein as "we," "us" or "our".

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY GARMIN SITE. By using any Garmin Site you signify your agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use the Garmin Sites.

Note that special terms might apply to some services or features offered on certain Garmin Sites. These terms are posted in connection with the applicable service or feature. Any such terms are in addition to these Terms of Use, and in the event of a conflict, prevail over these Terms of Use.

Garmin may modify these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting. You are bound by any such modification and should therefore visit this page periodically to review these Terms of Use.

Use of Content
The content contained on Garmin Sites, such as text, graphics, images, audio, video and other material, as well as the domain names, tagline, organization and user look-and-feel (collectively, the "Content"), is protected by copyright, trademark and other such laws in the United States and foreign countries, and is owned or controlled by Garmin or by third parties that have licensed their Content to Garmin. Unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Where a Garmin Site is configured to enable the download of particular Content, you may download one copy of such Content to a single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that (a) you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content, (b) you may not sell or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose without the prior written permission of Garmin, and (c) you may not use the Content in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services or brands.

You may not, without the prior written permission of Garmin, "mirror" on any other server any material contained on any Garmin Site. The use of the Content on any other Web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited, without the express written permission of Garmin. The trademarks, logos and service marks (the "Marks") displayed on the Garmin Sites are owned by Garmin or third parties. You are prohibited from use of those Marks without the express, written permission of Garmin or such third party. If you would like information about obtaining Garmin's permission to use the Content on your Web site, e-mail webmaster@garmin.com.

In the event that we offer downloads of software on a Garmin Site and you download such software, the software, including without limitation any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") is licensed to you by us or third-party licensors for your personal, noncommercial home use only. We do not transfer title to the Software to you. You may not distribute or otherwise exploit the Software or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-readable form. UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY AND EXPRESSLY STATED ELSEWHERE, GARMIN HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WHETHER SUCH WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.

GARMIN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR (1) ANY INACCURACY, ERROR IN OR FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE; (2) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES) ARISING FROM ANY DOWNLOAD OR USE MADE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OCCASIONED BY ANY SUCH INACCURACY, ERROR OR FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE. IF ANY OF THE ABOVE PROVISIONS ARE VOID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, GARMIN'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

Public Forums and Communication
"Public Forum" means an area, site or feature offered as part of any Garmin Site that offers the opportunity for users to submit content ("User Submissions") for viewing by one or more Garmin Site users, including without limitation a message board, forum, social community environment, conversation page, or blog.

You acknowledge that Public Forums and features offered therein are for public and not private communications, and you have no expectation of privacy with regard to any User Submission to a Public Forum. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose through any of these media; you make such disclosures voluntarily and at your own risk. You should use good judgment when posting information, remarks or other content regarding other users, service providers, Garmin or any other third party. You may be held legally responsible for damages suffered by other users, Garmin or third parties as a result of legally actionable or defamatory comments, remarks or other information or content which you post to a Garmin Site. Garmin is not legally responsible for any User Submissions, even if a User Submission is defamatory or otherwise legally actionable.

You are and will remain solely responsible for the User Submissions you distribute on or through any Garmin Site in any Public Forum and for the consequences of submitting and posting same. We have no duty to monitor any Public Forum. You will be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from a User Submission. By submitting material to any Garmin Site, you automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such material has expressly granted, Garmin the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright or other rights that may exist in such material. You also permit any other user to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that user's personal use. You hereby grant Garmin the right to edit, copy, publish and distribute any material you make available on any Garmin Site.

You acknowledge that your use or reliance upon any User Submission posted in any Public Forum is at your own risk. For example, we are not responsible for, and we do not endorse, the opinions, advice, or recommendations posted or sent by users in any Public Forum and we specifically disclaim any and all liability in connection therewith. We do not confirm nor verify the qualifications, background, or abilities of users or the information they post in any Public Forum. Therefore, we recommend that you be careful and exercise common sense and good judgment when using any Garmin Site or Public Forum.

Rules of Conduct: you agree that you will not submit any User Submission on any Garmin Site that:

is defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, or an invasion of a right of privacy of another person;
is bigoted, hateful, or racially or otherwise offensive;
is violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit, or otherwise harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any person or entity;
is illegal or encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities with the intent to commit them, including a User Submission that is, or represents an attempt to engage in, child pornography, stalking, sexual assault, fraud, trafficking in obscene or stolen material, drug dealing and/or drug abuse, harassment, theft, or conspiracy to commit any criminal activity;
infringes or violates any right of a third party including: (a) copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary or contractual rights; (b) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person's personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; or (c) any confidentiality obligation;
is commercial, business-related or advertises or offers to sell any products, services or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicits others (including solicitations for contributions or donations);
contains a virus or other harmful component, or otherwise tampers with, impairs or damages the Garmin Sites or any connected network, or otherwise interferes with any person or entity's use or enjoyment of the Garmin Sites;
(a) does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the relevant Public Forum; (b) violates any specific restrictions applicable to a Public Forum, including its age restrictions and procedures; or (c) is antisocial, disruptive, or destructive, including "flaming," "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and "griefing" as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet; or
is false or misleading.
We cannot and do not assure that other users are or will be complying with the foregoing Rules of Conduct or any other provisions of these Terms of Use, and, as between you and us, you hereby assume all risk of harm or injury resulting from any such lack of compliance.

We reserve the right, but disclaim any obligation or responsibility, to refuse to post or communicate or remove any User Submission from any Garmin Site that violates these Terms of Use (including the Rules of Conduct).

Accounts
Some services on the Garmin Sites permit or require you to create an account to participate or to secure additional benefits. You agree to provide, maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration processes (the "Registration Data"). You agree not to impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person's username, password or other account information, or another person's name, likeness, voice, image or photograph. You also agree to notify us promptly at garminsecurity@garmin.com of any unauthorized use of your username, password, other account information, or any other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to any Garmin Site.

We may suspend or terminate your account and your ability to use any Garmin Site or portion thereof for failure to comply with these Terms of Use or any special terms related to a particular service.

Garmin's Liability
Garmin makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Content or about the results to be obtained from using the Garmin Sites and the Content. Any use of the Garmin Sites and the Content is at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to Garmin Sites and may be made at any time. Some Content on the Garmin Sites may be provided by third parties and Garmin will not be held responsible for any such Content provided by third parties.

GARMIN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE GARMIN SITES WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE GARMIN SITES OR THEIR SERVERS ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL GOODS. IF YOUR USE OF THE GARMIN SITES OR THE CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR DATA, GARMIN WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.

THE GARMIN SITES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN 'AS IS' BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. GARMIN, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY OR THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Disclaimer of Certain Damages
Your use of the Garmin Sites is at your own risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the Content or other contents of the Garmin Sites or with these Terms and Conditions, your sole remedy is to discontinue use of the Garmin Sites. IN NO EVENT WILL GARMIN OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THE GARMIN SITES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE GARMIN SITES AND THE CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT GARMIN IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHICH CASE SUCH EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION APPLIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWABLE UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW.

Links to Other Sites
The Garmin Sites may contain links to third party Web sites that are maintained by others. Any such links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Garmin of the contents on such third-party Web sites. Garmin is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations or warranties regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party Web sites or the privacy practices of such third parties. If you decide to access linked third-party Web sites, you do so at your own risk.

Third-party Applications
On Garmin Sites you might have an opportunity to download applications that were developed by third-parties. Garmin is not responsible for and makes no representations or warranties regarding the content or functionality of these third-party applications or the privacy practices of such third-party developers. If you decide to download and use any of these third-party applications, then you do so at your own risk.

Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Garmin, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your breach of these Terms of Use.

Export Control
The United States and certain other countries control the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export the Content to countries or persons prohibited under export control laws. By downloading the Content, you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not on the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders or the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Content.

Copyright Policy
Garmin respects the intellectual property rights of others. It is Garmin's policy, at its discretion and when appropriate, to terminate the accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe the copyrights of third parties.

To submit a copyright infringement notification to Garmin, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing the below-specified Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of the preceding paragraph, your DMCA notice may not be valid. Please see 17 U.S.C. § 512 for more information regarding the DMCA and DMCA notifications.

Our Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement can be reached as follows:

By Email: copyright@garmin.com

By Mail:
DMCA Designated Agent
Attn: Legal Department
Garmin International, Inc.
1200 East 151st Street
Olathe, KS 66062

General
Except to the extent provided below in this paragraph, all legal issues arising from or related to the use of any Garmin Site will be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of the State of Kansas applicable to contracts entered into and performed within the State of Kansas without respect to its conflict of laws principles. By using a Garmin Site, you agree that the exclusive forum for any claims or causes of action arising out of your use of the Garmin Site is the United States District Court for the District of Kansas, or any Kansas State court sitting in Johnson County. You hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which you may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. If (a) you are not a U.S. citizen; (b) you do not reside in the U.S.; (c) you are not accessing the Garmin Site from the U.S.; and (d) you are a citizen of one of the countries identified below, you hereby agree that any dispute or claim arising from this Terms of Use will be governed by the applicable law set forth below, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the state, province or country identified below whose law governs:

If you are a citizen of:
Any European Union country

Governing law and forum:
English laws; London, England

In the event of a complaint, or to request further information, the provider may be contacted in writing at Garmin International, Inc., 1200 East 151st Street, Olathe, Kansas 66062, USA, by telephone at (913) 397-8200 (ask for the webmaster), or by e-mail at webmaster@garmin.com.
Terms of Use

This Agreement was last revised on Dec 6, 2017.

Recent updates to this Agreement.
Welcome to Goodreads.com, the website and online service of Goodreads LLC (together with its affiliates, "Goodreads" "we," or "us"). This page explains the terms by which you may use our service. By accessing or using the Goodreads services, website and software provided through or in connection with the service ("Service"), you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement, the Goodreads Privacy Policy, the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, and the other applicable rules, policies and terms posted on the Goodreads.com website or provided with the Service (collectively, this "Agreement"), whether or not you are a registered user of our Service.

We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time in our sole discretion by posting the revised Agreement on the Goodreads.com website. Your continued use of the Service after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Agreement. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users").

1. Use of Our Service

Goodreads provides a place for you to discover, track, and talk about books with friends and our community.

You do not have to register in order to visit Goodreads. To access certain features of the Service, though, including creating "bookshelves" to organize what you've read, posting book reviews, and commenting on other members' reviews, you will need to register with Goodreads and create a "Member" account. Your account gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion.

You may never use another Member’s account without permission. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You agree to notify Goodreads immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.

You may change the settings on your My Account page to control your profile and how other members communicate with you. By providing Goodreads your email address you consent to our using the email address in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Subject to your compliance with this Agreement and your payment of any applicable fees, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Service. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any part of the Service, or its contents; any collection and use of any book listings, descriptions, reviews or other material included in the Service; any derivative use of any part of the Service or its contents; any downloading, copying, or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement are reserved and retained by us or our licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. No part of the Service may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Goodreads without our express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express written consent. You may not misuse the Service. You may use the Service only as permitted by law. The licenses granted by us terminate if you do not comply with this Agreement.

In order to protect our Members from unsolicited advertising or solicitation, Goodreads reserves the right to restrict the number of communications that a Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number that Goodreads deems appropriate in its sole discretion.

Goodreads may permanently or temporarily terminate, suspend, or otherwise refuse to permit your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in Goodreads' sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for no reason. Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement.

The Service is subject to scheduled and unscheduled service interruptions. All aspects of the Service are subject to change or elimination at Goodreads‘s sole discretion. You agree that Goodreads will not be liable to you for any interruption of the Service, delay or failure to perform.

You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Goodreads Users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users. Goodreads shall have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction.

2. User Content

Some areas of the Service may allow Users to upload, publish, display, link to or otherwise make available (hereinafter, "post") reviews, comments, questions, highlights, and other information including Users’ names, voices and likenesses ("User Content"). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You agree not to post User Content that is illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights (including publicity rights), or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam" or unsolicited commercial electronic messages. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content. You hereby represent that you are the owner of all the copyright rights with respect to, or that you have the legal right to post, your User Content, and that you have the power to grant the license granted below. Goodreads reserves the right to monitor, reject and/or remove any User Content at any time. For example, Goodreads may, but is not obligated to, reject and/or remove any User Content that Goodreads believes, in its sole discretion, violates these provisions.

Goodreads takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other Users or third parties post or send over the Service. You understand and agree that any loss or damage of any kind that occurs as a result of the use of any User Content that you post is solely your responsibility. Goodreads is not responsible for any public display or misuse of your User Content. You understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree that Goodreads shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of such User Content. Goodreads may provide tools for you to remove some User Content, but does not guarantee that all or any User Content will be removable.

3. License Grant

By posting any User Content on the Service, you expressly grant to Goodreads a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Goodreads for all claims resulting from content you supply. If you submit User Content via the “My Writing” or “Ebook” features, our Terms of Use for Writers apply to that User Content.

4. Our Proprietary Rights

Except for your User Content, the Service and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content (the "Goodreads Content"), and all intellectual property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of Goodreads and its licensors. Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such intellectual property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any materials or content accessible on the Service. Use of the Goodreads Content or materials on the Service for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.

You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our products ("Ideas"). By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Goodreads under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, Goodreads does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Goodreads, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

5. Eligibility

This Service is intended solely for Users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older, and any registration, use or access to the Service by anyone under 13 is unauthorized, unlicensed, and in violation of this Agreement. If you are under 18 years of age you may use the Service only if you either are an emancipated minor or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and comply with this Agreement.

6. Paid Services

Billing Policies. Certain aspects of the Service may be provided for a fee or other charge. These fees and charges, if any, are described on the website. If you elect to use paid aspects of the Service, you agree to the pricing, payment and billing policies applicable to such fees and charges, posted at the website. Goodreads may add new services for additional fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time in its sole discretion.

No Refunds. You may cancel your Goodreads Account at any time; however, there are no refunds for cancellation. As permitted under the terms of this Agreement, Goodreads has the right at any time for any reason or no reason to suspend or terminate your Account, terminate this Agreement, and/or refuse any and all current or future use of the Service without notice, refund, obligation, or liability to you. In the event that Goodreads suspends or terminates your Goodreads Account or this Agreement, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Service, any content or data associated with your Goodreads Account, or for anything else. You acknowledge that Goodreads has the perpetual and irrevocable right to delete any or all of your content and data from Goodreads's servers and from the Service, whether intentionally or unintentionally, and for any reason or no reason, without any liability of any kind to you or any other party.

7. Copyright Complaints

If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible via the Service, please send us the following information:

An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on the Service;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law; and
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
Goodreads’ Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its site can be reached as follows:
Copyright Agent
Attn: DMCA Notice
Goodreads LLC
188 Spear Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105 
Email: copyright@goodreads.com
Telephone: (415) 373-1500

Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Goodreads and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed.

8. Third-Party Websites, Advertisers or Services

Goodreads may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, or services that are not owned or controlled by Goodreads. Goodreads has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services. If you access a third party website from Goodreads, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and Goodreads’ Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites. You expressly relieve Goodreads from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or services or third party owned content.

Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on Goodreads, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that Goodreads shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.

We encourage you to be aware of when you leave the Service, and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party website or service that you visit.

9. Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Goodreads and its subsidiaries, agents, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or intellectual property rights; (iv) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of the United States or any other country; (v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any of your User Content or any that are submitted via your account; or (vi) any other party’s access and use of the Service with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.

10. Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

THE SERVICE AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) AND OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. GOODREADS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, GOODREADS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. GOODREADS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE, GOODREADS’ SERVERS OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM GOODREADS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. GOODREADS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE, OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

Assignment. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Goodreads without restriction.

Disputes/Binding Arbitration. Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this Agreement or a Kindle, any Reading Application, the Software, the Digital Content or the Service is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use. You agree to those terms by entering into this Agreement or using a Kindle, any Reading Application, or the Service.

No Waiver. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Goodreads' failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

Please contact us with any questions regarding this Agreement.

UPDATES

December 6, 2017: We have updated our terms of use agreement. Please read this Agreement carefully.
April 7, 2010: We added Terms of Use for Writers, which apply to works submitted to the Service via the "My Writing" or "Ebook" features.
October 16, 2008: We replaced our former terms of use agreement with a new agreement. Please read this Agreement carefully.

Google Terms of Service

Last modified: April 14, 2014 (view archived versions)

Welcome to Google!

Thanks for using our products and services (“Services”). The Services are provided by Google Inc. (“Google”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.

By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read them carefully.

Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply. Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.

Using our Services

You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services.

Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.

Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.

Our Services display some content that is not Google’s. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. But that does not necessarily mean that we review content, so please don’t assume that we do.

In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. You may opt out of some of those communications.

Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.

Your Google Account

You may need a Google Account in order to use some of our Services. You may create your own Google Account, or your Google Account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution. If you are using a Google Account assigned to you by an administrator, different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account.

To protect your Google Account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your Google Account. Try not to reuse your Google Account password on third-party applications. If you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or Google Account, follow these instructions.

Privacy and Copyright Protection

Google’s privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services. By using our Services, you agree that Google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.

We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online. If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices and Google’s policy about responding to notices in our Help Center.

Your Content in our Services

Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours.

When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. This license continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, for a business listing you have added to Google Maps). Some Services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to that Service. Also, in some of our Services, there are terms or settings that narrow the scope of our use of the content submitted in those Services. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our Services.

Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.

If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our Services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account. For example, you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad.

You can find more information about how Google uses and stores content in the privacy policy or additional terms for particular Services. If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.

About Software in our Services

When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, this software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some Services may let you adjust your automatic update settings.

Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.

Open source software is important to us. Some software used in our Services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you. There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.

Modifying and Terminating our Services

We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features. And we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.

You can stop using our Services at any time, although we’ll be sorry to see you go. Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time.

We believe that you own your data and preserving your access to such data is important. If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service.

Our Warranties and Disclaimers

We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services.

OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, NEITHER GOOGLE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES “AS IS”.

SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.

Liability for our Services

WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, GOOGLE, AND GOOGLE’S SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE SERVICES (OR, IF WE CHOOSE, TO SUPPLYING YOU THE SERVICES AGAIN).

IN ALL CASES, GOOGLE, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.

Business uses of our Services

If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify Google and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees.

About these Terms

We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. You should look at the terms regularly. We’ll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page. We’ll post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable Service. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.

If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will control for that conflict.

These terms control the relationship between Google and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.

If you do not comply with these terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).

If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.

The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.

Terms of Service and License Agreement
Effective as of May 25, 2018
Together with its subsidiaries and other affiliates, Grammarly, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Grammarly”), makes available the “Site” (websites including, without limitation, www.grammarly.com and all sub-domains), “Software” (software and mobile applications), and “Services” (including, without limitation, writing feedback suggestions and/or corrections, plagiarism detection, and human proofreading services) to help people communicate more effectively. Access to and use of Grammarly’s existing Site, Software and Services, as well as any future Sites, Software or Services provided by Grammarly are governed by this Terms of Service and License Agreement (this “Agreement”).

THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY IT OR THE PRIVACY POLICY REFERENCED HEREIN, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THE SITE AND YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE.  BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, SERVICES AND/OR SOFTWARE, YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD (OR IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND 17 YEARS OLD, INCLUSIVE, THAT YOU ARE USING THE SITE, SERVICES AND/OR SOFTWARE ONLY WITH THE APPROVAL OF YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN), THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.

If you are an individual subscriber, or are accessing the Site to use a Trial (as defined below) of the Services or Software, or are otherwise browsing the Site, this Agreement is between you, individually, and Grammarly.

If you are an employee, faculty member or student of a university, school or other entity or organization that has subscribed to the Services and Software (an “Enterprise Subscriber”), you are an “Authorized User” of your Enterprise Subscriber and (i) you represent that you have your Enterprise Subscriber’s permission and authority to use the Site, Services, Software and your Enterprise Subscriber’s “User Content” (as defined below) subject to this Agreement, (ii) this Agreement is an agreement between you, individually, and Grammarly, and (iii) your Enterprise Subscriber is jointly responsible for your use of the Site, Services and Software.

If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of an Enterprise Subscriber, you represent that you have the authority to bind the Enterprise Subscriber to this Agreement, in which case references to “you” in this Agreement shall mean the Enterprise Subscriber. If you do not have such authority, you must not accept this Agreement and may not use the Site, Software or Services.

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, WHICH WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST GRAMMARLY AND ITS LICENSORS AND ITS SUPPLIERS TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. UNDER THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AGAINST GRAMMARLY AND ITS LICENSORS AND ITS SUPPLIERS ON YOUR OWN BEHALF, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING, (2) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO SEEK RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ON YOUR OWN BEHALF, AND (3) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE YOUR CLAIMS DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR JURY.

Table of contents
Licenses
Registration and security
Enterprise Subscriber responsibility for Authorized Users
Fees, payment, and trial memberships
Termination and refund policy
Termination of Agreement with Enterprise Subscriber
Access to Services
Mobile Services
User Content
Changes to Services or Terms
Links to third party sites
Consent to receive email
Data collection and privacy
Ownership
Indemnity
Warranty disclaimers
Limitation of liability
Dispute resolution by binding arbitration
General provisions
Notice for California users
Licenses
If you are an individual subscriber: In consideration for your acceptance of this Agreement and your payment of all applicable Fees (as defined below), Grammarly grants you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the Site, the Services and the Software solely for your own personal purposes.

If you are an Enterprise Subscriber: In consideration for your agreement to this Agreement and your payment of all applicable Fees (as defined below), Grammarly grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to access and make use of the Site, the Services and the Software solely for your internal business purposes. In addition, you may permit such number of Authorized Users as has been agreed between you and Grammarly to access and make use of the Site, Services and Software.

If you are an Authorized User: In consideration for your agreement to this Agreement and your Enterprise Subscriber’s payment of all applicable Fees (as defined below), Grammarly grants you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to access and make use of the Site, the Services and the Software solely for the internal business purposes of your Enterprise Subscriber.

You may access and use the Site, Services and Software only in accordance with any instruction manuals, user guides and other documentation as made available by Grammarly from time to time (“Documentation”).

YOU MAY NOT CHECK MORE THAN 300 DOCUMENTS OR 150,000 WORDS IN ANY 30-DAY PERIOD OR 100 DOCUMENTS OR 50,000 WORDS IN ANY 24-HOUR PERIOD.

If you are an Enterprise Subscriber, this restriction applies to each of your Authorized Users individually, not to your overall use of the Site, Services and Software.

In addition, you may not:

a. copy, modify or create derivative works based on the Site, Services, Software or Documentation, or any portion(s) of any of the foregoing (individually and collectively, “Grammarly IP”);

b. distribute, transmit, publish or otherwise disseminate any Grammarly IP;

c. download or store any Grammarly IP except to the extent explicitly permitted on the Site;

d. transfer to any third party any of your rights under this Agreement (except to the extent that an Enterprise Subscriber may permit such number of Authorized Users as has been agreed between the Enterprise Subscriber and Grammarly to access and make use of the Site, Services and Software);

e. access or use the Services, Software or Grammarly IP for the benefit of any third party (except to the extent that Authorized Users may access and make use of the Site, the Services and the Software solely for the internal business purposes of their Enterprise Subscriber);

f. access content or data not intended for you, log onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access, or otherwise violate or attempt to violate any security or authentication feature or measures of the Site, Software or Services;

g. attempt to access or derive the source code or architecture of any Software;

h. attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site, Services and/or Software, or any associated system or network, or to breach any security or authentication feature or measures of the Site, Software or Services (except with Grammarly’s express permission in connection with your participation in one of Grammarly’s security testing programs), and if you are blocked by Grammarly from accessing the Site, Software or Services (including by blocking your IP address), you will not implement any measures to circumvent such blocking (e.g., by masking your IP address or using a proxy IP address);

i. interfere or attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting malicious software or computer code (“Malicious Code”) to the Site or Services, load testing, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” “crashing,”;

j. email or otherwise transmit any content that (i) infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party; (ii) you do not have a right to upload under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (iii) contains any Malicious Code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (iv) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person or entity; (v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized materials; or (vi) is otherwise objectionable;

k. automate access to the Site or the Services, including, without limitation, through the use of APIs, bots, scrapers or other similar devices;

l. export or re-export any Grammarly IP;

m. use or access any Services, Software or Grammarly IP in order to build a competitive product, service or solution;

n. violate any applicable law or regulations in connection with your use of the Site, Services or Software;

o. impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, including, without limitation, an Enterprise Subscriber; or

p. permit any third party to do any of the foregoing.

Grammarly may offer certain Software, including certain interfaces, for download from the Site (“Ancillary Software”). Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may install and use Ancillary Software on computers owned, leased or otherwise controlled by you, solely in conjunction with your authorized use of the Services. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, you shall cease any further use of the Ancillary Software and shall promptly destroy all copies thereof in your possession.

Certain Services or Software (including Ancillary Software) may be subject to additional limitations, restrictions, terms and/or conditions specific to such Services or Software (“Specific Terms”). In such cases, the applicable Specific Terms will be made available to you and your access to and use of the relevant Services or Software will be contingent upon your acceptance of and compliance with such Specific Terms.

Certain Services or Software (including Ancillary Software) may contain or otherwise make use of software, code or related materials from third parties, including “open source” or “freeware” software (“Third Party Components”). Certain Third Party Components may be subject to separate license terms that accompany such Third Party Components that, to the extent they conflict with the terms of this Agreement, supersede the terms of this Agreement. For your convenience, Grammarly makes available a list of Third Party Components on its website at https://grammarly.com/terms/thirdpartynotices. If required by any license for a particular Third Party Component, Grammarly makes the source code of such Third Party Component, and any of Grammarly’s modifications to such Third Party Component, as required, available upon written request to Grammarly.

Registration and security
By completing the registration process for any given Services, you are agreeing to subscribe to the selected Services, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You agree to provide Grammarly with accurate and complete registration information and to promptly notify Grammarly in the event of any changes to any such information.

You shall be solely responsible for the security and proper use of all user IDs, passwords or other security devices used in connection with the Site and/or the Services, and shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that they are kept confidential and secure, are used properly and are not disclosed to or used by any other person or entity. You shall immediately inform Grammarly if there is any reason to believe that a user ID, password or any other security device issued by Grammarly has or is likely to become known to someone not authorized to use it, or is being or is likely to be used in an unauthorized way. Grammarly reserves the right (at its sole discretion) to request that you change your password(s) in connection with the Services, and you shall promptly comply with any such request.

You are solely responsible for all activity in connection with access to the Site and/or Services through your account or using your password, and for the security of your computer systems, and in no event shall Grammarly be liable for any loss or damages relating to such activity.

Enterprise Subscriber responsibility for Authorized Users
Enterprise Subscribers shall ensure that the total number of Authorized Users does not exceed the maximum number of seats authorized by and purchased from Grammarly (each of which seats represents a unique (named) Authorized User). Enterprise Subscribers may assign different Authorized Users to the seats authorized by and purchased from Grammarly, so long as the total number of Authorized Users at any time does not exceed the maximum number of seats authorized by and purchased from Grammarly, but Authorized Users may not transfer (including by way of sublicense, lease, assignment or other transfer, including by operation of law) their seat, user name or right to use the Site, Services or Software to any third party. You, the Enterprise Subscriber, and your Authorized Users are jointly responsible for your Authorized Users’ use of the Site, Services and Software. You are also responsible for ensuring that all of your Authorized Users comply with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any violation of the terms and/or conditions of this Agreement by any of your Authorized Users shall be deemed to be a violation thereof by you.

Fees, payment, and trial memberships
If you have registered to use certain Services and/or Software on a trial basis, then you may use such Services and Software only for noncommercial evaluation purposes during the applicable trial period.

Your access to or use of the Services and/or Software shall be contingent upon your payment of all applicable fees as described on the Site at the time (“Fees”); unless you are an Authorized User, in which case your access to or use of the Services and/or Software shall be contingent upon your Enterprise Subscriber’s payment of the Fees.

Upon registering for Services, unless you are an Authorized User, you will be required to designate a valid credit card or PayPal® account. You hereby authorize Grammarly to charge to your designated account all Fees relating to the Services you select, and you agree to pay all such Fees in accordance with the applicable card member agreement or PayPal® terms and conditions.

Grammarly reserves the right to revise its Fees, including by increasing or adding new Fees, at any time on ten (10) days’ notice. Such notice may be sent to you by email to your most recently provided email address or posted on the Site or by any other manner chosen by Grammarly in its commercially reasonable discretion. You will be deemed to have received any such notice that is posted on the Site on the day it was posted. Your use of the Services after the ten (10) day notice period constitutes your acceptance of the new or revised Fees. If you do not agree to the revised Fees, you may cancel your subscription by following the “View cancellation instructions” link below.

Continuous membership
To ensure uninterrupted service, all subscriptions to the Site, Software and Services are renewed automatically. You hereby authorize Grammarly to charge subscription Fees for the renewal period to the credit card or PayPal® account on file. All subscriptions are renewed at the subscription level(s) and Fees in effect at the time the then-current subscription term ends. You may cancel the subscription at any time by following the “View cancellation instructions” link below.

Free trial
Grammarly may offer a free trial membership from time to time with regard to certain Software or Services (a “Trial”). By accessing or using the Site, Services or Software, you agree to the terms of any such Trial and further agree to any changes Grammarly may make to such Trial as described in “Changes to Services or Terms” below. If you cancel the Services before the end of the trial period, all your rights to any remaining free trial period will be waived and you will not be eligible to participate in any further Trials, except as allowed by Grammarly in its sole discretion.

Termination and refund policy
This Agreement shall continue until you cancel your subscription or until terminated by Grammarly. You may cancel your subscription at any time, although only an authorized representative of an Enterprise Subscriber may cancel the Enterprise Subscriber’s account. View cancellation instructions at https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000090172-How-do-I-cancel-my-subscription. If you cancel after your subscription renewal date, you will not receive a refund for any amounts that have been charged. Your cancellation will be effective at the end of your then-current subscription period, subject to applicable law, and you may use the Services until your cancellation is effective (unless your access is suspended or terminated as set forth below).

Grammarly may deny you access to all or any part of the Services or terminate your account with or without prior notice if you engage in any conduct or activities that Grammarly determines, in its sole discretion, violate this Agreement or the rights of Grammarly or any third party, or is otherwise inappropriate. Without limitation, Grammarly may deny you access to the Services, or terminate this Agreement and your account, if your use of the Services exceeds the 30-day and 24-hour use limitations set forth under the section titled “License.”

If you are an Authorized User of an Enterprise Subscriber, and this Agreement or the applicable agreement for Services and Software is terminated in relation to such Enterprise Subscriber, or if you otherwise lose access to the Services and Software via your Enterprise Subscriber (e.g., if you graduate from that Enterprise Subscriber or are no longer employed by that Enterprise Subscriber), Grammarly may elect in its discretion to (a) terminate your account or (b) downgrade your account to an individual subscriber account, at which point you agree that your use of the Services and Software will be as an individual subscriber in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (which Agreement at that point will be solely between you and Grammarly).

If you are an Authorized User of an Enterprise Subscriber, your Enterprise Subscriber may elect in its discretion and at any time to revoke your Authorized User status and (a) terminate your account or (b) downgrade your account to an individual subscriber account, at which point you agree that your use of the Services and Software will be as an individual subscriber in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (which Agreement at that point will be solely between you and Grammarly).

Upon termination of your account(s) for any reason, your right to use the Services and Software and to access the Site and any of its content will immediately cease and all content in your account(s) will be deleted. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability and miscellaneous provisions.

Except as may be expressly set forth herein, all Fees paid or accrued in connection with any Services are non-refundable, and Grammarly will not prorate any Fees paid for a subscription that is terminated before the end of its term.

The following applies only if you are an individual subscriber who registered for your paid subscription on or before January 11, 2018: Your subscription includes a 7-day money back guarantee. If you are dissatisfied with your subscription for any reason, you can receive a full refund of the subscription fees you paid if you cancel your subscription within 7 days of activation. Please visit our help desk to submit a refund request. This money back guarantee applies only to new individual subscribers who registered for a paid subscription on or before January 11, 2018 and does not apply to any subscriber who breaches any term or condition of this Agreement.

Termination of Agreement with Enterprise Subscriber
This section titled “Termination of Agreement with Enterprise Subscriber” applies only to Enterprise Subscribers.

Either Grammarly or you may terminate this Agreement by notice if the other party breaches any material term of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice of the breach from the non-defaulting party. In addition, Grammarly may suspend the Services upon notice if you fail to make any payment when due and fail to cure such breach within ten (10) days after receipt of notice of the breach from Grammarly. Any such suspension or termination shall be without limitation of any other right or remedy available to the terminating party.

Grammarly may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon sixty (60) days’ prior written notice without liability to you. Following a termination pursuant to the foregoing sentence, Grammarly shall refund the pro rata portion of any Fees relating to the remaining term, as applicable.

Either Grammarly or you may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to the other party if the other party has a receiver or similar party appointed for all or substantially all of its property, is declared insolvent by a court of competent jurisdiction, ceases to do business in the ordinary course, files a petition in bankruptcy or has a petition filed against it in bankruptcy, becomes the subject of any court or administrative proceeding related to its liquidation or insolvency (whether voluntary or involuntary) that is not dismissed within ninety (90) days, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

If this Agreement is terminated or otherwise expires for any reason, you shall promptly return to Grammarly or destroy, as directed by Grammarly, all Confidential Information, Software and other materials in your possession or under your control belonging to Grammarly, and all rights and licenses granted by Grammarly pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate. Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, your right to use the Services and Software and to access the Site and any of its content will immediately cease and Grammarly may elect in its discretion to (a) terminate your Authorized Users’ accounts or (b) downgrade your Authorized Users’ accounts to individual subscriber accounts.

All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability and miscellaneous provisions.

Access to Services
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to or access the Site or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, internet service and telecommunications capacity. You shall be solely responsible for ensuring that such equipment and ancillary services are compatible with the Services and Software.

Mobile Services
The Site, Software and Services may include products and services that are available via a mobile device, including (i) the ability to upload content to the Services via a mobile device, (ii) the ability to browse the Services and the Site from a mobile device, and (iii) the ability to access certain features through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device (collectively, “Mobile Services”). To the extent you access the Service through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier’s standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. In addition, downloading, installing or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. By using the Mobile Services, you agree that Grammarly may communicate with you regarding Grammarly and other entities by electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to us. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree to promptly update your account information to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that acquires your mobile telephone number.

User Content
You are solely responsible for all text, documents or other content or information uploaded, entered or otherwise transmitted by you in connection with your use of the Services and/or Software (“User Content”). User Content includes, among other things, any mistakes contained in the content or information transmitted by you. Grammarly has no obligation to monitor any User Content and shall have no liability to you or any other person or entity with respect thereto, including, without limitation, liability with respect to any information (including your confidential information) contained in or apparent from any User Content. You warrant, represent and covenant that you own or have a valid and enforceable license to use all User Content, and that no User Content infringes, misappropriates or violates the rights (including, without limitation, any copyrights or other intellectual property rights) of any person or entity or any applicable law, rule or regulation of any government authority of competent jurisdiction. Grammarly is not responsible for the loss, corruption or other changes to User Content. Without limiting the foregoing, any feature(s) of the Services and/or Software that may permit you to temporarily save or otherwise store User Content is offered for your convenience only and Grammarly does not guarantee that the User Content will be retrievable. You are solely responsible for saving, storing and otherwise maintaining User Content including by maintaining backup copies of your User Content on appropriate independent systems that do not rely on the Services and/or Software.

By uploading or entering any User Content, you give Grammarly (and those it works with) a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free and fully-paid, transferable and sublicensable, perpetual, and irrevocable license to copy, store and use your User Content (and, if you are an Authorized User, your Enterprise Subscriber’s User Content) in connection with the provision of the Software and the Services and to improve the algorithms underlying the Software and the Services.

Changes to Services or Terms
Grammarly reserves the right at any time to (i) change any information, specifications, features or functions of the Site, Services or Software, including any Trial, (ii) suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any or all of the Services or any Trial, including the availability of any feature, database or content, or (iii) impose limits on certain features and Services or restrict access to parts or all of the Services, including any Trial, in each case with or without prior notice and without any liability to you or any third party. Grammarly will use its commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of changes to the Services and/or Software that, in Grammarly’s reasonable opinion, have the effect of materially and adversely diminishing the functionality of the Services to which you have subscribed.

Grammarly may from time to time update or revise this Agreement. If Grammarly updates or revises this Agreement, Grammarly will notify you either by email to your most recently provided email address, by posting the updated or revised Terms of Service and End User License Agreement on the Site or by any other manner chosen by Grammarly in its commercially reasonable discretion. Your use of the Site, Services or Software following any such update or revision constitutes your agreement to be bound by and comply with this Agreement as updated or revised. You can view the most current Terms of Service and End User License Agreement at grammarly.com/terms. It is your responsibility to review the Terms of Service and End User License Agreement periodically.

If you cancel your subscription within ten (10) days following such notice by Grammarly in accordance with the two preceding paragraphs, then Grammarly will refund you a pro-rated portion of any pre-paid Fees for the affected Services applicable to the cancelled portion of the pre-paid subscription term, if any.

Links to third party sites
Any links on the Site to third party websites are provided for your convenience only. If you choose to access third party websites or obtain products or services from third parties, you do so entirely at your own risk and such access is between you and such third party. Grammarly does not warrant or make any representation regarding the legality, accuracy or authenticity of content presented by such websites or any products or services offered by third parties and shall have no liability for any loss or damages arising from the access or use of such websites, products or services.

Consent to receive email
For users located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA):
Your registration to use the Site and/or Services constitutes your consent to receive email communications from Grammarly, including messages regarding customer service issues and other matters. You may opt not to receive email correspondence, other than technical notifications and email regarding issues related to your account and your use of the Site and Services, at any time by following the link included in the email messages.

For users located in the European Economic Area (EEA):
We only send marketing communications to users located in the European Economic Area (EEA) with your prior consent, and you may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Grammarly emails and changing your contact preferences. Please note you will continue to receive transactional messages related to our Services, even if you unsubscribe from marketing emails.

Data collection and privacy
Grammarly does not collect personally identifiable information from you except to the extent you have explicitly given such information to Grammarly. Grammarly’s information practices are further described in its privacy policy, which is available at: grammarly.com/privacy-policy (the “Privacy Policy”). The Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Agreement and is expressly incorporated by reference, and by entering into this Agreement you agree to (i) all of the terms of the Privacy Policy, and (ii) Grammarly’s use of data as described in the Privacy Policy is not an actionable breach of your privacy or publicity rights.

Grammarly may from time to time update or revise the Privacy Policy. If Grammarly updates or revises the Privacy Policy, Grammarly will notify you either by email to your most recently provided email address, by posting the updated or revised Privacy Policy on the Site or by any other manner chosen by Grammarly in its commercially reasonable discretion. Your use of the Site, Services or Software following any such update or revision constitutes your agreement to be bound by and comply with the Privacy Policy as updated or revised.

In addition, Grammarly may engage third parties to conduct risk control and fraud detection/prevention activities. As part of such engagements, if you initiate a transaction on the Site or through the Services, Grammarly may give such third parties access to your pertinent credit card and other personal information. Such third parties may only use such personal information for purposes of performing risk control and fraud detection/prevention activities for us. However, they may also convert such personal information into hashed or encoded representations of such information to be used for statistical and/or fraud prevention purposes. By initiating any such transaction, you hereby consent to the foregoing disclosure and use of your information.

Ownership
All intellectual property rights in and to the User Content are and shall remain your property, and Grammarly shall acquire no right of ownership with respect to your User Content.

All intellectual property rights in and to the Software, Site and Services and other Grammarly IP are and shall remain the sole property of Grammarly and its affiliates and licensors, as applicable, and you shall acquire no right of ownership or use with respect to any Software or other Grammarly IP except as specified in this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge that the Software and the Service and the inventions, know-how and methodology embodied therein are proprietary to, and contain valuable trade secrets of, Grammarly and its affiliates and licensors, as applicable, and that the Software constitutes Confidential Information of Grammarly. You may from time to time provide Grammarly with suggestions, comments, recommendations, improvements, solutions, bug fixes, features, concepts, techniques, ideas, know-how and/or any feedback regarding the Services, the Software, the Site and/or any of Grammarly’s related technologies (“Feedback”). Any and all Feedback is and shall be given entirely voluntarily. As between the you, Grammarly and, if applicable, your Enterprise Subscriber, all Feedback shall be exclusively owned by Grammarly, and you hereby make all assignments necessary to accomplish the foregoing ownership, and as a result Grammarly shall be freely entitled to reproduce, prepare derivative works, disclose to third parties, display and perform (publicly or otherwise), sell, lease, license, distribute and otherwise use and exploit any and all such Feedback as it deems appropriate, at its sole discretion, without obligation or liability of any kind to you, your Enterprise Subscriber (if applicable) or any other person or entity.

Indemnity
You shall indemnify, release and hold harmless Grammarly and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors and suppliers, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any loss, liability (including settlements, judgments, fines and penalties) and costs (including reasonable attorney fees, court costs and other litigation expenses) relating to any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Site, use of the Services or Software, violation of this Agreement, or infringement of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” If you are a resident of another jurisdiction, you waive any comparable statute or doctrine.

Warranty disclaimers
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GRAMMARLY, ITS LICENSORS AND ITS SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SITE, SERVICES, AND SOFTWARE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, LAW, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE, OR REGARDING SECURITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS AND PERFORMANCE. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE AT YOUR OWN SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SITE, SERVICES AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “WHERE IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, GRAMMARLY AND ITS LICENSORS AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE, SERVICES AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

Limitation of liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL GRAMMARLY BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, SERVICES AND/ OR SOFTWARE FOR (I) ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE FEES YOU HAVE ACTUALLY PAID TO GRAMMARLY DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT(S) GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY; (II) ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST OR DAMAGED USER CONTENT OR OTHER DATA, OR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION GOOD FAITH AND REASONABLE CARE; OR (III) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER.

YOU AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY REPRESENTS A REASONABLE ALLOCATION OF RISK AND IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN GRAMMARLY AND YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE SITE, SERVICES AND SOFTWARE WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS.

CERTAIN STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

IF YOU ARE A USER FROM NEW JERSEY, THE FOREGOING SECTIONS TITLED “WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS” AND “LIMITATION OF LIABILITY” ARE INTENDED TO BE ONLY AS BROAD AS IS PERMITTED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY. IF ANY PORTION OF THESE SECTIONS IS HELD TO BE INVALID UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, THE INVALIDITY OF SUCH PORTION SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THE APPLICABLE SECTIONS.

Dispute resolution by binding arbitration
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY AS IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.

a. Agreement to Arbitrate
This Section titled “Dispute resolution by binding arbitration” is referred to in this Agreement as the “Arbitration Agreement.” You agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and Grammarly, whether arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including any alleged breach thereof), the Site, Software or Services, any advertising or any aspect of the relationship or transactions between us, shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than a court, in accordance with the terms of this Arbitration Agreement, except that you may assert individual claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify. Further, this Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, and such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf. You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and Grammarly are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. Your rights will be determined by a neutral arbitrator, not a judge or jury. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.

b. Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief
YOU AND GRAMMARLY AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. UNLESS BOTH YOU AND GRAMMARLY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S OR PARTY’S CLAIMS AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, OR CLASS PROCEEDING. ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S).

c. Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution
Grammarly is always interested in resolving disputes amicably and efficiently, and most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer’s satisfaction by emailing customer support at support@grammarly.com. If such efforts prove unsuccessful, a party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”). The Notice to Grammarly should be sent to 548 Market Street, #35410, San Francisco, CA 94104, Attn: Operations Department (“Notice Address”). The Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought. If Grammarly and you do not resolve the claim within sixty (60) calendar days after the Notice is received, you or Grammarly may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Grammarly or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or Grammarly is entitled.

d. Arbitration Procedures
Arbitration will be conducted by a neutral arbitrator in accordance with the American Arbitration Association’s (“AAA”) rules and procedures, including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, the “AAA Rules”), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. For information on the AAA, please visit its website, https://www.adr.org. Information about the AAA Rules and fees for consumer disputes can be found at the AAA’s consumer arbitration page, https://www.adr.org/consumer_arbitration. If there is any inconsistency between any term of the AAA Rules and any term of this Arbitration Agreement, the applicable terms of this Arbitration Agreement will control unless the arbitrator determines that the application of the inconsistent Arbitration Agreement terms would not result in a fundamentally fair arbitration. The arbitrator must also follow the provisions of this Agreement as a court would. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including, but not limited to, issues relating to the scope, enforceability, and arbitrability of this Arbitration Agreement. Although arbitration proceedings are usually simpler and more streamlined than trials and other judicial proceedings, the arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual under this Agreement and applicable law. Decisions by the arbitrator are enforceable in court and may be overturned by a court only for very limited reasons.

Unless Grammarly and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in a reasonably convenient location for both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances. If the parties are unable to agree on a location, the determination shall be made by AAA. If your claim is for $10,000 or less, Grammarly agrees that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.

e. Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees (collectively, the “Arbitration Fees”) will be governed by the AAA Rules, unless otherwise provided in this Arbitration Agreement. If the value of the relief sought is $75,000 or less, at your request, Grammarly will pay all Arbitration Fees. If the value of relief sought is more than $75,000 and you are able to demonstrate to the arbitrator that you are economically unable to pay your portion of the Arbitration Fees or if the arbitrator otherwise determines for any reason that you should not be required to pay your portion of the Arbitration Fees, Grammarly will pay your portion of such fees. In addition, if you demonstrate to the arbitrator that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Grammarly will pay as much of the Arbitration Fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive. Finally, if the value of the relief sought is $75,000 or less, Grammarly will pay reasonable attorneys’ fees should you prevail. Grammarly will not seek attorneys’ fees from you. But, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in relief, the payment of attorneys’ fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.

f. Confidentiality
All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, and any ruling, decision, or award by the arbitrator, will be strictly confidential for the benefit of all parties.

g. Severability
Without limiting the severability provision in the Section titled “General Provisions” of this Agreement, if a court or the arbitrator decides that any term or provision of this Arbitration Agreement other than clause (b) of this Arbitration Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Arbitration Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified. If a court decides that any of the provisions of clause (b) of this Arbitration Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this Arbitration Agreement shall be null and void, unless such provisions are deemed to be invalid or unenforceable solely with respect to claims for public injunctive relief. The remainder of this Agreement will continue to apply.

h. Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Grammarly agrees that if it makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address) while you are a user of the Services, you may reject any such change by sending Grammarly written notice within thirty (30) calendar days of the change to the Notice Address provided above. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this Arbitration Agreement.

General provisions
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without regard to any choice of law, conflicts of law or other principles that would result in the applicable of the laws or regulations of any other jurisdiction. Subject to the section titled “Arbitration”, any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement shall be instituted in a state or federal court in San Francisco County, California. You and Grammarly agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding.

This Agreement and the rights and obligations herein are personal to you, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any of your rights or obligations hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Grammarly. Grammarly may freely assign this Agreement, including, without limitation, in connection with a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization, or sale of some or all of our assets or stock.

If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement are for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unimpaired and shall remain in full force and effect, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision(s) shall be replaced by a valid, legal and enforceable provision or provisions that comes closest to the intent of the parties underlying the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision(s).

The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof.

If Grammarly is unable to perform any obligation under this Agreement because of any matter beyond its reasonable control, such as lightning, flood, exceptionally severe weather, fire, explosion, war, civil disorder, industrial disputes (whether or not involving employees of Grammarly), acts of local or central government or other competent authorities, problems with telecommunications providers, hostile network attacks or other events beyond Grammarly’s reasonable control (each, a “Force Majeure Event”), Grammarly will have no liability to you for such failure to perform; provided, however, that Grammarly shall resume performance promptly upon removal of the circumstances constituting the Force Majeure Event. If any Force Majeure Event continues for more than sixty (60) days, either Grammarly or you may terminate this Agreement by delivery of written notice to the other party. You will remain responsible for all Fees incurred through the last day the Services were available.

If you and Grammarly have executed a separate Subscription Agreement applicable to your access to and use of the Site, Services and/or Software, then the terms and conditions of such Subscription Agreement shall prevail to the extent of any conflict with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In all other cases, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Grammarly and you with respect to its subject matter, and supersedes all prior communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between Grammarly and you. No waiver or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of each party.

Notice for California users
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users of the Site, Software or Services from California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. You may contact Grammarly at:

Grammarly, Inc.
548 Market Street, #35410
San Francisco, CA 94104

Grindr Terms and Conditions of Service
INTRODUCTION; AGREEMENT TO THIS TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE

Grindr LLC

P.O. Box 69176

West Hollywood, CA 90069


Welcome to Grindr LLC’s (“Grindr”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) mobile device software application (the “Grindr Software”), Web site, and any other mobile or web services or applications owned, controlled, or offered by Grindr now or in the future (collectively, the “Grindr Services”). For clarity, any reference herein to “Grindr Services” includes the “Grindr Software.” Users who access, download, use, purchase and/or subscribe to the Grindr Services (collectively or individually “You” or “Your” or “User” or “Users”) must do so under the following Terms and Conditions of Service and Privacy Policy (please see http://grindr.com/privacy-policy) (COLLECTIVELY, THIS “Agreement”).


RESOLVING DISPUTES WITH YOU: SECTION 21 OF THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US ARE RESOLVED. IN PARTICULAR, THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT IN THAT SECTION WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US TO BE SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION, UNLESS YOU OPT OUT. IN ADDITION: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND NOT IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING; AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON YOUR CLAIMS. PLEASE SEE SECTION 21 FOR MORE INFORMATION REGARDING THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, AND HOW TO OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE A EUROPEAN UNION RESIDENT, PLEASE REFER TO THE SPECIAL TERMS FOR INTERNATIONAL USERS.


THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND GRINDR. BEFORE USING ANY GRINDR SERVICES, PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, USING, PURCHASING AND/OR SUBSCRIBING TO THE GRINDR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, A WAIVER OF CLASS-ACTION RIGHTS, AND LIABILITY LIMITATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT, THEN PLEASE CEASE USING THE GRINDR SERVICES IMMEDIATELY. CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE ENTIRE DISPUTE RESOLUTION AGREEMENT.


We recommend that you save a copy of this Agreement for your records. You may receive a copy of this Agreement by emailing Us at: help@grindr.com, Subject: Terms of Service Agreement.


AGE RESTRICTIONS AND SAFETY. THE GRINDR SERVICES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY FOR ADULTS (INDIVIDUALS AGED 18 YEARS OR OLDER).
NO USE BY UNDERAGE PERSONS. NO PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS (TWENTY-ONE (21) YEARS IN PLACES WHERE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS IS NOT THE AGE OF MAJORITY) MAY DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY VIEW, POSSESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE GRINDR SERVICES.
YOU MUST BE A LEGAL ADULT. YOU HEREBY AFFIRM AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE OR OVER (TWENTY-ONE (21) YEARS IN PLACES WHERE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS IS NOT THE AGE OF MAJORITY) AND YOU ARE CAPABLE OF LAWFULLY ENTERING INTO AND PERFORMING ALL THE OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.
SAFETY. GRINDR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES OR FOR THE ACTIONS OF OTHER USERS WITH WHOM YOU MAY EXCHANGE INFORMATION OR HAVE CONTACT. GRINDR DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND SCREENINGS OF ITS USERS. GRINDR DOES NOT VERIFY THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY USERS WITH RESPECT TO USERS’ HEALTH, PHYSICAL CONDITION, OR OTHERWISE. GRINDR ALSO IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ACTIVITIES OR LEGAL CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR USE IN LOCATIONS WHICH MAY ATTEMPT TO CRIMINALIZE OR LIMIT YOUR PERSONAL INTERACTIONS. YOU MUST MAKE YOUR OWN INFORMED DECISIONS ABOUT USE OF THE APPLICATION IN YOUR LOCATION AND ASSESS ANY POTENTIAL ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES.
WARNING: IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER ABOUT LOCATION DATA. THE GRINDR SERVICES ARE INTENDED ONLY AS PERSONAL, LOCATION-BASED SERVICES FOR INDIVIDUAL USE AND SHOULD NOT BE USED OR RELIED ON AS AN EMERGENCY LOCATOR SYSTEM, USED WHILE DRIVING OR OPERATING VEHICLES, OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE, OR ANY OTHER APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FAILURE OR INACCURACY OF THAT APPLICATION OR THE GRINDR SERVICES COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR PROPERTY DAMAGE. GRINDR IS NOT SUITED OR INTENDED FOR FAMILY FINDING PURPOSES, FLEET TRACKING, OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF BUSINESS OR ENTERPRISE USE. OTHER PRODUCTS EXIST TODAY THAT MAY BE USED SPECIFICALLY FOR THESE PURPOSES.
INTERNATIONAL USERS.
Use Outside the United States of America. The Grindr Services are controlled and offered by Grindr from the United States of America and, regardless of Your place of residence, Your use of them is governed by the law of the State of California, USA. Grindr makes no representations that the Grindr Services are appropriate for use in other locations or are legal in all jurisdictions. Those who access or use the Grindr Services from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with local law. You consent to the transfer and processing of Your data in the United States of America and any other jurisdiction throughout the world.
Special Terms. If You are a resident of certain countries, including those in the European Union, You may have additional rights or certain parts of this Agreement may not apply to You if required by the law of Your jurisdiction. Please refer to the Special Terms for International Users for  further detail.
English Language. Grindr may provide translations of this Agreement and local-language versions of the Grindr Services for the convenience and enjoyment of its international users. This Agreement was written in English and to the extent the translated version of this Agreement is inconsistent with the English version, the English version will control. Similarly, Grindr reserves the right to correct translation errors and similar issues occasioned by the offering of local language versions of this Agreement and the Grindr Services.
YOUR ACCOUNT REGISTRATION; YOUR ACCOUNT USE.
Your Account Registration. If You create an account on any of the Grindr Services (a “User Account”) and submit information to Us, You must ensure that such information is accurate. You must promptly update such information if it changes.
Accounts are Personal. You may not use anyone else’s account at any time. You may not buy, sell, rent, or lease access to Your User Account or Your username without Our written permission. You will not share or otherwise transfer Your User Account or credentials.
Security of Your Account. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your password and account. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under Your account. You agree to notify Grindr immediately of any unauthorized use of Your account or any other breach of security. We will not be liable for any loss, damages, liability, expenses or attorneys’ fees that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your password or account, either with or without Your knowledge. You will be liable for losses, damages, liability, expenses and attorneys’ fees incurred by Grindr or a third party due to someone else using Your account, regardless of whether they are authorized.
We Have No Obligation to Retain a Record of Your Account. Grindr has no obligation to retain a record of Your account or any data or information that You may have stored for Your convenience by means of Your account or the Grindr Services. The Grindr Services are not intended for data storage. You are solely responsible for backing up your data (e.g., separately saving the contact information of individuals you meet through the Grindr Services).
PRIVACY POLICY. Our collection, use, and sharing of personal and other information about You is subject to Our Privacy Policy. You understand that through Your use of the Grindr Services You consent to the collection, retention, use, and sharing of this information as set forth in Our Privacy Policy, including the transfer of Your personal information from Your country of residence to the United States of America or other countries where the laws regarding privacy may differ.
SERVICE MODIFICATIONS. We reserve the right, at Our discretion, to modify, add, or discontinue the Grindr Services or any portion thereof, at any time, for any reason, and without notice or liability to You. We reserve the right at any time to charge fees for access to all or portions of the Grindr Services and change any such pricing at any time.
OUR OWNERSHIP; OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. The Grindr Services are owned and operated by Grindr. The Grindr Services, content, visual interfaces, information, graphics, design, compilation, computer code, products, software, services, including the mobile device applications, and all other elements of the Grindr Services (collectively, the “Materials”) are protected by United States copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international laws and conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. All Materials contained in the Grindr Services are the property of Grindr or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names displayed on the Grindr Services are proprietary to Grindr or its affiliates and/or third-party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by Grindr under this Agreement, You agree not to sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise make unauthorized use of the Materials.
GUIDELINES OF YOUR USE; USAGE RULES; PROHIBITED CONDUCT & USES.
GRINDR’S USER PROFILE GUIDELINES, located at http://www.grindr.com/community-guidelines/ (the “Guidelines”), as amended from time to time, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. Please read the Guidelines carefully before providing any photo, text, or links to the Grindr Services. These Guidelines are subject to change at any time for any reason without notice to You or Our being liable to You.
WE MAY DELETE YOUR SUBMISSIONS AND WE MAY BAN YOUR ACCOUNT. Grindr can request that You delete, or Grindr may delete, any User Content (as defined below) at any time for any reason, or no reason whatsoever. Any violation of the Guidelines or this Agreement by Your User Content, as determined by Grindr, may result in Your User Account being banned and may lead to the termination of Your access to the Grindr Services.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS REGARDING PROHIBITED CONDUCT AND USES LISTED BELOW:
You will NOT use the Grindr Services or any information displayed within the Grindr Services to “stalk,” harass, abuse, defame, threaten or defraud other Users; violate the privacy or other rights of Users; or collect, attempt to collect, store, or disclose without permission the location or personal information about other Users;
You will NOT include offensive or pornographic materials, or materials that are harmful in Your Grindr Services personal profile page;
You will NOT use the Grindr Services for any commercial or non-private use, such as the sale or advertisement of goods or services, and You understand that the Grindr Services are for personal, non-commercial use only in the manner and for the purposes that We intend;
You will NOT use the Grindr Services for the commission or encouragement of any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law, including laws governing criminal acts, prohibited or controlled substances, intellectual property and other proprietary rights, data protection and privacy, and import or export control;
You will NOT include material on Your personal profile page which contains video, audio, photographs, or images of any person under the age of eighteen (18) at all or any person over the age of eighteen (18) without his or her express permission;
You will NOT make unsolicited offers, advertisements, proposals, or send junk mail to other Users of the Grindr Services. This includes unsolicited advertising, promotional materials or other solicitation material, bulk mailing of commercial advertising, chain mail, informational announcements, charity requests, and petitions for signatures, surveying or requests to participate in surveys or studies;
You will NOT impersonate any person or entity, falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity, or access the Grindr User Accounts of other Users;
You will NOT misrepresent the source, identity or content of information transmitted via the Grindr Services;
You will NOT display the Grindr application or profile data on any external display or monitor or in any public setting;
You will NOT remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Grindr Services, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Grindr Services, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Grindr Services;
You will NOT intentionally interfere with or damage operation of the Grindr Services or any User’s enjoyment of them, by any means, including uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, worms, or other malicious code;
You will NOT post, store, send, transmit, or disseminate any information or material which a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, defamatory, libelous, offensive, obscene, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, distressing, vulgar, hateful, racially or ethnically or otherwise offensive to any group or individual, intentionally misleading, false, or otherwise inappropriate, regardless of whether this material or its dissemination is unlawful;
You will NOT post, store, send, transmit, or disseminate any information or material which infringes any patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, or any other rights of any person;
You will NOT use the Grindr Services with any products, systems, or applications installed or otherwise connected to or in communication with vehicles, or otherwise capable of vehicle navigation, positioning, dispatch, real time route guidance, fleet management, or similar applications;
You will NOT use the Grindr Services in connection with hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance or any application in which the failure or inaccuracy of that application or the Grindr Services could lead to death, personal injury, or physical or property damage;
You will NOT attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Grindr Services, or any part of it, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Grindr Services, or any part of it, through hacking, password mining or any other means, or interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Grindr Services or any activities conducted on the Grindr Service;
You will NOT probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Grindr Services or any system or network; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Grindr Services for any purpose without Our express written permission; bypass Our robot exclusion headers or other measures We may use to prevent or restrict access to the Grindr Services; modify the Grindr Services in any manner or form; use or develop any application that interacts with the Grindr Services or provides access to other Users’ content or information without Our written permission; or use modified versions of the Grindr Services, including for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Grindr Services; and
You will NOT interfere with anyone’s ability to use or enjoy the Grindr Service, or aid or encourage any activity prohibited by this Agreement.
PREMIUM SERVICES; PURCHASES.
Premium Services. Certain Services, such as Grindr Xtra, may be available only through creation of a User Account and payment of a fee (“Premium Services”). Through such accounts, You will have access to such Premium Services for a fixed term, which will automatically renew. The term, renewal period, and the total cost of each Premium Services offering will be provided within the Grindr Services or otherwise where the Premium Services are offered.
PREMIUM SERVICES AUTOMATICALLY RENEW. PREMIUM SERVICES AUTOMATICALLY RENEW CONTINUOUSLY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE PREMIUM SERVICES AUTOMATICALLY RENEW UNLESS YOU CANCEL IT OR WE SUSPEND OR TERMINATE IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT
Trial Premiums. Access to Grindr Premium Services may from time to time be made available on a time-limited free trial basis (a “Trial” or “Trial Premiums”). Please note that this Agreement also applies to any Trial. You may be asked to provide Your credit or debit card information when registering for a Trial. In such event, Your credit or debit card will only be charged if You do not cancel Your Trial before the end of the Trial period. If We ask for Your credit or debit card information and You do not affirmatively cancel before the end of the Trial, then Your Trial may be converted into a paid subscription and Your credit or debit card may be charged the subscription fee in effect at the time Your Trial first began. Trial Premiums are not available to former Users of Premium Services or Users who have previously received a free trial and cancelled it prior to paying for Premium Services.
CANCELLATION POLICY. YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR PREMIUM SERVICES AT ANY TIME, SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IN ORDER TO CANCEL, YOU MUST FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN IN THE GRINDR SERVICES. THERE ARE NO CANCELLATION FEES. INSTRUCTIONS FOR CANCELLING PREMIUM SERVICES MAY BE OBTAINED BY EMAIL REQUEST TO HELP@GRINDR.COM.
Purchases. We reserve the right to correct errors (whether by changing information on the Grindr Services or by informing You of the error and giving You an opportunity to cancel Your order) or to update information at any time without notice. We may grant or deny cancellation requests for individual orders in Our sole and absolute discretion. All sales are final.
Promo Codes. Grindr may, from time to time in its sole discretion, offer certain promotional codes for discounts. Promotional codes are non-transferable and are not redeemable for cash, credit, or toward previous purchases. There is no cash alternative. Furthermore, promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotional discount, and must be redeemed by the date published, if provided. Lost promotional codes cannot be replaced. Limit one promotional code per customer. Promotional codes are void where prohibited. Any promotional program may be terminated or modified by Grindr at any time in Our sole discretion.
Payments Are Non-Refundable. Any and all payments made to Grindr are final and all charges are nonrefundable. Cancellations are effective the following billing period in which payment is due. You will not receive a refund for any payment amount, even if payment was made for multiple billing periods.
Taxes. Unless specified otherwise at the time of purchase, all payments to Grindr are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and You are responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties.
YOUR USAGE.
You acknowledge that some of the Grindr Services may only be accessed by downloading the Grindr Software to a mobile device. You will not have the opportunity to view Your User Contents (including chat) unless You have downloaded the Grindr Software and registered an account.
GRINDR RESERVES THE RIGHT, BUT HAS NO OBLIGATION, TO MONITOR ANY USER’S USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES, INCLUDING A USER’S REGISTRATION OR MESSAGING, AS WELL AS A USER’S USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE LOCATION INFORMATION AND PROFILES OF OTHER USERS. ACCORDINGLY, GRINDR ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO (A) DISABLE ANY USER’S USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE GRINDR SERVICES, INCLUDING THE LOCATION INFORMATION OR PROFILES OF OTHER USERS OR (B) TERMINATE ANY USER’S ACCOUNT, FOR ANY REASON AND WITHOUT ANY NOTICE OR OUR BEING LIABLE TO YOU.
You alone are responsible for Your involvement with other Users. You agree that Grindr will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. Grindr reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disagreements between You and other Users.
Grindr does not control the content of User Accounts and profiles. Grindr has the right, but does not have any obligation, to monitor such content for any purpose. You acknowledge that You are solely responsible for all content and material that You provide to the Grindr Services.
OUR REFUSAL OR SUSPENSION OF YOUR SERVICE.
You may terminate Your Account at any time for any reason, by following the instructions given in the Grindr Services. Upon the cancellation of Your account, this Agreement will immediately terminate, except as provided in Section 25.4 below.
If You have a User Account set up for recurring billing for a Premium Service, You may cancel Your User Account at any time. You will continue to have the same access for any billing period or periods for which You have paid. If we believe that Your profile content or Your conduct within the Grindr Services violates Our Terms of Service, Your access and User Account may be immediately terminated and no refunds will be given.
GRINDR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REFUSE OR SUSPEND ACCESS TO ANY USER, FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON, AND WITHOUT ANY NOTICE.
Grindr may terminate any User Account You have with the Grindr Services or Your use of the Grindr Services or any portion thereof, if Grindr believes that you have breached this Agreement, or for any other reason, in its sole discretion. Grindr may also remove and discard all or any part of Your User Account or any User Content (as defined below), at any time. You agree that any termination of Your access to the Grindr Services or any User Account You may have or portion thereof may be effected without prior notice, and You agree that Grindr will not be liable to You or any third party for any such termination. For example, We may deactivate Your User Account due to prolonged inactivity. Without limitation of our other rights, We reserve the right to delete all Your User Content from the Grindr Services upon any termination or cancellation of Your User Account. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of Your use of the Grindr Services may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Grindr may have at law or in equity.
If You believe that Grindr has suspended or terminated Your User Account in error, You may contact Us at help@grindr.com at any time.
USER CONTENT.
The Grindr Services allow the submission of content and materials (such as pictures, ideas, notes, concepts, or creative suggestions) by You and other Users to Grindr and other Users (“User Content”), and the hosting, sharing and/or publishing of such User Content with Grindr and other Users.
You are solely responsible for Your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Content, You affirm, represent, and warrant that: (i) You own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use, and authorize Grindr to use, all intellectual property and any other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Content to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner contemplated by the Grindr Services and this Agreement; and (ii) You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner contemplated by the Grindr Services and this Agreement. For clarity, You shall retain all of Your ownership rights in Your User Content.
You understand that when using the Grindr Services, You will be exposed to User Contents from a variety of sources, and that Grindr is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Content. You further understand and acknowledge that You may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent or objectionable.
Grindr assumes no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from User Content. Grindr assumes no responsibility for actively monitoring User Content for inappropriate content. If at any time Grindr chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor User Content, Grindr nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the content of the User Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate User Content, and no responsibility for the conduct of the User submitting User Content. Further, Grindr does not endorse and has no control over the content of User Content submitted by other Users. Grindr makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content of User Content or the accuracy and reliability of any User Content. Nonetheless, Grindr reserves the right to prevent You from submitting User Content and to edit, restrict or remove User Content for any reason at any time.
User Content is owned by the User who submitted them, subject to Grindr’s license to such User Content under this Agreement. You may not share, display or duplicate the User Content of any other party, except as permitted under this Agreement.
You hereby grant, and You represent and warrant that You have the right to grant, to Grindr an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit Your User Content, (through unlimited tiers of sublicenses), solely for the purposes of including Your User Content in the Grindr Services and as otherwise permitted by this Agreement. You agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your User Content. You also hereby grant to Grindr, in connection with a sale of Grindr or the assets of Grindr, the right to sell or transfer the User Content to a third party. Please see Our Privacy Policy for additional information about the use, collection, or sharing of Your information, including User Content.
If You provide Grindr with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Grindr Services (“Feedback”), You hereby assign to Grindr all rights in the Feedback and agree that Grindr shall have the right to use such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Grindr will treat any Feedback You provide to Grindr as non-confidential and non-proprietary to You. Grindr will have no obligation under any circumstances to compensate You for any Feedback. You agree that You will not submit to Grindr any information or ideas that You consider to be confidential or proprietary, or for which You expect to be compensated.
THIRD-PARTY SITES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES; LINKS.
The Grindr Services may include links to other web sites or services, whether through advertising or otherwise, (“Third-Party Websites”) solely as a convenience to Users. Grindr does not endorse any such linked sites or the information, material, products or services contained on other linked sites or accessible through other linked sites. Furthermore, Grindr makes no express or implied warranties with regard to the information, material, products or services that are contained on or accessible through linked sites. Access and use of linked sites, including information, material, products and services on linked sites or available through linked sites is solely at Your own risk. We do not control these Third-Party Websites and this Agreement does not apply to companies that Grindr does not own or control, or to the actions of people that Grindr does not employ or manage. You should always check the terms of use posted on Third-Party Websites.
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Grindr Services are solely between You and such advertiser. You agree that Grindr will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Grindr Services.
Parties other than Grindr may provide services or sell products via the Grindr Services. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and We do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or the content of their product and service offerings. Grindr does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review the third parties’ privacy statements and other terms and conditions of use.
By Your use of third-party applications that connect with the Grindr Services (“Third-Party Applications”), You acknowledge and agree that Grindr may transmit User Content to Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications through application protocol interfaces developed and maintained by those Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications. Grindr is not responsible for the transmission of the User Content from the Grindr Services to Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications, nor the use of the User Content on any Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications. You should review the terms of service and privacy policies of any Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications. Grindr is not responsible for and does not endorse any features, content, or other materials on or available from Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications. Grindr also does not screen, audit, or endorse Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications. Accordingly, if You decide to access Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications, You do so at Your own risk and agree that Your use of any Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications is on an “as-is” basis without any warranty as to the Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications’ actions, and that this Agreement does not apply to Your use of any Third-Party Sites or Third-Party Applications.
You acknowledge and agree that Grindr may incorporate Your User Content and location information for User Accounts from the Grindr Services with third-party information sources and third-party applications in the provisioning of the Grindr Services.
ADVERTISING. Grindr and its licensees may publicly display advertisements and other information adjacent to Your Content. You are not entitled to any compensation for such advertisements. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising are subject to change without specific notice or Our being liable to You.
END USER LICENSES.
Mobile Device. To use the Grindr Software You must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Grindr Services. Grindr does not warrant that the Grindr Services will be compatible with Your mobile device. You are responsible for any mobile charges that You may incur for using the Grindr Services, including text-messaging, roaming charges, and data charges. If You are unsure about the charges that will apply, please contact Your mobile service provider before using the Grindr Services.
License Grant. Subject to Your compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Grindr hereby grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to (i) use a compiled code copy of the Grindr Software for Your Account on a mobile device owned or leased solely by You, for Your personal, noncommercial use and (ii) use the Grindr Services (other than the Grindr Software) for Your personal, noncommercial use.
Restrictions. You may NOT: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Grindr Services, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Grindr Services to any third party or use the Grindr Services to provide time sharing or similar services for any third party; (iii) make any copies of the Grindr Services; (iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Grindr Services, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Grindr Services, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Grindr Services; or (v) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Grindr Services.
Upgrades. You acknowledge that Grindr may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Grindr Services, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Grindr Services that You are using on Your mobile device or otherwise. You consent to such automatic upgrading on Your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades. You agree that Grindr will not be liable to You for any such modifications.
Open Source. With respect to any open source or third-party code that may be incorporated in the Grindr Services, such open source code is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code. Nothing in this Agreement limits Your rights under, or grants You rights that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license for such open source software. Please contact us at legal@grindr.com (with “Open Source” in the email subject line) for more information.
Rights Reserved. The foregoing license granted under this Agreement is not a sale of the Grindr Services or any copy thereof and Grindr or its third-party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Grindr Services (and any copy thereof). Any attempt by You to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void. Grindr reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement.
Trademarks, Service Marks and Logos. The names and logos associated with the Grindr Services are the property of Grindr. No use of these marks is permitted except through the prior written authorization and permission of Grindr. All rights reserved.
Government End Users. The Grindr Services are intended for the use by individuals, not government entities. If Grindr authorizes the use of the Grindr Services on behalf of the United States Government or the United States Government uses the Grindr Service without authorization, then use, duplication, display, modification, reproduction, release, performance, distribution and disclosure of the Grindr Services (or portion thereof) by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions set forth in this Agreement and as provided in DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988), FAR 12.212(a) (1995), FAR 52.227-19, or FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as applicable. Otherwise, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise will give a government user rights to the Grindr Services broader than those set forth in this Agreement.
Export Control. The Grindr Services originate in the United States and are subject to United States export laws and regulations. The Grindr Services may not be exported or re-exported by You to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the United States. In addition, the Grindr Services may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries. You agree to comply with all United States and foreign laws related to use of the Grindr Services.
App Stores. You acknowledge and agree that the availability of the Grindr Services is dependent on the third party from which You received the Grindr Services, e.g., the Android Market or Apple app store (each, an “App Store”). You acknowledge that this Agreement is between You and Grindr and not with the App Store. Each App Store may have its own terms and conditions to which You must agree before downloading the Grindr Services from it. You agree to comply with, and Your license to use the Grindr Services is conditioned upon Your compliance with, all applicable terms and conditions of the applicable App Store.
OUR DISCLAIMERS; NO WARRANTIES TO YOU.
THE GRINDR SERVICES AND ANY SOFTWARE, SERVICES, OR APPLICATIONS MADE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE GRINDR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE”, AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. GRINDR, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.
GRINDR AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE GRINDR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE GRINDR SERVICES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
GRINDR AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS (INCLUDING GRINDR’S THIRD-PARTY WIRELESS CARRIER PARTNERS) DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF ANY LOCATION INFORMATION OR THE OTHER GRINDR SERVICES IN TERMS OF SECURITY, SAFETY, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT GRINDR OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR PARTNERS) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT NECESSARY TO ACCESS THE GRINDR SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIAL OR DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.
CERTAIN STATE, PROVINCIAL, AND NATIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
YOUR INDEMNIFICATION OF US; YOU HOLD HARMLESS GRINDR. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Grindr (and its affiliated companies, contractors, employees, agents, and suppliers and partners) harmless from any and all claims, suits, actions, losses, costs, damages, and any other liabilities, including attorneys’ fees, brought by a third party arising out of or related to (a) Your use or misuse of any location information or the other Grindr Services generally, (b) any violation of the rights of any other person or entity by You, (c)any alleged breach or violation by You of this Agreement, or (d) Your use of the Grindr Services to meet another User in person or to locate and attend any offline place or event. Grindr reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify Us, and You agree to cooperate with Our defense of these claims. This defense and indemnification obligation is intended to extend to the fullest extent permitted by law and will survive this Agreement and Your use of the Grindr Services.
LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY AND OF YOUR DAMAGES.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WILL GRINDR (WHICH INCLUDES, FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION 18, ITS AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR THIRD-PARTY PARTNERS OR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, RELIANCE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES RELATED TO OR RESULTING FROM: (A) YOUR USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES; (B) OUR DISCLOSURE, DISPLAY, OR MAINTENANCE OF YOUR LOCATION INFORMATION; (C) YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE GRINDR SERVICES; (D) THE GRINDR SERVICES GENERALLY (INCLUDING THE GRINDR SOFTWARE) OR SYSTEMS THAT MAKE THE GRINDR SERVICES AVAILABLE; OR (E) ANY OTHER INTERACTIONS WITH GRINDR OR ANY OTHER USER OF THE GRINDR SERVICES, EVEN IF GRINDR OR A GRINDR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL GRINDR’S (OR ITS AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR THIRD-PARTY PARTNERS OR SUPPLIERS) TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE GRINDR SERVICES (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU FOR ACCESSING THE GRINDR SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF YOUR CLAIM OR FIFTY DOLLARS, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. THIS SECTION 18.2 IS NOT INTENDED TO EXCLUDE LIABILITY THAT GRINDR MAY NOT EXCLUDE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THE BENEFIT OF THE BARGAIN WITH GRINDR. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT GRINDR HAS OFFERED THE GRINDR SERVICES, SET ITS PRICES, AND ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT IN RELIANCE UPON THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH ABOVE. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT REFLECT A REASONABLE AND FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN YOU AND GRINDR, AND THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND GRINDR. GRINDR WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE GRINDR SERVICES TO YOU ON AN ECONOMICALLY REASONABLE BASIS WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS.
YOU RELEASE US. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, You hereby release and forever discharge Us (and Our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, emotional distress, identity theft, death, and property loss and damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or relates directly or indirectly to, (1) any interactions with, or act or omission of, or User Content provided by, other Grindr Services Users or (2) any third-party site, products, services, and links included on or accessed through the Grindr Service. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
RESOLVING OUR DISPUTES. You and Grindr agree that any dispute that has arisen or may arise between us relating in any way to Your use of or access to the Grindr Services, any validity, interpretation, breach, enforcement, or termination of this Agreement, or otherwise relating to Grindr in any way (collectively, “Covered Dispute Matters”) will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 21.
Informal Resolution. If You have any dispute with Us, You and We agree that before taking any formal action, You will contact Us at legal@grindr.com, provide a brief, written description of the dispute and Your contact information (including Your email address associated with Your User Account, if Your dispute relates to an account) and allow sixty (60) days to pass, during which We will attempt to reach an amicable resolution of any issue with You.
Applicable Law. You and We agree that United States federal law including the Federal Arbitration Act, and (to the extent not inconsistent with or pre-empted by federal law) the laws of the State of California, USA, without regard to conflict of laws principles, will govern all Covered Dispute Matters. Such body of law will apply regardless of Your residence or the location of where You use the Grindr Services.
Our Arbitration. You and We agree that this Agreement and each of its parts evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce, and the Federal Arbitration Act applies in all cases and governs the interpretation and enforcement of the arbitration rules and arbitration proceedings. Any Covered Dispute Matter must be asserted individually in binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with its Consumer Arbitration Rules (including utilizing desk, phone or video conference proceedings where appropriate and permitted to mitigate costs of travel). You and We agree that the arbitrator shall not conduct any form of class or collective arbitration nor join or consolidate claims by or for individuals. You and We agree that the arbitrator, and not any federal, international, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable or a particular claim is subject to arbitration. You and We agree that judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
The Arbitrator’s Award to You or Us. You and We agree that for matters where the relief sought is over $5,000, the arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same Grindr User to the extent required by applicable law. You and We agree that the arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. YOU AND WE AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S), FOR EXAMPLE YOUR CLAIMS. ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER USERS.
Exceptions To Our Agreement To Arbitrate Disputes. There are only two exceptions to this agreement to arbitrate:
First, if either party reasonably believes that the other party has in any manner violated or threatened to infringe the intellectual property rights of the other party, the party whose rights have been violated may seek injunctive or other appropriate interim relief in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Second, each party will retain the right to seek relief in a small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of the jurisdiction of such courts.
Who Bears the Costs of Arbitration. You and We agree that payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules, unless otherwise stated in this agreement to arbitrate. If the value of the relief sought is $5,000 or less, at Your written request, Grindr will reimburse You for the filing, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration following the earlier of the arbitrator’s decision or settlement, provided that You make your request no more than thirty (30) days following the earlier of such decision or settlement. In the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s) You assert in the arbitration to be frivolous or without merit, You agree that Grindr is relieved of its obligation to reimburse You for any fees associated with the arbitration.
Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, You and We agree that if We make any amendment to this agreement to arbitrate in the future, that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against Grindr prior to the effective date of the amendment. However, the amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the agreement to arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between You and Grindr. If You do not agree to these amended terms, You may close Your account within thirty (30) days of the posting or notification and You will not be bound by the amended terms.
Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes. Unless You and We agree otherwise and except as described in Section 21.5.2 (Small Claims Court), in the event that the agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to You or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of Your decision to opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, or because you are an international user to which this agreement to arbitrate does not apply, You agree (except as otherwise provided by law) that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between You and Grindr must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Los Angeles County, California. You and Grindr agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Los Angeles County, California for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
YOU MAY OPT-OUT OF ARBITRATION. IF YOU ARE A NEW GRINDR USER, YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE PROVISION (“OPT-OUT”) BY EMAILING US AN OPT-OUT NOTICE TO ARBITRATIONOPTOUT@GRINDR.COM (“OPT-OUT NOTICE”) OR REGULAR MAIL TO: Grindr LLC, PO Box 69176, West Hollywood, CA 90069. THE OPT-OUT NOTICE MUST BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE FIRST TIME. IF YOU ARE NOT A NEW GRINDR USER, YOU HAVE UNTIL THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE POSTING OF THE NEW TERMS TO SUBMIT AN ARBITRATION OPT-OUT NOTICE.
Arbitration Opt-Out Procedure. In order to opt-out, You must email Your name, address (including street address, city, state, and zip code), email address(es) associated with Your Account(s) to which the opt-out applies, and an unaltered digital image of Your valid driver’s license to: arbitrationoptout@grindr.com. This procedure is the only way You can opt out of the agreement to arbitrate. If You opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, all other parts of this Agreement and this Disputes Section (including Sections 19 (You Acknowledge the Benefit of the Bargain with Grindr) and 14 through 18 (14 -Advertising; 15 – End User Licenses; 16 – Our Disclaimers; 17 – No Warranties to You, and 18 – Limitation of our Liability and of Your Damages)) will continue to apply to You. Opting out of this agreement to arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements that You may have with Us.
YOU WAIVE CERTAIN RIGHTS. BY AGREEING TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE (i) TO A COURT TRIAL (OTHER THAN SMALL CLAIMS COURT AS PROVIDED ABOVE), (ii) TO SERVE AS A REPRESENTATIVE, AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS, IN ANY LAWSUIT, ARBITRATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING FILED AGAINST US AND/OR RELATED THIRD PARTIES, AND (iii) TO A TRIAL BY JURY EVEN IF ANY ARBITRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR YOUR CLAIMS. REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES, OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED.
NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN POLICY.
Grindr respects intellectual property rights and expects its Users to do the same. Grindr will promptly terminate without notice the accounts of Users that are determined by Grindr to be “repeat infringers.” A repeat infringer is a User who has been notified by Grindr of infringing activity violations more than twice and/or who has had a User Content removed from the Grindr Services more than twice. (Note that we reserve the right to terminate accounts for a single infringement as well pursuant to Section 8.3.)
If You are a copyright owner or an agent thereof, and You believe that any content hosted on any Grindr Services infringes Your copyrights, then You may submit a notification by providing Grindr’s Designated Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the applicable Grindr Services are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works on the applicable Grindr Services;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Grindr to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Grindr to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (for example, “I am under the good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted content that is identified herein is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.”); and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed (for example, “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner, of the copyright(s) that is allegedly infringed by the aforementioned content.”).
Grindr’s Designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement can be reached as follows:

Grindr LLC

Attention: Copyright Agent

P.O. Box 69176

West Hollywood, CA 90069

Telephone: (310) 776-6680

Email: help@grindr.com


For clarity, only notices under this Section should go to the Grindr Designated Copyright Agent. You acknowledge that if You fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section 22, Your DMCA notice may not be valid. Please note that under Section 512(f) of the US Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.


APPLE APP STORE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS. The following additional terms and conditions apply to You if You are using Grindr Software from the Apple App Store. To the extent the other terms and conditions of this Agreement are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this Section 23, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this Section 23 apply, but solely with respect to Grindr Software from the Apple App Store:
Acknowledgement. Grindr and You acknowledge that this Agreement is concluded between Grindr and You only, and not with Apple, and that Grindr, not Apple, is solely responsible for Grindr Software and the content thereof. To the extent this Agreement provides for usage rules for Grindr Software that are less restrictive than the Usage Rules set forth for Grindr Software in, or otherwise is in conflict with, the Apple App Store Terms of Service, the more restrictive or conflicting Apple term applies.
Scope of License. The license granted to You for Grindr Software is limited to a non-transferable license to use Grindr Software on an iOS product that You own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
Maintenance and Support. Grindr is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to Grindr Software, as specified in this Agreement (if any), or as required under applicable law. Grindr and You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to Grindr Software.
Warranty. Grindr is solely responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed. In the event of any failure of Grindr Software to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for Grindr Software to You; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to Grindr Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be Grindr’s sole responsibility.
Product Claims. Grindr and You acknowledge that Grindr, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of You or any third party relating to Grindr Software or Your possession and/or use of Grindr Software, including: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that Grindr Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. This Agreement does not limit Grindr’s liability to You beyond what is permitted by applicable law.
Intellectual Property Rights. Grindr and You acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that Grindr Software or Your possession and use of Grindr Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Grindr, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
Legal Compliance. You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii)You are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Developer Name and Address. Grindr’s contact information for any end-user questions, complaints or claims with respect to Grindr Software is set forth in Section 25.7 below.
Third-Party Terms of Agreement. You must comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using Grindr Software.
Third-Party Beneficiary. Grindr and You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that, upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
SPECIAL STATE TERMS REGARDING YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL. The following provisions are added to this Agreement for paid subscription Users residing in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Rhode Island, Wisconsin, or any other state with laws which may require notice of cancellation rights: You, the buyer, may cancel this Agreement, without any penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the original contract seller’s third business day following the date of this contract, excluding Sundays and holidays. To cancel this Agreement, mail or deliver a signed and dated notice, or send a telegram which states that You, the buyer, are canceling this Agreement, or words of similar effect. This notice shall be sent to:

Grindr LLC

P.O. Box 69176

West Hollywood, CA 90069


In the event that You die before the end of Your paid subscription period, Your estate shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment You had made for Your paid subscription which is allocable to the period after Your death. In the event that You become disabled (such that You are unable to use the paid subscription and the condition is verified in writing by a physician) before the end of Your paid subscription period, You shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment You had made for Your subscription which is allocable to the period after Your disability, by providing Grindr notice at the same address as listed above.


MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.
Severability, Waiver of Agreement Provisions. You and We agree that if any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. A provision of this Agreement may be waived only by a written instrument executed by the party entitled to the benefit of such provision. The failure of any party at any time to require performance of any provision of this Agreement shall in no manner affect such party’s right at a later time to enforce the same. A waiver of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a continuing waiver of other breaches of the same or other provisions of this Agreement.
Notices. Grindr may provide You with notices, including those regarding changes to this Agreement, by email or postings on the Grindr Services. You hereby consent to the use of electronic communications.
You May Not Assign, But Grindr May. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by You. However, Grindr may at any time and for any reason transfer or assign without restriction this Agreement and the obligations contained in the Agreement to a third party. You hereby acknowledge and agree that if another company acquires Our company, business, or Our assets, that transaction may include a sale or transfer of Your User Content, and You agree to such transfer without further action or confirmation.
Survival of Provisions. The following Sections will survive any termination of this Agreement or any termination of Your use of or subscription to the Grindr Services: 1-3, 4.3, 4.4, 5-7, 9.6, 9.7, 10, 12-14, 15 (excluding 15.2), 16-23, and 25.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
Headings; Entire Agreement. The heading references herein are for convenience purposes only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The word “including” means “including without limitation.” This Agreement is the entire agreement between You and Us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, agreed to by both parties.
Our Disclosures; Your Inquiries. The services hereunder are offered by Grindr LLC, PO Box 69176, West Hollywood, CA 90069. General Inquiries: help@grindr.com.

Special Terms for International Users


EUROPEAN UNION AND UNITED KINGDOM. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are an EU or UK resident to the extent required by applicable law:
Cancellation within 14-day cancellation period. You have the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services within fourteen (14) days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire after fourteen (14) days from Your purchase of the Grindr Premium Services. If You have benefitted from a free trial, the cancellation period will expire fourteen (14) days from the beginning of Your free trial. To exercise the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services during the fourteen (14) day cancellation period, You must inform Us at help@grindr.com of Your decision to cancel by a clear statement. You may use the Model Withdrawal Form found in Annex I(B) of the Directive on Consumer Rights. We will communicate to You an acknowledgment of receipt of such cancellation by email without delay. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for You to send Your communication concerning Your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired. There are no separate cancellation fees but there are no refunds except as provided herein. We will refund You a pro-rata amount of the Premium fee for the unused period of Your Premium Services. You will still be required to pay a Premium Service fee for the period of Your Premium Services until You communicated to Us Your cancellation, (excluding any free trial period where no payment was taken) and We will therefore not refund You for that portion of Your Premium Services. We will make the refund without undue delay and not later than fourteen (14) days after the day on which We are informed about Your decision to cancel Your Premium Services. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
Exceptions to Liability Limitations. Nothing in this Agreement excludes or limits Grindr’s (or its affiliated companies’, contractors’, subcontractors’, directors’, officers’, employees’, agents’, third party suppliers’ or partners’) liability for death or personal injury arising from Our negligence, or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.
ARBITRATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN UNION OR THE UNITED KINGDOM AND SUBJECT TO THE ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION DIRECTIVE (2013/11/EU) AND THE ONLINE DISPUTE RESOLUTION REGULATION (EU 524/2013) (AND ANY IMPLEMENTING REGULATIONS IN EACH MEMBER STATE OF THE EU), THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IN SECTION 21 WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 21.8 (JUDICIAL FORUM FOR LEGAL DISPUTES) WILL APPLY, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW. PLEASE READ SECTION 21.8 CAREFULLY. The European Commission Online Dispute Resolution Platform is available at the following link ODR Platform.
No Prejudice to Consumer Law. As a consumer, You will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which You are resident. Nothing in these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, Section 21, affects Your rights as a consumer to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.
Local Jurisdiction. The local law of your jurisdiction may entitle you to have a dispute relating to this Agreement heard by your local courts, regardless of the terms of Section 21, in which we agree that all disputes not subject to the terms of Section 21 will be heard in courts located Los Angeles, California, USA. This Agreement does not limit any such rights that you have that apply regardless of the terms of an agreement that You have entered into. But by entering into this Agreement or otherwise, Grindr does not consent to the jurisdiction of any courts other than those referenced in Section 21 and reserves the right to contest that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of any other court.
SPAIN. In addition to the terms set forth above for EU residents, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, the following terms apply to You if You are a Spanish resident to the extent required by applicable law:
Language. The Spanish version of this Agreement will control.
Modifications. Grindr will inform you of any relevant modification of the Services and/or Guidelines as well as of any changes to these terms and conditions.
Renewals. Grindr (either directly or through an App Store) will provide you advance notice of the renewal date of the Premium Services subscription and of the trial subscription before charging your credit or debit card.
Moral Rights. Your moral rights over Your User Content will not be assigned or waived.
PORTUGAL. In addition to the terms set forth above for EU residents, the following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are a Portuguese resident to the extent required by applicable law:
Language. The Portuguese version of this Agreement will control.
Modifications. Grindr will inform you of any relevant modification of the Services and/or Guidelines as well as of any changes to these terms and conditions.
Renewals. Grindr (either directly or through an App Store) will provide you advance notice of the renewal date of the Premium Services subscription and of the trial subscription before charging your credit or debit card.
Moral Rights. Your moral rights over Your User Content will not be assigned or waived.
GERMANY. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are an German resident to the extent required by applicable law:
Consent to Deletion of Data. You understand that through Your use of the Grindr Services, You consent to the deletion of Your data, (e.g. Your chat messages) to other users as soon as they are delivered.
Liability Limitations. The following applies in lieu of any conflicting or inconsistent language in the Terms:
Wir sind ausschließlich wie folgt haftbar: Wir haften unbeschränkt gemäß den gesetzlichen Bestimmungen (i) für Schäden die aus der Verletzung von Leben, Körper oder Gesundheit entstehen; (ii) bei Vorsatz; (iii) bei grober Fahrlässigkeit; und (iv) gemäß dem Produkthaftungsgesetz. Ohne dass dies das Vorstehende einschränkt haften wir für leichte Fahrlässigkeit nur im Falle der Verletzung einer „wesentlichen“ Pflicht aus diesem Vertrag. „Wesentliche“ Pflichten in diesem Sinne sind Pflichten, die für die Erfüllung des Vertrags nötig sind, deren Verletzung die Erreichung des Vertragszwecks in Frage stellen würde, und auf deren Einhaltung Du daher regelmäßig vertrauen darfst. In diesen Fällen ist die Haftung beschränkt auf vertragstypische und vorhersehbare Schäden; in sonstigen Fällen besteht keine Haftung für leichte Fahrlässigkeit.
Soweit die Haftung von Grindr nach den vorstehenden Vorschriften ausgeschlossen oder beschränkt ist, gilt dies auch für die Haftung von Grindr für seine gesetzlichen Vertreter, Mitarbeiter und Erfüllungsgehilfen.
Diese Haftungsbegrenzungen bleibt über das Ende des Vertragsverhältnisses mit Dir und Grindr sowie über die Dauer Deiner Nutzung der Grindr Services hinaus wirksam.
Price Increases. Notwithstanding Section 6, we will only increase prices and modify the Service as permitted by German law.
No Indemnity. Section 17 does not apply to you.
Termination. Grindr may only terminate your account if you breach this Agreement or violate the law. Grindr will issue any refunds required by German law in the event of termination. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
Moral Rights. Your moral rights over Your User Content will not be assigned or waived.
CANADA. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are an Canadian resident to the extent required by applicable law:
Dispute Resolution. Sections 3-21.7 (Arbitration) and/or 21.11 (Class Action Waiver) will not apply to you if any such provision is unenforceable under the laws of your Province of residence. Section 21.8 will continue to apply in all such cases.
Cancellation Rights. Residents of certain Provinces may have the right to cancel Premium Services as required by local law. Grindr will honor such cancellation rights.
AUSTRALIA. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are an Australian resident to the extent required by applicable law:
Transmission of Personal Information Overseas. In consenting to the transfer to and processing of Your data in the United States of America and any other jurisdiction throughout the world, You acknowledge that other jurisdictions (including the United States of America) may not have privacy protections equivalent to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). You may not have a remedy against Grindr as neither the Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 nor Section 16C of the Privacy Act will apply.
Reverse Engineering. The restriction on the modification, disassembly, decompilation or reverse engineering of the Grindr Services is subject to Your rights under Part III Div 4A (“Acts not constituting infringement of copyright in computer programs”) of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth).
Consumer Guarantees. Grindr’s liability for failure to comply with any applicable consumer guarantee arising under Part 3-2 Div 1 of the Australian Consumer Law is limited to:
in the case of goods supplied to You, the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods (or the payment of the cost to You of the replacement or supply), or the repair of the goods (or the payment of the cost to You of the repair); and
in the case of services supplied to You, the supply of the services again or the payment of the cost to You of having the services supplied again.
ARGENTINA. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are an Argentine resident to the extent required by applicable law:
Cancellation Within 10-day Cancellation Period. You have the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services within ten (10) days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire after ten (10) days from Your purchase of the Grindr Premium Services. If You have benefitted from a free trial, the cancellation period will expire ten (10) days from the beginning of Your free trial. To exercise the right to cancel Your Grindr Premium Services during the ten (10) day cancellation period, You must inform Us at help@grindr.com of Your decision to cancel by a clear statement. We will communicate to You an acknowledgment of receipt of such cancellation by email without delay. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for You to send Your communication concerning Your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired. There are no separate cancellation fees but there are no refunds except as provided herein. We will refund You a pro-rata amount of the Premium Services fee for the unused period of Your Premium Services. You will still be required to pay a Premium Service fee for the period of Your Premium Services until You communicated to Us Your cancellation (excluding any free trial period where no payment was taken), and We will therefore not refund You for that portion of Your Premium Services. We will make the refund without undue delay. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
Notice and Takedown Policy. If You are a resident of Argentina, the notice and takedown policy in section 22 will not apply to You. Instead, in case You believe that any content hosted on any Grindr Service produces damage to You and could be considered as manifestly illegal, then You may submit a notification to Grindr indicating the content in question and providing documentation that proves Your identity as well as detailing the damage caused by the content. Grindr will analyze the claim and if the content is manifestly illegal (i.e. child pornography, data that facilities the commission of a crime, crime or racism references, etc.), then Grindr will proceed with its takedown. Any other content that causes damage but cannot be considered as manifestly illegal shall not be taken down by Grindr unless You provide a judicial notification ordering the takedown of the content in question. Notifications of any sort for these purposes shall be delivered to legal@grindr.com.
BRAZIL. The following terms apply to You, and supersede conflicting terms in this Agreement, if You are a Brazilian resident to the extent required by applicable law:
Right of Regret. You have the right to cancel Your Grindr Services within seven (7) calendar days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire after seven (7) calendar days from Your purchase of the Grindr Services. To exercise the right to cancel Your Grindr Services during the seven (7) day cancellation period, You must inform Us at legal@grindr.com of Your decision to cancel by a clear statement. We will communicate to You an acknowledgment of receipt of such cancellation by email without delay. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for You to send Your communication concerning Your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired. We will refund any and all amount paid by You. We will make the refund without undue delay and within the shortest timeframe possible after the day on which We are informed about Your decision to cancel. We will issue the refund using the same means of payment as You used for the initial transaction, unless You have expressly agreed otherwise.
Arbitration Will Not Apply to You. Any dispute procedure deriving from this Agreement will be resolved by a competent Court of the relevant User’s address.
Notice to Remove Sensitive or Private Content. In case of any unauthorized disclosure of Your images, videos, pictures or any other material of Yours containing nudity or sexual private content, Grindr undertakes to take all necessary measures, to the extent applicable to Our technical services, in order to remove the referred content in a diligent manner and in the shortest timeframe possible, provided that You notify Us of the relevant infringement by identifying and specifying the infringing content. Also, in the event You are exposed to inaccurate, offensive, indecent or objectionable content of other Users, You may notify Us of such content, so that We may take the appropriate measures in order to remove it, to the extent applicable.
Application of Brazilian Law. You and We agree that Brazilian Law will also apply to this Agreement, especially with respect to rights of privacy, protection of personal data, and secrecy of private communications and of logs. You and We agree to comply with all applicable Brazilian law.
Retention of Records of Your Account. We will keep the application logs under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for six (6) months from Your subscription date, pursuant to applicable Brazilian Law.We reserve the right to disclose the application logs and/or any other records of your account, including private communications, in order to comply with court orders.
Charge of Fees. Anytime that We decide to charge You for a portion or for the whole of Grindr Services, a message will be displayed on your mobile screen, so that You may either (i) approve the relevant service and corresponding fees, in which case You will be requested to provide your credit card details; or (ii) deny the relevant service and continue using the portion of the Grindr Services that is free of charge.
Limitation of Liability. The provisions related to limitation of liability established under this Agreement may, as a general rule, not apply to You, as the obligation to indemnify is a rule of public order in Brazil. You and We are aware that Brazilian law does not allow indemnification for indirect damages, but solely the effective losses and the loss of profits directly and immediately caused by it.
Statute of Limitations for Your Claims. The provisions of this Agreement related to statute of limitations may not apply to you, if the applicable Brazilian law establishes a different or specific statute of limitations for a certain claim. In this case, You will be subject to the specific statute of limitations stipulated under the applicable Brazilian law.
Modifications to this Agreement. We reserve the right to modify, at Our sole discretion, any of the provisions contemplated in this Agreement at any time and for any reason whatsoever, regardless of Your previous approval. You will be notified of such modifications.


Effective Date: The earlier of July 1, 2018, or user acceptance.


Terms of Use
By entering your email, logging into your account, or accepting notifications, you agree to receive personalized Groupon deals each day. You may unsubscribe at any time.

Welcome to the Groupon Site (defined below). By using it, you are agreeing to these Terms of Use (defined below). Please read them carefully. If you have any questions, contact us here.

These Terms of Use were last updated on October 15, 2018.

ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS OF USE
Groupon, Inc. (“Groupon” "we" or “us” or “our”) owns and operates the website, www.groupon.com, the mobile and touch versions and any sites we have now or in the future that reference these Terms of Use (collectively, "Site"). By (a) using the Site and Groupon’s services through the Site, (b) signing up for an account and/or (c) completing a purchase on the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use (defined below) and any additional terms applicable to certain programs in which you may elect to participate. You also agree to our Privacy Statement, incorporated herein by reference and located at http://www.groupon.com/privacy ("Privacy Statement"), and acknowledge that you will regularly visit the Terms of Use (defined below) to familiarize yourself with any updates. The Privacy Statement, together with these terms of use, and any other terms contained herein or incorporated herein by reference, are collectively referred to as the "Terms of Use." The term "using" also includes any person or entity that accesses or uses the Site with crawlers, robots, data mining, or extraction tools or any other functionality.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, IMMEDIATELY STOP USING THE SITE AND DO NOT USE ANY GROUPON SERVICE, PARTICIPATE IN ANY PROGRAM OR PURCHASE ANY VOUCHER, PRODUCT OR OTHER GOOD OR SERVICE OFFERED THROUGH THE SITE.

PLEASE REVIEW THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY: (A) DISPUTE RESOLUTION/ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED THEREIN, (B) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND (C) INDEMNIFICATION/RELEASE.

These Terms of Use are organized as follows:
About the Site
Ownership of the Site
Use of the Site
Access to the Site
Modification
Your Account
Your Conduct
Your Privacy
Terms of Sale
Special Programs
Groupon Reserve
Groupon Bucks
Trade-In Program
Refer-A-Friend
Coupons
Groupon+ Deals
Copyright and Trademarks
User Content
Unsolicited Ideas
Copyright Policy and Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Procedures
Disclaimer of Warranty
Limitation of Liability
Electronic Communications
Websites of Others
Indemnification/Release
Force Majeure
Assignment
Entire Agreement
Choice of Law
Dispute Resolution
License to Sell Travel Services
Additional Disclosures
1. About the Site
The Site is a platform through which certain merchants (“Merchants”) (a) sell vouchers for goods, services, or experiences (“Vouchers”), (b) sell travel goods and services (“Getaways”), sell gift cards (“Merchant Gift Cards”), (c) sell goods and services directly to you (“Merchant Products”), (d) make available coupons, promotional codes, giveaways, samples, and offers for software downloads (“Coupons”), (e) sell dining experiences for specific dates and times ("Reservations"), (f) sell food, beverage and other products for delivery and takeout (“Online Ordering”), (g) make available certain offers, including “card linked deals” (as defined in the Special Programs section of the Terms of Use), and (h) sell salon and spa services for specific dates and times (“Salon and Spa Bookings”) (collectively (a)-(h),“Merchant Offerings”). Merchants are the sellers and issuers of the Merchant Offerings and are solely responsible to you for the care, quality, and delivery of the goods and services provided. Vouchers may be distributed by Groupon Merchant Services, LLC (“GMS”) or Groupon. More information about the distributor of a particular Voucher is available upon request. Groupon is not an agent of GMS or Merchants. GMS is not an agent of Groupon or Merchants.

In addition, the Site also provides a platform through which you can purchase products from Groupon (“Products”) and participate in other available programs.

Certain Merchant Offerings, Products, other available programs and pricing on the Site may change at any time in Groupon’s sole discretion, without notice.

2. Ownership of the Site
The Site, any content on the Site, and the infrastructure used to provide the Site are proprietary to us, our affiliates, Merchants, and other content providers. By using the Site and accepting these Terms of Use: (a) Groupon grants you a limited, personal, nontransferable, nonexclusive, revocable license to use the Site pursuant to these Terms of Use and to any additional terms and policies set forth by Groupon; and (b) you agree not to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works from, publicly display, publicly perform, license, sell, or re-sell any content, software, products, or services obtained from or through the Site without the express permission of Groupon.

3. Use of the Site
As a condition of your use of the Site, you agree that:

You have reached the age of majority in the state or province in which you reside;
You are able to create a binding legal obligation;
You are not barred from receiving products or services under applicable law;
You will not attempt to use the Site with crawlers, robots, data mining, or extraction tools or any other functionality;
Your use of the Site will at all times comply with these Terms of Use;
You will only make legitimate purchases that comply with the letter and spirit of the terms of the respective offers;
You will only make purchases on the Site for your own use and enjoyment or as a gift for another person;
You have the right to provide any and all information you submit to the Site, and all such information is accurate, true, current, and complete;
You will update and correct information you have submitted to the Site and ensure that it is accurate at all times (out-of-date information will invalidate your account); and,
You will only purchase a Merchant Offering, Product, or participate in other available programs through the Site by creating an account on the Site, and any purchase will be subject to the applicable Terms of Sale set forth in these Terms of Use.
4. Access to the Site
Groupon retains the right, at our sole discretion, to deny service or use of the Site or an account to anyone at any time and for any reason. While we use reasonable efforts to keep the Site and your account accessible, the Site and/or your account may be unavailable from time to time. You understand and agree that there may be interruptions in service or events, Site access, or access to your account due to circumstances both within our control (e.g., routine maintenance) and outside of our control.

5. Modification
We reserve the right at all times to discontinue or modify any part of these Terms of Use in our sole discretion. If we make changes that affect your use of the Site or our services we will post notice of the change on the Terms of Use page. Any changes to these Terms of Use will be effective upon our posting of the notice; provided that these changes will be prospective only and not retroactive. If you do not agree to the changes, you may close your account and you should not use the Site or any services offered through the Site after the effective date of the changes. We suggest that you revisit our Terms of Use regularly to ensure that you stay informed of any changes. You agree that posting notice of any changes on the Terms of Use page is adequate notice to advise you of these changes, and that your continued use of the Site or our services will constitute acceptance of these changes and the Terms of Use as modified.

6. Your Account
You may only create and hold one account on the Site for your personal use and must register using a valid credit card. You are responsible for updating and correcting information you have submitted to create or maintain your account. As part of your account settings, you have the option to: (a) save, edit, or delete your personal information, including, without limitation, a valid credit card; and (b) opt-out of persistent login. You understand and agree that Groupon shall have no responsibility for any incident arising out of, or related to, your account settings. You must safeguard your password and supervise the use of your account. You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your account and maintaining settings that reflect your preferences. We will assume that anyone using the Site or transacting through your account is you. You agree that you are solely responsible for any activity that occurs under your account.

The Site may permit you to make purchases without an account or without logging in to your account. If you make a purchase in this manner, we will create an account for you based on the information provided to us in connection with the transaction (e.g., your name, address, e-mail address, and other transaction information).

Your account is non-transferrable. You cannot sell, combine, or otherwise share it with any other person. Any violation of these Terms of Use, including, without limitation, failure to maintain updated and correct information about your account (e.g., valid credit card information) will cause your account to fall out of good standing and we may cancel your account in our sole discretion. If your account is cancelled, you may forfeit any pending, current, or future account credits (e.g., Groupon Bucks), and any other forms of unredeemed value in your account without notice. Upon termination, the provisions of these Terms of Use that are, by their nature, intended to survive termination (e.g., any disclaimers, all limitations of liability, and all indemnities) shall survive. We also reserve the right to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of our services or the Site, including, without limitation, requirements for use.

7. Your Conduct
All interactions on the Site must comply with these Terms of Use. To the extent your conduct, in our sole discretion, restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying any part of the Site, we may limit or terminate your privileges on the Site and seek other remedies, including, without limitation, cancellation of your account or forfeiture of any forms of unredeemed value in your account.

The following activities are prohibited on the Site and constitute violations of these Terms of Use:

Submitting any content to the Site that:
Violates applicable laws (including, without limitation, intellectual property laws, laws relating to rights of privacy and rights of publicity, and laws related to defamation);
Contains personal information, except when we expressly ask you to provide such information;
Contains viruses or malware;
Offers unauthorized downloads of any copyrighted, confidential, or private information;
Has the effect of impersonating others;
Contains messages by non-spokesperson employees of Groupon purporting to speak on behalf of Groupon or provides confidential information concerning Groupon;
Contains chain letters of any kind;
Is purposely inaccurate, commits fraud, or falsifies information in connection with your Groupon account or to create multiple Groupon accounts; or
Is protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right.
Attempting to do or actually doing any of the following:
Accessing data not intended for you, such as logging into a server or an account which you are not authorized to access;
Scanning or monitoring the Site for data gathering purposes in an effort to track sales, usage, aggregate offering information, pricing information, or similar data;
Scanning or testing the security or configuration of the Site or breaching security or authentication measures; or
Interfering with service to any user in any manner, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site or attempting to overload, “flood,” “spam,” “mail bomb,” or “crash” the Site.
Using any of the following:
Frames, framing techniques, or framing technology to enclose any content included on the Site without our express written permission;
Any Site content, including, without limitation, User Content (defined below), in any meta tags or any other “hidden text” techniques or technologies without our express written permission;
The Site or any of its contents to advertise or solicit, for any commercial, political, or religious purpose or to compete, directly or indirectly, with Groupon; or
The Site or any of its resources to solicit consumers, Merchants, or other third-parties to become users or partners of other online or offline services directly or indirectly competitive or potentially competitive with Groupon, including, without limitation, aggregating current or previously offered deals.
Collecting any of the following:
Content from the Site, including, without limitation, in connection with current or previously offered deals, and featuring such content to consumers in any manner that diverts traffic from the Site without our express written permission; or
Personal Information (defined in our Privacy Statement), User Content (defined in Section 12 below), or content of any consumers or Merchants.
Engaging in any of the following:
Tampering or interfering with the proper functioning of any part, page, or area of the Site or any functions or services provided by Groupon;
Taking any action that places excessive demand on our services or imposes, or may impose, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our servers or other portion of our infrastructure (as determined in our sole discretion);
Reselling or repurposing your access to the Site or any purchases made through the Site;
Exceeding or attempting to exceed quantity limits when purchasing Merchant Offerings or Products, or otherwise using any Groupon account to purchase Merchant Offerings or Products for resale or for speculative, false, fraudulent, or any other purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use and the terms of a specific offer on the Site;
Accessing, monitoring, or copying any content from the Site using any “robot,” “spider,” “scraper,” or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
Violating the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on the Site or bypassing or circumventing other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Site;
Aggregating any current or previously-offered deals or content or other information from the Site (whether using links or other technical means or physical records associated with purchases made through the Site) with material from other sites or on a secondary site without our express written permission;
Deep-linking to any portion of the Site (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any Voucher) without our express written permission;
Hyperlinking to the Site from any other website without our initial and ongoing consent; or
Acting illegally or maliciously against the business interests or reputation of Groupon, our Merchants, or our services.
8. Your Privacy
We take the privacy of your Personal Information (defined in the Privacy Statement) seriously. We encourage you to carefully review our Privacy Statement for important disclosures about ways that we may collect, use, and share personal data and your choices. Our Privacy Statement is incorporated in and subject to these Terms of Use, and available here.

9. Terms of Sale
By purchasing or obtaining any Merchant Offering or Product via the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use, including, without limitation, the Terms of Sale, available here.

10. Special Programs
By participating in special programs offered by Groupon, such as Groupon Reserve, Groupon Bucks, Trade-In Program, Refer-A-Friend, Coupons, or Groupon+ Deals you agree to these Terms of Use and the additional terms of each program available here.

11. Copyright and Trademarks
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information, including, without limitation, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music, and sound, and the entire contents of the Site are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws of the United States. Groupon owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. You may not modify, distribute, publish, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part. Except as otherwise expressly stated under copyright law, no downloading, copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication, or commercial exploitation of the content without the express permission of Groupon or the copyright owner is permitted. If downloading, copying, redistribution, retransmission, or publication of copyrighted material is permitted, you will make independent attribution and/or make no changes in or deletion of any author attribution, trademark legend, or copyright notice. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. Any violation of these restrictions may result in a copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right infringement that may subject you to civil and/or criminal penalties.

Groupon owns trademarks, registered and unregistered, in many countries and "GROUPON," the Groupon logos and variations thereof found on the Site are trademarks owned by Groupon, Inc. or its related entities and all use of these marks inures to the benefit of Groupon. “GROUPON” is a trademark registered in the following countries: Algeria, Antigua, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Bahamas, Bahrain, Belarus, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Columbia, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, the European Union, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Israel, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Lebanon, Liechtenstein, Macedonia, Mexico, Moldova, Morocco, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, O.A.P.I., Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, the Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United States of America, Uruguay, Venezuela, and Vietnam. A non-exhaustive list of Groupon’s trademarks can be found here.

Other marks on the site not owned by Groupon may be under license from the trademark owner thereof, in which case such license is for the exclusive benefit and use of Groupon unless otherwise stated, or may be the property of their respective owners. You may not use Groupon's name, logos, trademarks or brands, or trademarks or brands of others on the Site without Groupon's express permission.

12. User Content
The Site may provide registered users and visitors various opportunities to submit or post reviews, opinions, advice, ratings, discussions, comments, messages, survey responses, and other communications, as well as files, images, photographs, video, sound recordings, musical works, and any other content or material submitted or posted to the Site (collectively, "User Content") through forums, bulletin boards, discussion groups, chat rooms, surveys, blogs, or other communication facilities that may be offered on, through, or in connection with the Site from time to time. You may be required to have a Groupon account to submit User Content.

If you contribute any User Content, you will not upload, post, or otherwise make available on the Site any material protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right. Groupon does not have any express burden or responsibility to provide you with indications, markings, or anything else that may aid you in determining whether the material in question is copyrighted or trademarked. You will be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission. In addition, if you contribute any User Content, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are the creator of the User Content; or (b) if you are acting on behalf of the creator, that you have (i) express, advance authority from the creator to submit or post the User Content, and that they have waived any moral rights in such User Content, and (ii) all rights necessary to grant the licenses and grants in these Terms of Use. You further represent and warrant (or, if you are acting on behalf of the creator of the User Content, you have ensured that the creator represents and warrants) that the use and sharing of the User Content for the purposes you have selected will not violate or infringe any copyrights, trademarks, or any other intellectual property rights or rights of third parties, including, without limitation, the rights of publicity or privacy. You represent and warrant that you will not upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available User Content that is unlawful, harmful, tortious, threatening, abusive, harassing, hateful, racist, infringing, pornographic, obscene, violent, misleading, defamatory or libelous, invasive of the privacy of another person, or violative of any third-party rights; and that you will not upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available User Content that contains any material that harbors viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs designed to intercept, misappropriate, interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any software or computer equipment.

Groupon shall have the sole and absolute right, but not the obligation, to review, edit, post, refuse to post, remove, monitor the User Content, and disclose the User Content and the circumstances surrounding its transmission to any third-party, at any time, for any reason, including, without limitation, to determine compliance with these Terms of Use and any operating rules established by Groupon, as well as to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, or authorized government request. Without limiting the foregoing, Groupon shall have the right to remove any material from the Communities or any other Groupon controlled sites, in its sole discretion. Groupon assumes no liability for any User Content or other information that appears or is removed from the Site or elsewhere. Groupon has no obligation to use User Content and may not use it at all.

In some instances and from time to time, it may be possible to modify or remove the User Content submitted or posted through your account. Groupon makes no representations or warranties that the User Content you modify or remove will be modified or removed from the Site or elsewhere, or that the User Content will cease to appear on the Internet, in search engines, social media websites, or in any other form, media or technology.

Public Nature of Your User Content.
You understand and agree that User Content is public. Any person (whether or not a user of Groupon’s services) may read your User Content without your knowledge. Please do not include any Personal Information in your User Content unless you wish for it to be publicly disclosed. Groupon is not responsible for the use or disclosure of any Personal Information that you disclose in connection with User Content.
Any User Content of any kind made by you or any third-party is made by the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not by Groupon. Other users may post User Content that is inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive. Groupon does not endorse and is not responsible for any User Content, and will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such User Content. User Content reflects the opinions of the person submitting it and may not reflect the opinion of Groupon. Groupon does not control or endorse any User Content, and specifically disclaims any liability concerning or relating to your contribution of, use of, or reliance on any User Content and any actions resulting from your participation in any part of the Site, including, without limitation, any objectionable User Content.
License Grants.
Some User Content you submit to Groupon may be displayed or may give you the option to display in connection with your Personal Information, or a portion of your Personal Information, including, without limitation, your name, initials, username, social networking website user account name, image, likeness, preferences, voice, and location. You grant Groupon a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferrable, worldwide license and right to use, commercial use, display and distribute any Personal Information in connection with your User Content in accordance with these Terms of Use, including, without limitation, a right to offer for sale and to sell such rights in Personal Information, whether the User Content appears alone or as part of other works, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereinafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, all without compensation to you. However, Groupon shall have no obligation to use your Personal Information in connection with any User Content.
As between you and Groupon, you shall retain all ownership rights in and to the User Content you submit or post. However, by contributing User Content or other information on or through the Site, you grant Groupon a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferrable, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, display, transmit, offer for sale, and sell the User Content alone or as part of other works in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees and without compensation to you. You waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding the User Content that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory. Groupon’s license in any User Content or Personal Information submitted includes, without limitation, use for promotions, advertising, marketing, market research, merchant feedback, quality control, or any other lawful purpose.
As detailed in Section 3, contributing User Content or other information on or through the Site, is limited to individuals who are over the age of majority in the state or province in which they reside. The Site is designed and intended for adults. By contributing User Content or other content on or through the Communities, you affirm that you are over the age of majority in the state or province in which you reside. We will promptly delete User Content or other content associated with any account we obtain actual knowledge of that is associated with a registered user who is not at least the age of majority in the state or province in which he or she resides.
13. Unsolicited Ideas
We do not accept or consider, directly or through any Groupon employee or agent, unsolicited ideas of any kind, including, without limitation, ideas or suggestions relating to new or improved products, enhancements, names or technologies, advertising and marketing campaigns, plans, or other promotions. Do not send us (or any of our employees) any unsolicited ideas, suggestions, material, images, or other work in any form (“Unsolicited Materials”). If you send us Unsolicited Materials, you understand and agree that the following terms will apply, notwithstanding any cover letter or other terms that accompany them:

Groupon has no obligation to review any Unsolicited Materials, nor to keep any Unsolicited Materials confidential; and
Groupon will own, and may use and redistribute, Unsolicited Materials for any purpose without restriction and free of any obligation to acknowledge or compensate you.
14. Infringement Reporting Procedures and Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Procedures
Infringement Reporting Procedures. If you own copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property rights (“IP Rights Owner”), or if you are an agent authorized to act on the IP Rights Owner’s behalf (“Authorized Agent”), and you have a good faith belief that material or products on the Site infringe the IP Rights Owner’s copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right, and you would like to bring it to Groupon's attention, you can report your concern(s) by submitting your complaint here.
DMCA Procedures. Groupon reserves the right to terminate your, or any third-party’s, right to use the Site if such use infringes the copyrights of another. Groupon may, under appropriate circumstances and at its sole discretion, terminate your, or any third-party’s, right to access to the Site, if Groupon determines that you are, or a third-party is, a repeat infringer. If you believe that any material has been posted via the Site by any third-party in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, and you would like to bring it to Groupon's attention, you must provide Groupon's DMCA Agent identified below with the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted work; (b) an identification of the copyrighted work and the location on the Site of the allegedly infringing work; (c) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law; (d) your name and contact information, including, without limitation, telephone number and email address; and (e) a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
The contact information for Groupon’s DMCA Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement is: Groupon, Inc. Attn: Copyright Agent, 600 W. Chicago Ave., Chicago, IL 60654, email: dmca@groupon.com.

15. Disclaimer of Warranty
AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER GROUPON, NOR ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, MERCHANTS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS OR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, WARRANT THAT USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, VIRUS-FREE, OR ERROR FREE, NOR DO THEY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO (A) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SITE, OR (B) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR RELIABILITY OF (I) THE CONTENT ON THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, MERCHANT OFFERINGS, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER AVAILABLE PROGRAMS, (II) DESCRIPTIONS OF MERCHANT OFFERINGS, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER AVAILABLE PROGRAMS, OR (III) USER CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THE SITE. THE SITE AND ALL CONTENT, USER CONTENT AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE, MERCHANT OFFERINGS, PRODUCTS AND OTHER AVAILABLE PROGRAMS ACCESSIBLE OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, ARE MADE ACCESSIBLE OR AVAILABLE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GROUPON HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT, USER CONTENT, OR OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE OR THE MERCHANT OFFERINGS, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER AVAILABLE PROGRAMS ACCESSIBLE OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, NON-INTERFERENCE, MERCHANTABILITY, SUITABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AS WELL AS WARRANTIES IMPLIED FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR COURSE OF DEALING. THE WARRANTY LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION ARE NOT INTENDED TO LIMIT ANY WARRANTY PROVIDED DIRECTLY BY A MERCHANT OR BY THE APPLICABLE MANUFACTURER OF PHYSICAL PRODUCTS OR ANY EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES BY GROUPON THAT ARE INCLUDED IN OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS.

16. Limitation of Liability
AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL GROUPON, ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, MERCHANTS, PARTNERS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS, OR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOST PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS DAMAGES, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE CONTENT, USER CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION, AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION EITHER CONTAINED IN THE SITE OR SUBMITTED BY YOU TO THE SITE; (B) YOUR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE; (C) MODIFICATION OR REMOVAL OF CONTENT SUBMITTED ON THE SITE; (D) THE MERCHANT OFFERINGS, PRODUCTS, AND OTHER AVAILABLE PROGRAMS ACCESSIBLE OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE; (E) ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED DIRECTLY FROM A MERCHANT; (F) THESE TERMS OF USE; OR (G) ANY IMPROPER USE OF INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION. IN NO EVENT WILL GROUPON’S LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH A MERCHANT OFFERING, PRODUCT, AND OTHER AVAILABLE PROGRAMS EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE VOUCHER, PRODUCT, OR SERVICE. THE LIABILITY LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION ARE NOT INTENDED TO LIMIT ANY WARRANTY PROVIDED DIRECTLY BY A MERCHANT OR BY THE APPLICABLE MANUFACTURER OF PHYSICAL PRODUCTS OR ANY EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES BY GROUPON THAT ARE INCLUDED IN OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS, NOR ARE THEY INTENDED TO LIMIT REMEDIES YOU MIGHT HAVE FOR PRODUCT-RELATED INJURY.

17. Electronic Communications
When you use the Site or send emails to Groupon, you are communicating with us electronically and consent to receive electronic communications related to your use of the Site. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that are provided to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Notices from us will be considered delivered to you and effective when sent to the email address you provide on the Site or from which you otherwise email us.

18. Websites of Others
The Site contains links to websites maintained by other parties. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not because we endorse or have an opinion about the contents on such websites. We expressly disclaim any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such websites or the privacy practices of those websites. If you decide to access websites maintained by other parties, you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage, loss, or liability caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any use of or reliance on any content, Products, or services available on or through any such linked site or resource.

19. Indemnification/Release
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Groupon, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, arising out of, related to, or in connection with any of the following: (a) any User Content submitted or posted by you, in connection with the Site, or any use of the Site in violation of these Terms of Use; (b) fraud you commit or your intentional misconduct or gross negligence; or (c) your violation of any applicable U.S., Canadian, or foreign law or rights of a third-party.

You are solely responsible for your interactions with Merchants and other users of the Site. To the extent permitted under applicable laws, you hereby release Groupon from any and all claims or liability related to any product or service of a Merchant, regardless of whether such product or service is a Merchant Offering available through the Site, any action or inaction by a Merchant, including, without limitation, but not limited to any harm caused to you by action or inaction of a Merchant, a Merchant’s failure to comply with applicable law and/or failure to abide by the terms of a Merchant Offering or any other product or service purchased or obtained by you from the Merchant, and any conduct, speech or User Content, whether online or offline, of any other third-party.

20. Force Majeure
Groupon shall be excused from performance under these Terms of Use, to the extent it or a Merchant is prevented or delayed from performing, in whole or in part, as a result of an event or series of events caused by or resulting from: (a) weather conditions or other elements of nature or acts of God; (b) acts of war, acts of terrorism, insurrection, riots, civil disorders, or rebellion; (c) quarantines or embargoes; (d) labor strikes; (e) error or disruption to major computer hardware or networks or software failures; or (g) other causes beyond the reasonable control of Groupon or a Merchant, as applicable.

21. Assignment
You may not assign these Terms of Use, or any rights, benefits, or obligations hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise, without the express written permission of Groupon. Any attempted assignment that does not comply with these Terms of Use shall be null and void. Groupon may assign these Terms of Use, in whole or in part, to any third-party in its sole discretion.

22. Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use, including, without limitation, the incorporated Terms of Sale, Special Programs, Privacy Statement, and other terms incorporated by reference, constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Groupon with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and Groupon with respect to such subject matter.

23. Choice of Law
Any disputes arising out of or related to these Terms of Use and/or any use by you of the Site or Groupon’s services shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to its choice of law rules and without regard to conflicts of laws principles.

If you reside in Canada, any disputes arising out of or related to these Terms of Use and/or any use by you of the Site or Groupon’s services shall be governed by the laws of the Province in which you reside at the time you enter into these Terms of Use, without regard to its choice of law rules and without regard to conflicts of laws principles. Groupon and you specifically disclaim the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods as that Convention may be incorporated into applicable law.

24. Dispute Resolution/Arbitration Agreement
(a) Binding Arbitration. Except as specifically stated herein, any dispute or claim between you and Groupon and/or its subsidiaries, affiliates, and/or any of their respective members, officers, directors, and employees (all such entities collectively referred to herein as the “Groupon Entities”) arising out of, relating in any way to, or in connection with the Terms of Use, the Site or your use of the Site, your Personal Information, or any Products or Merchant Offerings (“Dispute(s)”) shall be resolved exclusively by final, binding arbitration; except that you may bring a qualifying claim over a Dispute in a small claims court. By virtue of this Dispute Agreement (defined below), you and Groupon are each giving up the right to go to court and have a Dispute heard by a judge or jury (except as otherwise set forth in this Section 24(a) or Section 24(d)). The provisions of this Section 24 shall constitute your and Groupon’s written agreement to arbitrate Disputes under the Federal Arbitration Act (“Dispute Agreement”). The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and conducted before a single arbitrator pursuant to its rules, including, without limitation, the AAA’s Consumer-Arbitration Rules, available at https://www.adr.org/consumer. The arbitrator will apply and be bound by this Agreement, apply applicable law and the facts, and issue a reasoned award, if appropriate.

To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must submit the Dispute by utilizing the forms available at https://www.adr.org/consumer, and simultaneously sending a copy of the completed form to the following address: C T Corporation System, 208 S. LaSalle Street, Suite 814, Chicago, IL 60604. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. Groupon will reimburse those fees for Disputes totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the Dispute is frivolous. Likewise, Groupon will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the Dispute is frivolous. The arbitration will be conducted based upon written submissions unless you request, and/or the arbitrator determines, that a telephone or in-person hearing is necessary. In addition, you hereby unconditionally agree that (1) the arbitrator’s decision shall be controlled by these Terms of Use and any of the other agreements referenced herein that you may have entered into in connection with the Site; (2) the arbitrator shall apply Illinois law consistent with the FAA and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law; and (3) in the event the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to hear the Dispute, you and the applicable Groupon Entity(ies) shall agree to, or a court shall select, another arbitration provider.

(b) No Class Action Matters. We each agree that we shall bring any Dispute against the other in our respective individual capacities and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, representative proceeding or as an association. In addition, we each agree that Disputes shall be arbitrated only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action and that the arbitrator may award relief (including injunctive relief) only on an individual basis. The arbitrator does not have the power to vary these provisions.

(c) Choice of Law and Forum; No Jury Trial. If for any reason a Dispute proceeds in court: (i) except with respect to a qualifying claim over a Dispute in a small claims court, which you shall have the right to bring in a court of competent jurisdiction in the county in which you reside, you and Groupon agree that any Dispute may only be instituted in a state or federal court in Cook County, Illinois/Northern District of Illinois; (ii) you and Groupon irrevocably consent and submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts for resolution of such Disputes; and (iii) you and Groupon agree to waive any right to a trial by jury. You and Groupon agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, the AAA rules, applicable federal law, and the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to principles of conflicts of law, will govern this Dispute Agreement and any Disputes.

(d) Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Dispute Agreement, either party may bring suit in court seeking an injunction or other equitable relief arising out of or relating to the infringement of a party’s intellectual property, or any illegal or intentional act affecting the accessibility, functionality, or the security of the Site, and/or any illegal or intentional act against your interests or the general business interests of Groupon.

(e) Severability. With the exception of Section 24(b) above, if any part of this Section 24 is ruled to be unenforceable, then the balance of this Section 24 shall remain in full effect and construed and enforced as if the portion ruled unenforceable were not contained herein. If Section 24(b) above is ruled to be unenforceable, then Section 24(a) shall be deemed unenforceable, but the rest of Section 24 shall remain in full effect.

25. License to Sell Travel Services
Groupon holds a license to sell travel services in the following states: (a) Florida – Fla. Seller of Travel Ref. No. ST39432; (b) Hawaii – license number TAR6914; (c) Iowa – license number 1189; and (d) Washington – license number 603352377.

26. Additional Disclosures
No waiver by either you or Groupon of any breach or default or failure to exercise any right allowed under these Terms of Use is a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default or a waiver or forfeiture of any similar or future rights under our Terms of Use. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall be of no legal force or effect. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of our Terms of Use invalid, such invalidity shall not affect the enforceability of any other provisions contained in these Terms of Use, and the remaining portions of our Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect.

You are contracting with Groupon, Inc. Correspondence should be directed to: Groupon, Inc., 600 West Chicago Avenue, Chicago, IL 60654; http://www.groupon.com/helpcenter.

If you are a California resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N-112, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.

The provisions of these Terms of Use apply equally to, and are for the benefit of, Groupon, its subsidiaries, affiliates, Merchants, and its third-party content providers and licensors, and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly.
Terms of Service
Habbo.com - Terms of Service

Introduction

BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, YOU DO NOT HAVE PERMISSION TO INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICE.  PERMISSION TO USE THE SERVICE IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.

The terms of this agreement (“Terms of Service” or “Terms”) govern the relationship between you and Sulake Oy (hereinafter “Sulake” or “Us” or “We”) regarding your use of Habbo Hotel located at www.habbo.com or our other sites or services that post these Terms (the “Service(s)”), whether accessed by computer, mobile phone or other device (each, a “Device”). Use of the Service is also governed by the Service’s Privacy Policy, incorporated herein by reference, and you consent to our practices as explained there.   You further agree that we may change, alter, or modify the settings or configurations on your Device in order to allow for or optimize your use of the Service.  In addition, some of our Service products or services may be made available subject to certain additional or different terms and/or conditions that apply to them (in each such instance, and collectively, “Additional Terms”), which will supplement these Terms.

Before accessing or using the Service, you must agree to these Terms and the Service’s Privacy Policyand register an account on the Service (an “Account”).  By registering for an Account or otherwise using the Service, you represent that you are 13 or older and you understand and accept these Terms and the Service’s Privacy Policy. If you are under the age of majority where you live you represent that your legal guardian has also reviewed and agreed to these Terms and the Service’s Privacy Policy. The Service may exist on, or in connection with, a number of third-party platforms (e.g., Facebook). Please be aware that your activities on these platforms may also be subject to the terms of service and/or privacy policies for that platform, and we are not responsible for these third parties. 

Sulake reserves the right to prospectively revise these Terms at any time (meaning the old terms continue to apply to your use that predates the changes).  If we do, we will post the modified Terms on the Service and indicate the date of most the recent change above, and you agree that this will be sufficient notice to you that new terms apply and your continued use indicates your agreement to the new terms in connection with that ongoing use.

 

1. LICENSE

The Service contains a variety of: (i) materials and other items relating to Sulake and its products and services, and similar items from our licensors and other third parties, including all layout, information, text, data, files, images, scripts, designs, graphics, button icons, instructions, illustrations, photographs, audio clips, music, sounds, pictures, videos, advertising copy, URLs, technology, software, communications, interactive features, the “look and feel” of the Service, and the compilation, assembly, and arrangement of the materials of the Service and any and all copyrightable material (including source and object code); (ii) trademarks, logos, trade names, service marks, and trade identities of various parties, including those of Sulake(collectively,  “Trademarks”); and (iii) other forms of intellectual property (all of the foregoing, collectively “Content”). Unless otherwise specified in writing, all Content is owned, controlled, or licensed by Sulake or its licensors.  All Content is copyrighted under copyright laws and/or similar laws protecting it from unauthorized use. The Trademarks, including but not limited to Sulake, its logos, and Habbo and its logos, may not be used without Sulake’s express written permission. You agree not to copy, redistribute, publish or otherwise exploit any Content in violation of the intellectual property rights of Sulake or any other third party.

Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms, Sulake grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable license to (i) download (temporary storage only), display, view, use, play, and/or print one copy of the Content (excluding source and object code in raw form or otherwise, other than as made available to access and use to enable display and functionality) on a Device for your personal, non-commercial use only, and (ii) to use certain Content that we may from time to time make available on the Service explicitly for you for use as part of your User-Generated Content (defined below) (“Sulake Licensed Elements”), but only for such purposes as may be explicitly stated at the time that the Sulake Licensed Elements are made available on the Service; but we and our licensors and certain other third parties, as the case may be, retain ownership of such SulakeLicensed Elements.  The foregoing limited license (i) does not give you any ownership of, or any other intellectual property interest in, any Content, and (ii) may be immediately suspended or terminated for any reason, in Sulake’s sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability.  In some instances, we may permit you to have greater access to and use of Content and/or SulakeLicensed Elements, subject to Additional Terms.

 

 2. IN-GAME CURRENCIES AND GOODS

The Service may include virtual, in-game currency (“Virtual Currency”), such as credits, coins, cash, or points (e.g., Habbo coins and diamonds), that may be purchased with “real world” money or obtained through interactions with a third-party service. Virtual Currency may be used to purchase virtual, in-game digital items (“Virtual Goods”).  Your purchase or award of Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods are merely a grant by us to a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable right to use the Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods as part of the Service under these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms we provide at the time.  Accordingly, you have no other interest, including no property, proprietary, intellectual property, ownership, or monetary interest, in your Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods, which remain our Content and property.  We reserve the absolute right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods.

Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods cannot be redeemed by you for “real world” money, goods, or other items of monetary value from any party. Transfers of Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods by you outside of what we permit on the Service are strictly prohibited. This means you may not buy or sell Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods for “real world” money or otherwise exchange items for value outside of the Service.

You also agree that all sales of Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods are final unless otherwise detailed in the applicable Additional Terms. No refunds will be given by Sulake. Sulake has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify, and/or eliminate Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods as it sees fit in its sole discretion, including the right to terminate or suspend your account or discontinue its Service (in whole or in part) for any reason, and Sulake shall have no liability to you or anyone for the exercise of such rights

 

3.  CONTENT CREATED BY YOU, USER-GENERATED CONTENT

It is possible for you contribute to the Service through the submission of Content you create or contribute to the creation of (“User-Generated Content”). User-Generated Content, includes without limitation, various kinds of content that are submitted by users (for example, wall posts, messages, reviews, and actions with others end users), as well as any feedback, comments, or suggestions that users you provide to us regarding the Service.

You will retain whatever ownership you may have in your User-Generated Content, but you hereby irrevocably grant to Sulake a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform and otherwise exploit in any manner whatsoever the User-Generated Content, or any portion thereof, you submit to the Service or otherwise to Sulake, by any and all means, and in all forms of media, now known or hereafter developed, and to advertise, market and promote the same. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, you hereby waive any moral rights or rights of publicity or privacy you may have in or in connection with such User-Generated Content.

You represent that all User-Generated Content that you submit to the Service is wholly original to you and you exclusively own the rights to such User-Generated Content, and/or you have all necessary authority to grant all of the rights and licenses to Sulake under these Terms and/or any applicable Additional Terms, and that Sulake and its licensees may exercise those rights without Sulake or its licensees or successors incurring any third-party obligations or liability.

Sulake reserves the right to control and operate our Service in the manner we deem appropriate.  In connection with doing so, we may monitor User-Generated Content and your activities in connection with the Service, but cannot monitor or prescreen all of the User-Generated Content and do not attempt to do so. We have the right, but not the obligation, to edit, refuse to post, or remove any User-Generated Content posted on the Service that we deem objectionable or think   violates these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, or the spirit of these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, in our sole discretion and determination. If you encounter something you find objectionable and in violation of these Terms, you can bring it to our attention by contacting us here.

We do not assume any responsibility or liability for User-Generated Content that is generated by users of the Service. You bear the entire risk of the completeness, accuracy or usefulness of any User-Generated Content found in connection with the Service. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Service and any other parties with whom you interact through the Service. Sulake reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes. You will fully cooperate with Sulake to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity, including, without limitation, granting Sulake access to any password-protected portions of your Account. If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. 

 

4. ACCOUNTS

Username and Password

During the Account creation process, you will be required to select a password (“Login Information”). You shall not share the Account or the Login Information, nor let anyone else access your Account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your Account. In the event you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, including without limitation any loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of the Login Information, you must immediately notify Sulake and modify your Login Information. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Information, and you will be responsible for all uses of the Login Information, including purchases, whether or not authorized by you. You are responsible for anything that happens through your Account.

Sulake reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to claims by a third party that a username violates the third party’s rights.

 

 5. USE OF THE SERVICE

You shall not use our Content off of our Service, except as we may allow use of Sulake Licensed Elements for certain fan site use approved by us in writing. We do not approve and you may not create or use “retro” or substitute sites or services that offer game play with our Content off of our Service.

In addition, you must follow our rules, and the spirit of them, including The Habbo Way and without limitation:

No Young Children and Parents Responsible for Minors: You shall not create an Account or access the Service if you are under the age of 13 and shall not permit access to children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of majority (not yet legally an adult), your parent or legal guardian must take approve and take responsibility for your Account  for any use of  a credit card or other payment instrument (e.g., Paypal) by minors.
No false information: You shall not create an Account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself. You shall not use the Service if you have previously been removed or banned from the Service by Sulake. You shall not falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded; or forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any material transmitted through the Service.
No use of others’ content without proper permission: You shall not use any User-Generated Content or other content that belongs to other people and pass it off as your own; this includes any content that you might have found elsewhere on the Internet. If anyone contributes to your User-Generated Content or has any rights to your User-Generated Content, or if anyone appears in the User-Generated Content, then you must also have their permission to submit such User-Generated Content to Sulake under these Terms.
No commercial or political use: You shall use your Account and the Service only for non-commercial and non-political purposes. You shall not use the Service or any features on the Service to advertise, or solicit, or transmit any commercial advertisements, including chain letters, junk or spam e-mail, surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, or repetitive messages to anyone; to distribute unsolicited e-mail to others for commercial use or otherwise; or harvest or otherwise collect personal information about other individuals, including e-mail addresses or screen names for the purpose of sending unsolicited e-mails or for exchange. You shall not advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any commercial or business purpose. You shall not use, download or otherwise copy, or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or entity any directory of visitors to the Service or other visitor or usage information or any portion thereof.
No harassment, defamation, or profanity: You shall not publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any material or information on the Service which: (i) is inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information (including but not limited to pornography, depiction of acts of violence and sexual acts, and material and information which may perpetuate hatred against any person or group or having the likely effect of causing harm or offence); (ii) is a false statement about a person or their property or business which is actuated by malice and may cause financial harm to that person; (iii) is misleading or deceptive; (iv) is a breach of confidence or an invasion of a person's right to privacy; (v) may cause us to breach, or be involved in a breach of law, a code or an instrument which governs our conduct; or (vi) otherwise infringes any person's rights, including without limitation their intellectual property rights, e.g., copyright or trademark rights (or rights of privacy or publicity).
No harm, damage or interference: You shall not upload files that contain, or otherwise intentionally release or disseminate, viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may interfere with or damage Sulake, the Service, its Content or the operation of another's Device or property of another. You shall not download any file posted by another visitor of a home page, chat room or message board that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed. You shall not restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the home pages, chat room and message boards; or violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be displayed on the Service for any particular feature or service.
No law violations or conspiracy: You shall not violate, or encourage others to violate, any laws or regulations or the legal rights of another individual, on the Service.
No refusal to cooperate: You shall not refuse to follow the instructions of any personnel of Sulake or a Sulake affiliate.
Sulake reserves the right to determine what conduct it considers to be in violation of the rules of use or otherwise outside the intent or spirit of these Terms, any applicable Additional Terms, or the Service itself. Sulake reserves the right to take action as a result, which may include terminating your Account and prohibiting you from using the Service.

 

6. THIRD PARTIES

The Service may also contain links, as part of third-party ads or content on the Service or otherwise, to or from third-party websites (“Linked Sites”), including websites operated by advertisers, licensors, licensees, and certain other third parties who may have business relationships with Sulake, e.g., inside of the Habbo Game Center, or via links to sites outside of the Service that are operated by third parties. Sulakemay have no control over the content, operations, policies, terms, or other elements of Linked Sites, and Sulake does not assume any obligation to review any Linked Sites. Sulake doesnot endorse, approve, or sponsor any Linked Sites, or any third-party content, advertising, information, materials, products, services, or other items. Furthermore, Sulake is not responsible for the quality or delivery of the products or services offered, accessed, obtained by or advertised at such sites.  Finally, Sulake will under no circumstances be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental or special loss or other damage, whether arising from negligence, breach of contract, defamation, infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights or otherwise, arising out of or related to Linked Sites or their products or services.  Any activities you engage in connection with any of the same are subject to the privacy and other policies, terms and conditions of use and/or sale, and rules issued by the operator of the Linked Sites.  The Linked Sites may send cookies or solicit personal information from you, and as we have no control over these Linked Sites you agree that we have no responsibility for their actions and you should review their privacy policies. Sulake disclaims all liability in connection therewith.

Further, where part of the Service contains advertising, content and other material submitted to us by third parties, please note that those third parties are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Service complies with all legal and regulatory requirements. Sulake disclaims all liability in connection with such advertising or other third-party content or material.

Any interactions, correspondence, transactions, and other dealings that you have with any third parties found on or through the Service (including on or via Linked Sites or third-party advertisements or content made available on or through our Service) are solely between you and the third party (including issues related to the content of third-party advertisements, payments, delivery of goods, warranties (including product warranties), privacy and data security, and the like).  Sulake disclaims all liability in connection therewith.

 

7. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE

You understand that the Service is an evolving one. Sulake may require that you accept updates to the Service and to the third-party software you have installed on your Device. You acknowledge and agree that Sulake may update and modify the Service, with or without notifying you. You may need to update third-party software from time to time in order to continue to use the Service.

 

8. TERMINATION; SURVIVAL

WITHOUT LIMITATION, WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR LICENSE TO THE SERVICE OR OTHERWISE SUSPEND OR TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU IF: (A) YOU BREACH THESE TERMS OR ANY APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE HABBO WAY; (B) YOU HAVE NOT ACCESSED YOUR ACCOUNT FOR 180 DAYS; OR (C) IF THE SERVICE IS GOING TO BE SHUT DOWN OR MERGED WITH OTHER SITES AND/OR SERVICES. IN THESE SITUATIONS YOUR ACCOUNT LICENSE TO USE THE SERVICE OR A PART THEREOF WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATED. IN SUCH EVENT, SULAKE SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE REFUNDS, BENEFITS OR OTHER COMPENSATION TO USERS IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DISCONTINUED SERVICES. TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT CAN INCLUDE DISABLING YOUR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE OR ANY PART THEREOF INCLUDING ANY CONTENT YOU OR OTHERS SUBMITTED.

WITHOUT LIMITING OUR OTHER REMEDIES, WE MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE THE SERVICE AND USER ACCOUNTS OR PORTIONS THEREOF, PROHIBIT ACCESS TO OUR GAMES AND SERVICE, AND THEIR CONTENT, SERVICES AND TOOLS, DELAY OR REMOVE HOSTED CONTENT, AND TAKE TECHNICAL AND LEGAL STEPS TO PREVENT USERS FROM ACCESSING THE SERVICE IF WE BELIEVE THAT THEY ARE CREATING RISK OR POSSIBLE LEGAL LIABILITIES, INFRINGING THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR ACTING INCONSISTENTLY WITH THE LETTER OR SPIRIT OF OUR TERMS OR ANY APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS. ADDITIONALLY, WE MAY, IN APPROPRIATE CIRCUMSTANCES AND AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE ACCOUNTS OF USERS WHO MAY BE REPEAT INFRINGERS OF THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

You accept that you have six months from when your account gets banned to contact us about an appeal. After six months our Customer Service will no longer be able to assist you.

You may terminate your access to the Service at any time for any reason without penalty by contacting us here, at which point you will no longer be permitted to use the Service. We will not refund you the fees (or any part of them) that we have already charged you.

Any suspension or termination will not affect your obligations to Sulake under these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms. Upon suspension or termination of your access to the Service, or upon notice from Sulake, all rights granted to you under these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms will cease immediately, and you agree that you will immediately discontinue use of the Service. The provisions of these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, which by their nature should survive your suspension or termination will survive, including the rights and licenses you grant to Sulake in these Terms, as well as the indemnities, releases, disclaimers, and limitations on liability and the provisions regarding jurisdiction, choice of law, no class action, and mandatory arbitration.

 

9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY; INDEMNIFICATION

9.1      DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, AND THOSE ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. SULAKE DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS AS TO: THE SERVICE AND ITS FUNCTIONS, FEATURES, AND ELEMENTS; ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED OR REFERENCED AT OR LINKED THROUGH THE SERVICE; THE SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF YOUR USER-GENERATED CONTENT TO OR VIA THE SERVICE; THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE AT THE TIMES OR LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING; THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE GAME OR THE SERVICE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

 

9.2      LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SULAKE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF REVENUES, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (HOWEVER SUCH LOSSES ARE QUALIFIED), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE AND YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR ANY APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT SULAKE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL SULAKE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO SULAKE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR ANY APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT A CLAIM. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID ANYTHING TO SULAKE DURING SUCH TIME PERIOD, YOUR SOLE REMEDY (AND SULAKE’S EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY) FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH SULAKE IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT. IF SUCH REMEDIES ARE DEEMED INSUFFICIENT UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAW, SULAKE’S LIABILITY SHOULD INSTEAD BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF 500 EUROS OR THE MINIMUM AMOUNT REQUIRED BY LAW.

 

9.3 JURISDICTIONAL LIMITATIONS

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain types of damages. Accordingly, some of the above disclaimers and limitations may not apply to you. To the extent that Sulake may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any warranty or limit its liability as set forth herein, the scope of such warranty and the extent of Sulake’s liability shall be the minimum permitted under such applicable law. TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR ANY APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS SHALL AFFECT THE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF ANY CONSUMER OR EXCLUDE OR RESTRICT ANY LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM ANY NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD OF SULAKE.

 

9.4 INDEMNITY

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Sulake and its successors and assigns harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other losses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third party resulting from or arising out of: our use of information you submit to us (including your User-Generated Content) through the Service; your use of the Service and your activities in connection with the Service; any breach by you of these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms; your violation of any laws in connection with your use of the Service or your activities in connection with the Service; content transmitted through your Device that infringes, violates, or misappropriates any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent, publicity, privacy, or other right of any person or entity; and any misrepresentation made by you (all of the foregoing, “Claims and Losses”). You will cooperate as fully required by us in the defense of any Claim and Loss. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, we retain the exclusive right to control, settle, compromise, and pay any and all Claims and Losses. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any Claims and Losses. You will not settle any Claims and Losses without, in each instance, the prior written consent of an officer of Sulake.

 

10. ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER

Certain portions of this Section 10 are deemed to be a “written agreement to arbitrate” pursuant to the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act and apply to all United States users of the Service and to all other users to the extent the mandatory laws in their country of residence permit the various terms of this Section (so some provisions will not apply to some users if doing so would violate mandatory applicable law).  You and Sulake agree that we intend that this Section 10 satisfies the “writing” requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act.  This Section 10 can only be changed or terminated upon mutual agreement.

 

10.1   Disputes.  Any controversy, allegation, or claim between you and Sulake arising out of or relating to the Service, the Content, these Terms, or any applicable Additional Terms, whether heretofore or hereafter arising are “Disputes”.

 

10.1.1 First – Try to Resolve.  If you or Sulake becomes aware of a Dispute, then you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it.  Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information that you provide us.  But if no such information exists or if such information is not current, then we have no obligation under this Section 10.1.1.  Your notice to us must be sent to:  Sulake Oy, Legal, Kaarlenkatu 11, 00530 Helsinki, Finland.  For a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Sulakeand you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Dispute, though nothing will require either you or Sulake to resolve the Dispute on terms with respect to which you and Sulake, in each of our sole discretion, are not comfortable.

 

10.1.2 Arbitration of Most Disputes.  If we cannot resolve a Dispute as set forth in Section 10.1.1 within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice, then either you or we may submit the Dispute to formal arbitration in accordance with this Section 10.1, unless it is an Excluded Dispute, which shall be handled in accordance with Section 10.2.

 

10.1.3 Arbitrator.  Upon expiration of the applicable sixty (60)-day period and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a Dispute will be resolved solely by binding arbitration in accordance with the then-current JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures of JAMS, Inc. (“JAMS”).  JAMS procedures, rules, and fee information are available, as follows:

JAMS: 949.224.1810

http://www.jamsadr.com/

 

10.1.4 Nature, Limitations, and Location of Alternative Dispute Resolution.  In arbitration, as with a court, the arbitrator must honor the terms of these Terms (and any applicable Additional Terms) and can award the prevailing party damages and other relief (including attorneys’ fees).  However, WITH ARBITRATION: (A) THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY, (B) THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS AND ARBITRATION OUTCOME ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CONFIDENTIALITY RULES, AND (C) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF THE ARBITRATION OUTCOME IS LIMITED.  All parties to the arbitration will have the right, at their own expense, to be represented by an attorney or other advocate of their choosing.  If an in-person arbitration hearing is required, then it will be conducted in the metropolitan area where you are a resident at the time the Dispute is submitted to arbitration.  You and we will pay the administrative and arbitrator’s fees and other costs in accordance with the applicable arbitration rules; but, if applicable arbitration rules or laws require Sulake to pay a greater portion or all of such fees and costs in order for this Section 10 to be enforceable, then Sulake will have the right to elect to pay the fees and costs and proceed to arbitration.  Discovery will be permitted pursuant to the applicable arbitration rules.  The arbitrator’s decision must consist of a written statement stating the disposition of each claim of the Dispute, and must provide a statement of the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and any award (if any) is based.  Judgment on the arbitration decision and award (if any) may be entered in or by any court that has jurisdiction over the parties pursuant to Section 9 of the Federal Arbitration Act.

 

10.1.5 No Class Action Matters.  Disputes will be arbitrated only on an individual basis and will not be consolidated with any other arbitrations or other proceedings that involve any claim or controversy of any other party.  But if, for any reason, any court with competent jurisdiction or any arbitrator selected pursuant to Section 10.1.3 holds that this restriction is unconscionable or unenforceable, then our agreement in Section 10.1.2 to arbitrate will not apply, and the Dispute must be brought exclusively in court pursuant to Section 10.3. 

 

10.1.6 Limited Time to File Claims.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IF YOU OR WE WANT TO ASSERT A DISPUTE (BUT NOT A EXCLUDED DISPUTE) AGAINST THE OTHER, THEN YOU OR WE MUST COMMENCE IT (BY DELIVERY OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10.1.1 WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER DISCOVERY OF THE DISPUTE ARISES -- OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED. 

 

10.2 Excluded Disputes.  The following disputes constitute “Excluded Disputes” hereunder: (i) any Dispute regarding any of Sulake’s actual or alleged intellectual property rights, (ii) Disputes, to the extent that the laws of the user’s local jurisdiction authorize may be brought in small claims court, and (iii) legal action taken by Sulake to seek an injunction or other equitable relief in connection with, any loss, cost, or damage (or any potential loss, cost, or damage) relating to the Service, any Content, your User-Generated Content and/or Sulake’s intellectual property rights (including such Sulake may claim that may be in dispute), Sulake’s operations, and/or Sulake’s products or services (collectively, “Injunctive Relief”).

 

10.2.1 First – Try to Resolve.  If (x) any Excluded Dispute arises, and (y) excluding Excluded Disputes involving Injunctive Relief, you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Excluded Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it.  Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information that you provide us.  But if no such information exists or if such information is not current, then we have no obligation under this Section 10.2.1.  Your notice to us must be sent to:  Sulake Oy, Legal, Kaarlenkatu 11, 00530 Helsinki, Finland.  For a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Sulake and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Excluded Dispute, though nothing will require either you or Sulake to resolve the Excluded Dispute on terms with respect to which you and Sulake, in each of our sole discretion, are not comfortable.

 

10.2.2 If we cannot resolve authorized Excluded Dispute as set forth in Section 10.2.1 within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice, then either you or we may submit the Excluded Dispute to formal arbitration pursuant to Section 10.1 only if you and Sulake consent, in a writing signed by you and an officer or business and legal affairs representative of Sulake, to have that Excluded Dispute subject to arbitration.  In such a case (and only in such a case), that Excluded Dispute will be deemed a “Dispute” and shall be governed by Section 10.1.  In the absence of such agreement, Section 10.1 shall not apply to Excluded Disputes, and Sections 10.3 and 15.1 shall apply.

 

10.2.3 Injunctive Relief.  With respect to Excluded Disputes involving Injunctive Relief, Sections 10.3 and 15.1 apply, and Sulake may institute such Excluded Disputes as authorized therein immediately.

 

10.3 Jurisdiction.  Except to the extent that arbitration is required in Section 10.1 or authorized in Section 10.2, and except as to the enforcement of any arbitration decision or award, any action or proceeding relating to any Dispute or Excluded Dispute may only be instituted in Helsinki, Finland.  Accordingly, you and Sulake consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts for such matters.

 

11. OTHER DISPUTE RESOLUTION WHERE ARBITRATION IS NOT APPLICABLE

This Section 11 applies to all users of the Service, if, and only to the extent that, the mandatory applicable laws do not permit arbitration of Disputes in accordance with Section 10.

 

11.1 Section 11 Disputes.  If any controversy, allegation, or claim (including any non-contractual claim) arises out of or relates to the Service, the Content, these Terms, or any applicable Additional Terms, whether heretofore or hereafter arising or to any of Sulake’s actual or alleged intellectual property rights (collectively, a “Section 11 Dispute”), then you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Section 11 Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it.  Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information that you provide us.  But if no such information exists or if such information is not current, then we have no obligation under this Section 11.1.  Your notice to us must be sent to:  Sulake Oy, Legal, Kaarlenkatu 11, 00530 Helsinki, Finland.  Except to the extent Sulake determines it reasonably necessary to seek immediate relief to protect its or third-party rights, for a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Sulake and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Section 11 Dispute, though nothing will require either you or Sulake to resolve the Section 11 Dispute on terms with respect to which you and Sulake, in each of our sole discretion, are not comfortable.

 

11.2 Jurisdiction. The parties agree that the courts in Finland shall have jurisdiction of any Section 11 Dispute and you consent to the venue there.

 

11.3 Limited Time to File Claims.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IF YOU OR WE WANT TO ASSERT A SECTION 11 DISPUTE AGAINST THE OTHER, THEN YOU OR WE MUST COMMENCE IT (BY DELIVERY OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 11.1) WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER DISCOVERY OF THE SECTION 11 DISPUTE ARISES -- OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED.

 

12. SEVERABILITY

You and Sulake agree that if any portion of these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms, or of the Service’s Privacy Policy, is found illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other manner or jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions of the terms, which shall continue to be in full force and effect.

 

13. WIRELESS

The Service may offer certain features and services that are available to you via your wireless Device. These features and services may include the ability to access the Service’s features and upload content to the Service, receive messages from the Service, and download applications to your wireless Device (collectively, “Wireless Features”). Standard messaging, data and other fees may be charged by your carrier to participate in Wireless Features. Fees and charges may appear on your wireless bill or be deducted from your pre-paid balance. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain Wireless Features and certain Wireless Features may be incompatible with your carrier or wireless Device. You should check with your carrier to find out what plans are available and how much they cost.

You agree that as to the Wireless Features for which you are registered for, we may send communications to your wireless Device regarding us or other parties. Further, we may collect information related to your use of the Wireless Features. If you have registered via the Service for Wireless Features, then you agree to notify Sulake of any changes to your wireless contact information (including phone number) and update your Account on the Service to reflect the changes.

 

14. LINKING TO OUR SERVICE

We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal and non-transferable license to create hyperlinks to the Service, so long as: (a) the links only incorporate text, and do not use any Trademarks, (b) the links and the content on your web site do not suggest any affiliation with Sulake or cause any other confusion, and (c) the links and the content on your web site do not portray Sulake or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner, and do not contain content that is unlawful, offensive, obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, threatening, harassing, or abusive, or that violate any right of any third party or are otherwise objectionable to Sulake. Sulake reserves the right to suspend or prohibit linking to the Service for any reason, in its sole discretion, without advance notice or any liability of any kind to you or any third party.

 

15.      GENERAL PROVISIONS

15.1   Governing Law. You and we disclaim any application to these Terms of the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. To the maximum extent permitted by the mandatory laws in your country of residence, these Terms, any applicable Additional Terms and any dispute arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes), will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the United States for users located in the United States, and the laws of Finland for all other users, without regard to conflicts of law provisions that might apply other law.

 

15.2   Assignment. Sulake may assign or delegate these Terms, any applicable Additional Terms and/or the Service’s Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms and/or the Service’s Privacy Policy without Sulake’s prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and delegation by you is ineffective.

 

15.3   Entire Agreement. These Terms, any applicable Additional Terms, and any documents expressly incorporated by reference herein (including the Service’s Privacy Policy), contain the entire understanding of you and Sulake, and supersede all prior understandings of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof, whether electronic, oral or written, or whether established by custom, practice, policy or precedent, between you and us with respect to the Service.

 

15.4   No Waiver. The failure of Sulake to require or enforce strict performance by you of any provision of these Terms, any applicable Additional Terms and/or the Service’s Privacy Policyor failure to exercise any right under them shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of Sulake’s right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other instance. The express waiver by Sulake of any provision, condition, or requirement of these Terms, any applicable Additional Terms and/or the Service’s Privacy Policy shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement. Except as expressly and specifically set forth in this these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, no representations, statements, consents, waivers, or other acts or omissions by Sulake shall be deemed a modification of these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms nor legally binding, unless documented in physical writing, hand signed by you and a duly appointed officer of Sulake.

 

15.5   Notices; Updates To Terms; Questions and Customer Support. As our Service evolves, the terms and conditions under which we offer the Service may prospectively be modified and we may cease offering the Service under the Terms or any applicable Additional Terms for which they were previously offered. Accordingly, each time you sign in to or otherwise use the Service you are entering into a new agreement with us on the then-applicable terms and conditions, and you agree that we may notify you of other terms by posting them on the Service (or in any other reasonable manner of notice which we elect), and that your use of the Service after such notice constitutes your going forward agreement to the other terms for your new use and transactions. You can reject any new, revised or additional terms by discontinuing use of the Service and canceling your Account.

You agree that we may notify you via postings on the Service, and via e-mail or any other reasonable communications means to contact you based on the information you provided to us when creating your Account, with respect to changes to these Terms or any applicable Additional Terms. You agree to promptly notify us if you change your e-mail or mailing address by updating your Account settings.

All notices given by you or required from you under these Terms, any applicable Additional Terms and/or the Service’s Privacy Policy shall be in writing and addressed to: Sulake Oy, Legal, Kaarlenkatu 11, 00530 Helsinki, Finland. Any notices that you provide without compliance with this Section on Notices shall have no legal effect.

If you have a question about the Service, you may contact our Customer Service. You acknowledge that the provision of customer support is at Sulake’s sole discretion and that we have no obligation to provide you with customer support of any kind.

 

15.6 Equitable Remedies. You acknowledge that the rights granted and obligations made under these Terms and/or any applicable Additional Terms to Sulake are of a unique and irreplaceable nature, the loss of which shall irreparably harm Sulake and which cannot be replaced by monetary damages alone so that Sulake shall be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any bond or surety or proof of damages) in the event of any breach or anticipatory breach by you. You irrevocably waive all rights to seek injunctive or other equitable relief, or to enjoin or restrain the operation of the Service or any Content or other product or service, exploitation of any advertising or other materials issued in connection therewith, or exploitation of the Service or any content or other material used or displayed through the Service and agree to limit your claims to claims for monetary damages, limited by Section 9 (if any).

 

15.7 Copyright Infringement. If you believe that your copyright or other rights have been infringed by Content on the Service, please contact our Customer Service. For rights holders in the U.S., please click here  to see our infringement notice and takedown policy.

15.8 Force Majeure. Sulake shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of Sulake, including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Sulake’s control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.

 

 

16. TERMS APPLICABLE FOR APPLE iOS

If you are accessing or using the Service through an Apple Device, the following additional terms and conditions are applicable to you and are incorporated into the Terms by this reference:

(i)         To the extent that you are accessing the Service through an Apple Device, you acknowledge that these Terms are entered into between you and Sulake, and that Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) is not a party to these Terms other than as third-party beneficiary as contemplated below.

(ii)        The license granted to you in Section 1 of these Terms is subject to the permitted Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service (see: http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html) and any third party terms of agreement applicable to the Service.

(iii)       You acknowledge that Sulake, and not Apple, is responsible for providing the Service and Content thereof.

(iv)       You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance any support services to you with respect to the Service.

(v)        In the event of any failure of the Service to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Service.

(vi)       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and subject to the terms in these Terms, you acknowledge that, solely as between Apple and Sulake, Sulake, and not Apple is responsible for addressing any claims you may have relating to the Service, or your possession and/or use thereof, including, but not limited, to: (i) product liability claims, (ii) any claim that the Service fails to confirm to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. 

(vii)      Further, you agree that if the Service, or your possession and use of the Service, infringes on a third party's intellectual property rights, you will not hold Apple responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claims.

(viii) You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted

(ix)     You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.

(x)       When using the Service, you agree to comply with any and all third party terms that are applicable to any platform, website, technology or service that interacts with the Service.

 

Location-Based Features. 

If you have enabled GPS, geo-location or other location-based features on any mobile app(s) or feature(s), you acknowledge that your Device location may be tracked and may be shared with others consistent with the Service’s Privacy Policy. Some mobile app(s) or feature(s) allow for you to disable location-based features or manage preferences related to them.  However, you can terminate Device location tracking by us by disinstalling any mobile app(s) or feature(s).  The location-based services offered in connection with our mobile app(s) or feature(s) are for individual use only and should not be used or relied on as an emergency locator system, used while driving or operating vehicles, or used in connection with any hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, or any other situation in which the failure or inaccuracy of use of the location-based services could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or property damage.  The location-based services are not suited or intended for family finding purposes, fleet tracking, or any other type of business or enterprise use – other products exist today that may be used specifically for these purposes.

 

// End Terms //

 

© 2013 Sulake Oy.All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service
Updated on: 05/25/2018

 

Definitions
 
Account: The Account is the Member's dedicated personal area within the Application, which he or she accesses when he or she registers with and connects to the Application. It enables the Member to access the Services.

Application: The HAPPN application, available on the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store and the Microsoft Windows Phone Store.

Chat request: Is an action suggested before and/or after sending a Like. Chat request refers to the functionality “Say Hi” in the Application and is a non-confidential function that triggers a notification to the Member you want to “Say Hi” to and constitute an invitation to chat with this Member.

Credit: Credits are the units used within the Application. For Members, Credits are what allow them to send a Chat request to another Member.

Crush: A Crush is created between two profiles and triggered by a Like on both profiles. It represents a mutual interest which sends out a “You have a Crush” notification, allowing the Members to start a conversation.

Facebook Connect: Feature enabling Members to use their Facebook account to log in to the Application, in order to simplify the registration process.

Female Members: Members described as female in their personal information.

HAPPN: HAPPN, a French joint stock company (Société par Actions Simplifiée) with paid-in capital of €36 486,44 registered with the Paris RCS (trade and companies registry) as 535 217 723, and owner and sole operator of the HAPPN application and trademark.

Like: Action represented by a heart to express interest. This function is confidential and no notification is sent unless the Like is reciprocated.

Male Members: Members described as male in their personal information.

Member: Person registered with the Application.

Messages and vocal messages: Only Members who have a Crush can use the Application's “Chat” function to send each other Messages. Messages are stored in the inbox, which is accessible via the icon on the top right of the homepage.

Packs: Packs are Credit bundles which can be purchased by Members.

Pass: Action represented by a cross to express a lack of interest. This function is confidential and no notification is sent. “Passed” profiles will not appear on the Member's timeline in the future, unless he or she decides to cancel the Pass, which is free of charge and easily done under “Preferences”.

Services: All services (both charged and free-of-charge) offered by HAPPN to encourage virtual or real-life meet-ups between Members who have crossed paths and who have a mutual interest in one another according to the selected search criteria.

TCOU: These Terms and Conditions of Use.
 


Article 1: Scope
 

The TCOU define the rights and obligations of the parties when using the Application. They form the basis of the contractual relationship between the Member and the company HAPPN.

1.1 Conflicting Rules

These Terms and Conditions of Use (TCOU) determine the main rules of use for the Application. They are accompanied by additional policies – our Privacy Policy, our Confidence Charter and the Frequently-Asked Questions (FAQ) – which provide the Member with clearer guidance on how to use the Application. In the event of a conflict between the various policies making the rules inaccessible, unintelligible or unpredictable, these TCOU shall prevail over the Privacy Policy, the Confidence Charter and the FAQ.

1.2 Independence of Provisions

Should any provision of these TCOU be declared invalid or inapplicable due to the effects of a law, regulation or ruling by a court with relevant jurisdiction, the other provisions shall remain effective and in force, unless these TCOU become distorted, or the obligations of the parties significantly thrown out of balance.

 

 
Article 2: Amendments to the TCOU
 

2.1 Updates

HAPPN reserves the right, unilaterally and at any time, to end, add to or amend these TCOU as it sees fit or to terminate the Service.

The Member will be informed of the updates on the Application and/or by e-mail to the address given by the Member. It is the Member’s responsibility to see that this e-mail address is valid.

It is the Member’s responsibility to carefully read the updated TCOU and to be fully aware of any changes ensuing from said updates.

Complete acceptance of the changes is implied by the Member’s continued use of the Application’s Services following the updates.

Should the Member not agree with changes made to the TCOU, he or she has the option to end the Services and terminate the contractual relationship as per Article 16.3.

2.2 Immediate Effect

The new TCOU shall be effective immediately for all Members.

 

 
Article 3: Governing Law – Dispute resolution
 

3.1 Governing Law

These TCOU shall be governed by French law.

3.2 Dispute resolution

The Member will contact HAPPN first in order to try and find an amicable settlement to any dispute with HAPPN.

In case of failure, the Member is informed that he/she may choose to have recourse to mediation, free of charge, and submit its dispute to the Online Dispute Resolution platform proposed by the European Commission, which may be accessed at the following address: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.

Before initiating such a mediation procedure, the Member must have submitted the dispute to HAPPN in writing in order to try and find an amicable settlement.

Any challenge or dispute related to the formation, interpretation, performance or expiry of these TCOU or in any connection therewith which has not been amicably settled shall be submitted to the appropriate courts of Paris.

 

 
Article 4: Registration
 

4.1 Download Options

The Application is available on the Apple, Google and Microsoft official download platforms. It can be downloaded free-of-charge from the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store and the Microsoft Windows Phone Store, on iPhones running version iOS 8 or higher, Android Smartphones running version 4.1 or higher, and Windows Phones running version 8.1 or higher.

4.2 Member's Rights when Registering

Provided that the required conditions for Member status are met, HAPPN shall assign the Member a personal Account, which includes:

• A profile page

• An inbox

• A “notifications” option

4.3 Conditions of Membership when Registering

The Member must be over the age of 18, and must guarantee that all information that he or she provides when registering is true and up-to-date.

The Member is registered via Facebook Connect, which enables HAPPN to use the Member's profile photo, first name, age calculated based on the date of birth and interests in order to create a “profile” page. The Member should therefore check the accuracy of his or her Facebook information before registering with the Service.

Upon registration, the Member accepts these TCOU and the Privacy Policy and agrees to fulfill his or her obligations, and particularly those set out in the Member Code of Conduct under Article 9 of these TCOU.

 

 
Article 5: Services and Features
 

5.1 Purpose of the Service

The Application provides HAPPN Members with a user-friendly setting which enables contact with other Members in the same area or Members with whom they have crossed paths in the past, in order to set up virtual or real-life meetings for personal and recreational purposes. Each Member is free to talk to and form relationships with other Members in compliance with these TCOU.

The Services offered by HAPPN may in no case be likened to a counseling or marriage bureau service. Its sole aim is to facilitate virtual or real-life meet-ups through the Application between couples with a mutual interest, according to the Members’ locations and preferences.

5.2 Services for Members

Some of HAPPN's services are available on the Application free of charge (apart from connection and telecommunications costs) for Members who agree to comply with these TCOU, including:

• Unlimited sending of confidential Likes

• Unlimited sending of Messages and voice messages when one has a Crush

• Unlimited and confidential viewing of other Members' profiles

• Passing an unlimited number of Members

• Confidentially blocking all Members whose conduct justifies such an action

• Confidentially reporting all Members whose conduct is contrary to the TCOU or applicable law

• Viewing the list of Members previously passed or blocked

• Retrieving Members previously passed or blocked

• Accessing the list of Members with whom he or she has crossed paths during the use of the Services

• Using the integrated music streaming platform

• Configuring his or her search criteria

• Receiving notifications

• Inviting friends

• Consulting the FAQ and tutorials

• Finding out how many Chat requests he or she has received and how many Crushes he or she has without these figures being visible to other Members

• Completing his or her profile in compliance with the TCOU

• Deleting Messages and voice messages.

Charged services provided via the Application are available to Members by purchasing a Pack, the conditions of which are set out in Article 10.1. One Credit enables Members to send a Chat request to another Member.

 

 
Article 6: Personal Data Protection
 

6.1. Processing manager

 

The data collected is processed by SAS HAPPN with a capital of 36 486,44€ registered under the number 535 217 723 at the Paris RCS. Its headquarters are located at 8 rue du Sentier 75002 Paris, France, and the company is represented by its CEO, Mr. Didier Rappaport. 

 

HAPPN is very concerned with the protection of your personal data and the respect of your privacy. This privacy policy (along with our document on the use of cookies and our terms of service and any other document that references it) is meant to inform you on the way we process the personal data you share with us and that we collect when you use the Application and Services. We invite you to carefully read this document to better understand how we process your personal data, and to know your rights. 

 

This Privacy Policy is applicable to all Services created by HAPPN that you use (with the exception of services supplied and operated by third parties, in which case, their privacy policy applies). 

 

6.2. The information we collect

 

Your use of our Services makes it likely that we collect and process data necessary to the proper functioning of the Application and to the supply of the Services. It can be information you share with us directly, or data we collect automatically. 

 

6.2.1 Data you share directly 

 

When you use our Services, you are required to share some information, some of which may serve to identify you. When you communicate this information, you accept that some of it will be visible to the other Members of the Application, and therefore be made public on the Application. In an effort to help you identify this information easily, it is signaled as “public” below. HAPPN cannot be held liable for data published on its platform and disclosed by a Member. However, the information not marked as Public will not be visible or accessible by other Members. 

 

The information you share contains the following data: 

 

Registration data: this is the basic data that is necessary for you to register and access our Services. This data is collected by HAPPN from Facebook, via Facebook Connect, to simplify the process. When you click on “Facebook Connect”, you let Facebook share this data with us. This identity data is: 

 

Your photo (public): this is, at least, your public Facebook profile picture. You then have the option of removing this photo and/or adding other photos to your Account from your Facebook account or smartphone.
Your birthdate (private): only your age, as deducted from the birthday, will be visible to other members. You can also hide your age by subscribing to an option. 
Your gender (public)  
Your first name (public)
Your last name (private)
 

Sharing this information is mandatory. If you do not share it, happn will not be able to supply the Services offered in the Application and you will not be able to create an account. 

 

You may add additional information to improve your Profile. This information is optional, shared at your own discretion, and is your sole responsibility. You can add this information directly to your Profile on the Application and/or via Facebook Connect by synching your Account with Facebook. This data is: 

 

Information on your career (public) like your job or education. 
Your interests (public) like your personal preferences, hobbies, Facebook friends list allowing you to see possible friends in common on the Application. 
Your e-mail address (private). The Member commits to making sure the address collected from Facebook Connect is valid and/or to modify it to ease communications with HAPPN.
Your mobile phone number (private)
Your profile description (public): If you would like to, you can share additional information about you in the space provided for this purpose. This information will be visible to HAPPN Members. HAPPN does not encourage Members to share data that can be perceived as sensitive with other Member, or with HAPPN through the Application. Sensitive data refers to data that is legally qualified as “sensitive” by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). More specifically, it includes information on race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or affiliation with a union, along with information on health, sexual life or sexual preferences (“Sensitive Data”). If a Member decides to share such information on his/her profile regardless, it is deemed to have been “clearly made public” by the Member who shared it, according to the GDPR. 
 

Data on your interactions with HAPPN: we may ask you to share, or you may be in a situation where you need to give us information, for example when you contact our customer or support services, report an issue with our services, ask for help, exercise your personal data rights, or participate in a promo, game, contest, raffle, or survey, when you share your experience with our services, give testimonies, or answer one of our questionnaires. 

 

6.2.2 Data we collect automatically

 

When you use our services and features, we collect information regarding your activity on the Application: 

 

Activity data: when you access our Services and use the Application and its features, data on the way you use them may be collected and processed. More specifically, this includes your registration date, last connection, the type and number of interactions with other Members (like the “Hi”, Likes, crossings, and Crushes), with the third-party accounts connected to your Account (like Spotify, Instagram), or the number of transactions performed (purchasing credits or subscription(s)). 

 

Location Data (geolocation): the Application’s main value and purpose is to allow Members to find other Members they have crossed paths with to facilitate virtual and/or real life meet ups. You will be asked to authorize the collection and processing of your location data to allow HAPPN to identify your crossing points with other Members who agreed to be geolocated. The crossing points let HAPPN show you profiles of Members you have crossed paths with and who meet your search criteria. These crossing points can be displayed as a newsfeed or as a map. 

 

HAPPN can, if you deliberately agree, access your position, approximatively or more precisely depending on the technology you use. HAPPN does not recreate the movements and/or itineraries of its Members, and would like to remind you that it only keeps crossing locations between Members. The exact position or the itinerary of a Member is never available to the other Members.

You are free to withdraw your consent at any time and disable your smartphone’s geolocation option. If you choose to do so, your newsfeed will no longer be updated, and your will not be able see who you have crossed paths with after disabling the geolocation option. 

 

Transaction Data: HAPPN does not collect or process any bank data. Apple’s App Store, Google’s Play Store and Microsoft’s Windows Phone Store have opted to refrain from sending certain types data to mobile applications, which includes any banking and financial information. This data is collected and processed solely by the above platforms, and HAPPN does not have the option of changing this payment method. The only information exchanged between HAPPN and Apple’s App Store, Google’s Play Store, or Microsoft’s Windows Phone Store is technical data that doesn’t allow us to identify you (for example, a transaction number), which serves to confirm transactions. 

 

Data on the use of the messaging service: sent messages are stored on HAPPN’s servers exclusively, to provide the Service to allow Members having a Crush to have a conversation. Messages and voice notes are strictly private and only implicate the Members involved. HAPPN’s authorized managers do not hold or exercise any rights to view these conversations, except in cases of judicial request, and/or in compliance with legislative or administrative dispositions. Additionally, Messages are strictly private and are not accessible to other Members not involved in the conversation, nor to any third party. 

 

Search preferences data: The Application lets you set search preferences for age and gender. You can change these settings in the Application and specify the age range and, after agreeing to HAPPN collecting and processing your data, the gender of people you are looking for, so you can be matched exclusively with profiles you crossed paths with and who meet your search criteria. You will then only see the Members you’ve crossed paths with and who share your search preferences on your newsfeed. 

 

Device and equipment data: we collect information from the devices and equipment you use to access our Services, including server logs, which may contain information like IP addresses, version of the application, mobile model, mobile ID, language used, operating system, application crashes, and advertisement ID. HAPPN cannot access its Members’ browser history. Data may be collected with cookies: to learn more about this, please see our document on the Use of Cookies. 

 

6.3. How we use the data collected

 

The data collected by HAPPN allows us to provide the Services and make sure the Application is running smoothly, which it is contractually obligated to do, in virtue of the contract biding us with the Members (Terms of Service). Your data is therefore processed for the following purposes: 

 

Creating and managing your Member Account (including managing access to the Services and the customer or support services);
Geolocating to suggest Profiles of Members you have crossed paths with;
Managing and storing messages exchanged between Members;
Sending information messages regarding the Services or your interactions with other Members (notifications);
Sending happn or partner newsletters along with messages or marketing or advertising content by happn or by its partners. 
 

The data collected is also necessary to HAPPN fulfilling its legitimate interests (improving and optimizing its services, along with gaining a better knowledge of its Members and the ways in which they use the Services) and allow the company to run statistical studies, satisfaction surveys, and marketing analyses relating to the use of the Application and Services by the Members.  

As the data processing relies on the consent of Members to have their data processed, they can withdraw it at any time; withdrawal of the consent does not affect processing carried out before the withdrawal. 

HAPPN may process Members’ personal data in response to a legal request (search warrant, court order, or the like) or to comply with its legal, regulatory, judicial, or administrative obligations. 

Lastly, HAPPN can process your personal data to uncover or prevent fraudulent activities or breaches to the Service’s safety, in compliance with the law, or analyze reports of Members displaying a behavior breaching the Terms of Service. 

 

6.4. How data is shared

 

Only certain HAPPN employees from the customer or support services, and authorized managers process Members’ personal data for the purposes described above. These employees and authorized managers only have access to the data necessary to perform their duties. 

 

HAPPN may also enter into agreements with authenticated and reliable service providers and partners, who may access and/or process Members’ personal data, in compliance with the Privacy Policy, and while ensuring the safety and privacy of the Members’ personal data. These service providers and partners help us run and improve our Services, especially with regards to data hosting, surveys, analyses and statistics, the use and/or proper functioning of the Application, and providing the necessary assistance to Members, marketing and advertisement to send offers, messages, and relevant content to HAPPN Members. 

A Member’s personal data marked as “public” in article 6.2 above and that appears on his/her profile, is visible to other Members he/she crosses paths with and who have compatible search preferences. 

HAPPN may forward some data to a public body, if it is requested to do so, to comply with any judicial or legal request. 

Lastly, we may be required to share your data for the purposes of a corporate operation, which include, but is not limited to, a restructuring, a change in control of the company, a merger, an acquisition, a transfer, or a termination of the company. 

 

6.5. Overview of a Member’s rights

 

In compliance with the French Data Protection Act of January 6th, 1978 (Loi Informatique et Libertés), and the GDPR, every Member has a right to access, rectify, and a right to data portability and removal of his/her personal data, along with a right to contest or limit processing of his/her personal data, and the right to decide on the way to handle the personal data after his/her death.  In an effort to address its Members’ concerns, HAPPN commits to respecting the protection of personal data and to process requests as soon as possible. A Member can exercise his/her rights, granted he/she can prove his/her identity, by sending a letter or e-mail to support@happn.com or by exercising his/her rights directly on the Application. 

 

For any other claim, the Member may lodge a claim with the national authority responsible for the protection of data. 

 

The right to access allows a Member to ask HAPPN for data pertaining to him/her in an accessible format, based on Article 39 of the French Data Protection Act (Loi Informatique et Libertés), and article 15 of the GDPR.
The right to correct grants a Member the right to demand HAPPN corrects, adds to, updates or removes any personal data on him/her that is inaccurate, incomplete, ambiguous, out-of-date, or whose use, communication or storage is prohibited based on Article 40 of the French Data Protection Act (Loi Informatique et Libertés), and article 16 of the GDPR. You can modify or rectify your information directly on the Application. You just need to go on your profile and make changes directly in the sections “My photos”, “Career and Education (Job, Company, University)”, and “About me”. To change your first name, age, or gender, go to your Facebook page and update the “About me – contact and basic info” section of your profile. 
The right to data portability grants a Member the right to receive the personal data he/she gave to HAPPN, in a structured, commonly used format, legible on a machine, and to forward them to another processing entity, in compliance with article 20 of the GDPR. 
The right to contest grants a Member the right to contest, free of charge and at his/her own discretion, the use of his/her data by HAPPN for prospection, especially commercial, and to the processing based on HAPPN’s legitimate interest, in compliance with Article 38 of the French Data Protection Act (Loi Informatique et Libertés), and article 21 of the GDPR.
The right to delete grants a Member the right to demand the removal, free of charge and at his/her own discretion, of the data transmitted to HAPPN, within the limits of the rights based on article 17 of the GDPR. You can delete your account using the corresponding feature on the Application.  
The right for the Member to set the guidelines for the retention, deletion and communication of his/her personal data after his/her death, in compliance Article 40-1 of the French Data Protection Act (Loi Informatique et Libertés). 
 

These rights may only be exercised within the limits of HAPPN’s resources as it relates to its use of Facebook Connect. Some of the data is sent to HAPPN by Facebook Connect and cannot be corrected without Facebook's assistance. 

 

The Member can also rectify most of his/her personal data, at his/her own initiative, on the Application itself.

 

6.6. Storage of the data

 

HAPPN will store the Member's data for as long as required in order for the Member to use his/her Account, namely:

 

For the length of the Member’s enrollment, plus one year; 
For the length of the reporting, to process a report on fraudulent behavior; 
For three years when the account is suspended, in compliance with article 16.4 of the Terms of Service;
For 13 months for cookies, in compliance with legal provisions (see the document on our Use of Cookies).
 

Furthermore, please note that in accordance with its status as a hosting provider, HAPPN has a legal obligation to retain some of its Members' personal data for a period of one year based on Article 6, II of the French Trust in the Digital Economy Act (Loi pour la Confiance dans l’Économie Numérique) of 21 June 2004.

 

HAPPN undertakes to make every effort and to invest all means at its disposal to guarantee that the stored data is as secure as possible. However, it is the Member's responsibility to take appropriate measures to protect his/her data. 

HAPPN shall not collect data from minors. Should a Member lie about his/her date of birth, and particularly if he/she fraudulently claims to be over 18 years of age, the parents of the minor in question should inform HAPPN of this by sending an e-mail to the address mentioned in article 17, requesting the data to be deleted. HAPPN commits to deleting all data on the minor in question as soon as possible. 

 

6.7. Transfer of Personal Data outside the EU

 

When registering, the Member expressly consents to his/her data being transmitted to HAPPN’s service providers and subcontractors outside the European Union, to let HAPPN run statistical studies, support members, and if need be, host data processed by the Application. 

 

HAPPN guarantees that the transfers are made under conditions ensuring the confidentiality and security of the data and providing an adequate level of protection in compliance with regulations (notably the examples of contractual clauses provided by the European Commission)

 

6.8. Cookies 

 

To learn more, read our document on the Use of Cookies on our website. 

 

 
Article 7: CNIL Declaration
 

7.1 CNIL Declaration

The collection of Members’ personal data has been officially declared to the CNIL (French Commission on Data Protection).

 

 
Article 8: HAPPN's Obligations and Liability
 

8.1 Technical Resources and Security

HAPPN agrees to provide the infrastructure and technical resources to provide a high-quality Service to Members with an iPhone device running operating system version IOS 8 or higher, an Android Smartphone running version 4.1 or higher, or a Windows Phone running version 8.1 or higher.

HAPPN cannot be held liable for any operating fault on the Member's device or for any compatibility issue between the Application and the device.

Every effort is made to ensure that the risks of fraudulent access to HAPPN's system are minimized. HAPPN therefore uses a firewall or equipment located between the internet and the Company's private network, in order to make its security more robust by filtering traffic to and from the internet. It is, however, impossible to fully guarantee the security of a network.

HAPPN is not responsible for any failures, interruptions or poor performance of the Member's internet provider services, or for any cause beyond HAPPN's control which might interrupt or have an adverse effect on access to HAPPN Services.

The Member must have access to a secure e-mail account. If such a precaution is not taken, or even if it is, the Member's Account may, in some rare cases, be targeted by fraudsters.

HAPPN shall also endeavor to avert any exceptional risk to Members of receiving spam Messages or Messages claiming to have been sent by HAPPN. The Member must ensure that he or she reports any of the above circumstances to HAPPN by sending a letter or e-mail to the address provided in Article 17 hereof.

 

8.2 Illegal Conduct

HAPPN and its partners cannot be held liable for actions by its Members which are illegal or which incur criminal penalties, including but not limited to:

• All types of scams

• Prostitution

• Identity theft

• An infringement of a third party intellectual property right.

 

8.3 Reporting and Community Moderation System

As a hosting provider and pursuant to Article 6, I, 7° of the French Trust in the Digital Economy Act, HAPPN has no legal obligation to monitor the content sent or stored via the Application.

However, according to Article 6-I-3° of the French Trust in the Digital Economy Act, HAPPN must set up a reporting and community moderation system in order to report some illegal, abusive and prejudicial content.

 

In such case and after due verification by customer service, HAPPN commits to promptly remove the said content.

Pursuant to Article 6-I-5 of the French Trust in the Digital Economy Act: The knowledge of illicit content is deemed effective when the hosting provider is notified of following:

• The notification date

• The content transmitter’s identity

• The description of the facts in contention (possibly with screen shots of the conversation)

• The reasons of the reporting

HAPPN has therefore set up a reporting and community moderation system allowing Members to report the content described in Article 6-I-7° of the French Trust in the Digital Economy Act if it constitutes apology for crimes against humanity, apology for and incitement to terrorism, incitement to racial hatred, incitement to hatred based on gender, sexual orientation or handicap and inter alia child pornography, incitement to violence against women and violation of human dignity.

Guided by an extremely strict professional ethic and refusing any association with violent or insulting Members as well as illegal, abusive or prejudicial content, HAPPN’s team takes this reporting procedure very seriously.

Hence, when the content published by a Member is reported, the transmitter’s account can be removed or suspended according to the conditions set forth in Article 16.4. This decision is based on the proof given by the report’s author and is made in order to ensure the withdrawal of any illegal content in compliance with HAPPN’s legal obligations.

The Member having originally published the reported content will be informed of such a decision on the Application and/or by e-mail at the address given. He or she will in no case be informed of the identity of the report’s author.

Outside the scope of this reporting system, the Member can decide to block another Member in order to prevent any conversation with him or her (mutual prevention of access to Like, Chat request, Messages and voice messages that have been sent and of sending any messages in the future, or being alerted of the presence of a Member who has been blocked, particularly if they think this Member is bothering them in one way or another). It is possible, however, to unblock the Member free of charge in order to be in touch with him or her again. This action is confidential and enables Members to control the Members with whom they want to keep in touch or not.

This reporting system is available and operational:

• On an iPhone: at the bottom right of the Member's profile photo, and at the top right of the conversation with the Member in question;

• On a Smartphone: at the bottom right of the Member's profile photo, and at the top right of the conversation with the Member in question;

• On a Windows phone: at the bottom right of the Member's profile photo, and at the bottom right of the conversation with the Member in question.

Should content be published that was reported and that may be seen as a violation of law or regulations, the Member who is a victim of this content is encouraged to submit a complaint to the appropriate police authorities.

The reporting system put in place by HAPPN does not replace any complaint and judicial procedure against a Member who authored the reported content.

Any misuse of the community moderation system or any unjustified reporting of a Member shall be considered a breach of these TCOU, and penalties may be imposed including Account suspension (Pursuant to Article 16.4 of the TCOU), Account cancellation or even legal proceedings (Pursuant to Article 6-I-4° of the French Trust in the Digital Economy Act) under which damages may have to be paid to victims.

 

8.4 Duty of Caution

The Member is solely liable for checking the identity of the people with whom he or she wishes to arrange a “real-life” meet-up. HAPPN may not be held liable for any problems whatsoever arising from a “real-life” meet-up.

 

8.5 Group Events

Any use of HAPPN Services to organize a group meeting of its Members constitutes a misuse of the Service. Using the Application to plan or organize a demonstration on a public roadway is strictly prohibited. Should such a meeting take place, HAPPN may not be held liable in the case of a public order offense or any damage caused by such meeting.

 

 
Article 9: Member Code of Conduct
 

9.1 Duty of Fairness and Honesty when Registering

In order to become a Member, all of the following conditions must be met:

• Must be an adult as specified by French law (minimum of 18 years old on last birthday) ;

• Must have honestly and truthfully filled out the Facebook profile information. The Member must have provided the first name, sex and date of birth shown in his or her personal information. Failing that, the Member agrees to correct any errors on his or her Facebook profile, and to activate syncing of information between his or her Facebook profile and his or her Account ;

• Must have read these TCOU and have accepted them when confirming his or her registration.

• Must agree to regularly update the information provided when accessing his or her Account from the Application.

HAPPN does not have a legal obligation or the technical resources to verify the identity and age of Members. However, in the event of any doubt or cause for suspicion, or following the use of the “report” feature by a third party pointing to an identity theft or fictitious or incorrect information, HAPPN shall conduct an investigation as quickly as possible and may correct the information provided where necessary without misrepresenting the Member's profile.

For the duration of the investigation, HAPPN reserves the right to suspend the Account of any Member giving cause for suspicion as well as his or her access to the Application, and to conduct the necessary checks, in particular by asking him or her to send an official identity document. The Member will be informed of the suspension of his account via the application or by e-mail to the address given by the Member pursuant to Article 16.4.

Should the Member be unable to provide said proof, or in the case of a proven offence under these TCOU, HAPPN may cancel the Service for the Member in question in accordance with the conditions set out by Article 16.4 hereof.

 

9.2 Duty of Fairness and Honesty during Use

In order to remain a Member, all of the following conditions must be met:

• Be honest and truthful in his or her statements.

• Refrain from posting any photos of third parties online, or any confidential information about others such as financial data.

• Refrain from posting any content or photos on the Application which are pornographic or which violate modesty and human dignity.

• Respect the private nature of content and conversations exchanged with other Members through the Application, and therefore refrain from disclosing the content of such Messages.

• Refrain from violating intellectual property laws.

• Refrain from disrupting public order.

•  Refrain from committing defamation, and more generally from using insulting language, particularly of a racial or discriminatory nature.

• Comply with current laws and regulations.

• Refrain from inciting violence or advocating terrorism, war crimes or crimes against humanity.

• Refrain from infringing upon accepted social standards and standards of politeness with other Members.

• Refrain from infringing upon the normal running of the Application’s Services or infrastructure in any way.

• Refrain from using robots or tools other than those provided by HAPPN when using the Application to contact other Members.

• Refrain from using the Application to arrange escort services.

• Refrain from approaching other Members with the aim of promoting paid services or products.

• Refrain from disclosing his or her login information to other Members, particularly the username and password used to access his or her Account.

• Refrain from advertising or encouraging in any way the use of any other service, whether or not this is a competing service, and refrain from committing any offence relating to unfair competition.

• Refrain from using the Application to organize gatherings or demonstrations.

The Member shall not copy and/or disseminate, and/or transfer technical data that it might intercept on the network connected to the HAPPN application.

 

9.3 Personal Use

The Member agrees to use HAPPN solely for personal use. The HAPPN network must not be exploited for commercial, promotional, electoral or recruitment purposes. It is strictly prohibited to send Messages of a marketing and/or commercial nature and/or newsletters via the HAPPN inbox, including but not limited to content, guidelines or hyperlinks to third party sites or materials, particularly those of HAPPN's competitors.

 

9.4 Member's Liability

The Member is only liable for his or her own actions and for the data that he or she publishes via the Application.

Should HAPPN be held liable for any failure by the Member to comply with its obligations, the Member shall hold HAPPN harmless against any conviction made against it regarding the Member's infringement of the law or of these TCOU.

HAPPN does not moderate the content published by Members and shared through the Application. In particular, HAPPN's staff shall not check any photos, text or content to which hyperlinks published by Members are pointing. The Member may report unlawful content which violates French law or these TCOU using the moderation tools provided by the Application in accordance with Article 8.3.

 

9.5 Photos

All photos of a pornographic or exhibitionist nature, which violate modesty and are generally offensive to public moral values are strictly prohibited. The publication of such photos will be considered a serious offence and can lead to the suspension and/or closure of the Member’s Account, in addition to any other penalties that may be imposed by the courts.

 

9.6 Real-life Meet-ups

HAPPN advises Members who wish to arrange “real-life” meet-ups to be vigilant. Members are solely responsible for verifying the identity of those with whom they meet. “Real-life” meet-ups are arranged independently of HAPPN and are the sole responsibility of Members. HAPPN cannot be held liable for any acts or problems of any type which have been committed or caused by Members and/or former Members when such events occur after use of the Application. In this respect, one of the intended benefits of the HAPPN messaging service, again to ensure that Members remain safe and free from harassment, is to enable Members to decide which people should be allowed to see their profiles and talk to them.

As regards the people with whom the Member has agreed to exchange Messages, it is recommended that Members do not too readily reveal information which is not included in the profile such as a phone number, address or surname. For safety reasons, HAPPN strongly advises, that real-life meetings be arranged only in busy public places or that a friend or relative be informed of the meeting and that Members disclose their contact information only after a reasonable period of time.

 

9.7 Account Management

The Member must regularly consult his or her inbox and notifications, which HAPPN will use inter alia to keep the Member updated on information pertaining to its Services. This information may also be sent to the Member's e-mail address which is obtained through Facebook Connect.

The Member may access his or her Account Services by connecting to the Application using a confidential username and password. The Member is solely responsible for his or her login information and any use of this information by a third party. The Member shall specifically hold HAPPN harmless against any communication, use or declaration made using his or her Account.

 

9.8 Equipment

The cost of equipment (hardware or software) required to access the Services together with all other costs related thereto, including telecommunications costs, shall be borne solely by the Member. The Member is solely responsible for the hardware used to access the Service.

 

 
Article 10: Payment Terms
 

10.1 Pricing

Credits cannot be purchased individually. They are available in Packs of multiple Credits, at prices available in the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store and the Windows Phone Store.

Members receive a free Pack of 10 Credits when registering with the Application.

 

10.2 Secure Payment

Packs can be paid for securely in accordance with the payment terms of the Apple App Store, Google Play Store or Microsoft Windows Phone Store. The Apple App Store, Google Play Store and Microsoft Windows Phone Store alone are liable for their payment terms and processes, which are beyond HAPPN's control in accordance with the terms and conditions set out by the above platforms. Any refunds or payment-related requests must be sent to Apple, Google or Microsoft according to the device used to make the purchase.

Bank details are collected by Apple, Android and Microsoft and are beyond HAPPN's control.

 

 
Article 11: Services Provided
 

11.1 Credit Validity Period

Credits purchased or offered by HAPPN may only be used for the term during which the Account remains active, in compliance with the TCOU. However, in the event of early termination of the Account pursuant to Article 16.3, 16.4 or 16.5 hereafter, any remaining Credit at the date of termination shall be permanently deleted from the Account, without compensation of any kind.

A subsequent re-registration of the Member will not allow him or her to recover the lost Credits.

Specific case of Credits offered: HAPPN may offer Credits to Members as part of its loyalty program or for a special event.

 

11.2 Cumulative Services

Credit Packs are cumulative. The number of Credits in each Pack purchased is added to the remaining Credits in the Member's Account.

 

 
Article 12: Communication with the Member
 

12.1 Push Notifications

The Member may receive push notifications through the Application to notify him or her of important events, including but not limited to:

• A Chat request received from another Member

• A Message or vocal message received from another Member  

• A Message from HAPPN relating to the Member’s Account and/or Services

The Member may change his or her push notification preferences through his or her Account.

 

12.2 Newsletter

When the Member registers with the Application, he or she agrees to receive newsletters from HAPPN. He or she may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link provided in the newsletter and/or by exercising his or her right to cancel by sending an e-mail to the address provided in Article 17.

 

12.3 Advertising and promotional messages

HAPPN is free to post, through the Application, advertising and promotional messages from advertisers and any other partner. The Member expressly consents to receive such messages.

 

 
Article 13: Sponsoring
 

13.1 Inviting Friends

HAPPN allows its Members to invite friends to join the Application in order to widen the network and increase their chances of meeting someone. Members who sponsor a new user receive 5 free Credits. Members should only sponsor those in their immediate circle (friends and relatives) whom they know in real life. Consequently, group recommendations outside this circle are strictly prohibited.

 

13.2 Benefits

HAPPN reiterates that the benefits obtained from this optional feature are simple benefits solely for use as part of the Application. HAPPN in no case promises Members entitlement to any direct financial gain as a reward.

 

 
Article 14: Intellectual and Industrial Property
 

14.1 Prerogatives related to Trademark Law

The HAPPN trademark is exclusively owned by HAPPN (SAS or Simplified Joint Stock Company registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Registry under the number 535 217 723), and HAPPN holds all of the related rights. The trademark has been registered with the French National Institute for Industrial Property (Institut National de Propriété Industrielle) under the number 4109777, the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market under number 012787974, and the World Intellectual Property Organization.

Any reproduction and/or use and/or partial and/or total affixing and/or modification and/or deletion of the trademark and related rights, such as for example (without limitation) the Application's slogan and logo, through any method whatsoever and in any form whatsoever, in any format or through any medium whatsoever, is strictly prohibited without HAPPN's prior, express and written authorization, and legal proceedings may be brought.

The trademark is protected by Articles L713-2 et seq. of the French Intellectual Property Code (Code de la propriété intellectuelle) currently in force in France, and this protection is international.

 

14.2 Prerogatives related to Copyright

The original works provided by HAPPN are exclusively owned by HAPPN (SAS or Simplified Joint Stock Company registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Registry under the number 535 217 723). HAPPN holds all of the related rights.

Any representation and/or reproduction and/or distribution and/or partial and/or total exploitation of the content and Services provided by the Application, such as for example the software, animations, text, videos, graphics and more broadly the general structure, through any method whatsoever and in any form whatsoever, in any format or through any medium whatsoever, is strictly prohibited without HAPPN's prior, express and written authorization, and legal proceedings may be brought.

These original works are protected by Articles L335-3 et seq. of the French Intellectual Property Code (Code de la propriété intellectuelle) currently in force in France, and this protection is international.

 

14.3 License

The usage rights granted by HAPPN to the Member are restricted to private and personal use. Any other use by the Member is prohibited without HAPPN's authorization.  

The Member grants HAPPN and its partners a free-of-charge, non-exclusive, international and permanent license for the use, reproduction, representation, modification and translation of any basic intellectual property-related component (text, photos, videos etc.) that it may provide through the Application for the non-exclusive purpose of communicating with other Members. HAPPN shall use this license in a manner which complies with image rights and which protects the user's personal data, without misrepresenting the true nature of the Member's profile and therefore in keeping with this profile. This license permits HAPPN to ensure that these components are compatible with its technical performance or the required media formats. Rights are granted on an international basis and throughout the performance of these TCOU between the Member and HAPPN.

The Member shall retain ownership of any content and personal data that he or she provides.

The Member shall hold HAPPN harmless against any legal action, appeal or conviction brought against him or her due to his or her infringement of a third party's intellectual property rights. The Member shall hold HAPPN harmless against any resulting claims or damages.

 

 
Article 15: Unfair Competition
 

The following acts are strictly prohibited: the design of a product similar to the Application or the creation of a derivative, and more generally being guilty of parasitism, imitation, a smear campaign or any other act of unfair competition. HAPPN reserves the right, in this case, to serve a writ on the Member in question.

Any Member who succeeds in or attempts to grant licenses or sub-licenses, or to sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or commercially exploit in any other way, or to make available the Services or Application to a third party in any way shall risk serious legal penalties.

 

 
Article 16: Termination
 

16.1 Deactivation of the Account by the Member

The Member may deactivate his or her Account without notice through the Application if he or she no longer wishes to be visible on it.

Once the profile has been deactivated:

• The Member’s profile will be made invisible to other Members in the past, present and future.

• There will be no change to the legal data retention obligation.

• In the event of an Account being reactivated during the one-year period following the closure of the Account, the details kept will be reallocated to the profile, which will be visible again.

 

16.2 Uninstallation of the Application by the Member

The Member may uninstall the Application from his or her mobile at any time without notice. In that case, the Member shall have no further access to the Application unless he or she downloads it again.

Once the Application has been uninstalled:

• The Member’s profile will be made invisible to other Members in the past, present and future;

• There will be no change to the legal data retention obligation;

• In the event of an Account being reactivated during the one-year period following the closure of the Account, the details kept will be reallocated to the profile, which will be visible again.

However, Members are advised to log out of the Application before uninstalling it. By default, the Member's profile shall remain accessible for 24 hours following the uninstallation.

 

16.3 Deletion of the Account by the Member

The Member may decide, at any time and without notice, to permanently delete his or her Account by sending a letter or e-mail to HAPPN, whose postal address and e-mail address are shown in Article 17 hereof. In that case the Member's profile will be permanently deleted, including the remaining Credits on his or her Account.

Should the Member wish to start using the Application again, he or she must register under the same conditions as the original registration.

Once the Account has been deleted:

• The Member’s profile will be made invisible to other Members;

• The Member's data shall be retained for one year as of this date, as regards in particular the legal obligations incumbent upon HAPPN in accordance with the terms set out by Article 6.6 hereof, and shall be permanently deleted thereafter;

• The Member cannot reactivate his or her old Account;

• The remaining Credits on the Member’s Account on the day the Account is deleted, shall be definitively lost without any possibility to claim any reimbursement.

The Member will not be able to reactivate his/her previous Account.

 

16.4 Termination/ Suspension of the Account by HAPPN in case of breach of TCOU

In case of breach of TCOU by the Member, his or her account can at any time be suspended as a safeguard measure and then terminated as of right by HAPPN.

HAPPN will be entitled to suspend a Member’s account as long as necessary to allow the customer service team to make all investigations necessary following the report as required by Article 8.3 or in case of presumed breach of TCOU.

The reporting Member will be informed of such a decision on the Application and/or by email at the address given. The Member is invited to contact the customer service staff in order to get more information on the reasons of the suspension and in order to give some explanations and/or bring the proof that the breach has been cured.

If within 30 days following the notification of the account suspension, the Member has not contacted the customer service staff or if the elements given by the Members did not help to remedy the breach, HAPPN will be entitled to notify the Member of his account removal via the Application and/or by email to the address given. Unless stated otherwise, the duration of such removal is set at 3 years from the notification.

Upon Termination of the Account:

• The Member’s profile will be invisible to other Members;

• The Member's data shall be retained for one year as of this date, as regards in particular the legal obligations incumbent upon HAPPN in accordance with the terms set out by Article 6.6 hereof, and shall be permanently deleted thereafter;

• The remaining Credits shall be permanently deleted from the Account without any possibility to claim any reimbursement.

The Member will not be able to create another account for a 3-year period from the notification of the Account removal and the Member will be registered on an exclusion list.

 

16.5 Termination of inactive Accounts by HAPPN

As of January 1, 2017, at the latest, HAPPN will suspend inactive accounts as defined below:

An account is considered inactive if after a continuous period of one year:

• The Application of the Member did not establish contact with HAPPN’s servers (including because of deactivation of the geolocation process); and

• The Member has not used the Application

Note that both conditions must be met.

The Member will be informed by email (at the address given in the Application) of the suspension of his/her account subject to prior notice of eight (8) days.

During the period of notice, the Member is able to reactivate his/her Account, which result in the suspension of the termination procedure. The entire content of the Member’s profile will then be preserved.

At the end of the period of notice and in the absence of a contrary intention expressed by the Member, the Account will be automatically deleted by HAPPN.

Upon Termination of the Account:

• The Member’s profile will be invisible to other Members;

• The Member's data shall be retained for one year as of this date, as regards in particular the legal obligations incumbent upon HAPPN in accordance with the terms set out by Article 6.6 hereof, and shall be permanently deleted thereafter;

• The remaining Credits shall be permanently deleted from the Account without any possibility to claim any reimbursement.

The Member will not be able to reactivate his/her previous Account.

 

 
Article 17: Contact Details
 

Members can contact HAPPN by mail at 8 Rue du Sentier, 75002, Paris, or by e-mail at the following address: support@happn.com.

 

 
Article 18: Confidentiality Clause
 

In the event of a dispute, neither HAPPN nor the Member are authorized to disclose information about the agreement between them, and each party 

Terms & Conditions
1. GENERAL INFORMATION

1.1 HEADSPACE PRODUCTS

These Terms & Conditions (these “Terms”) contain the terms and conditions on which we supply content, products or services listed on www.headspace.com (the “Website”), through our applications (the “Apps”) or via other delivery methods to you (the Website and such content, products, services and the Apps are collectively referred to herein as the “Product” or “Products”, which may be updated from time-to-time at the sole discretion of Headspace). Please read these terms and conditions, carefully before ordering any Products from the Website or third party App stores (e.g. the Apple App Store, the Android Play Store, Amazon, etc.). The terms “Headspace,” “us” or “we” refers to Headspace, Inc. and its wholly owned UK based subsidiary, Headspace Meditation Limited. The term “Device” refers to the device which is used to access the Products including but not limited to computers, smart phones and tablets. The term “you” refers to the user of the Products. When you order (“Order”) any Products, or otherwise use or access the Products, you agree to be bound by these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You may also be asked to click “I accept” at the appropriate place prior to your purchase of access to the Products. At such time, if you do not click “I accept”, you may not be able to complete such purchase or gain such access. By using the Products, you indicate that you accept these Terms and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these Terms, please refrain from using the Products.
Our contact email address is help@headspace.com. All correspondence to Headspace including any queries you may have regarding your use of the Products or these Terms should be sent to this contact email address.
1.2 ARBITRATION NOTICE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER

PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE. EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE, YOU AND HEADSPACE AGREE THAT DISPUTES RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND YOU AND HEADSPACE WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
1.3 BASIS OF LICENSE

(a) These Terms and the Order set out the whole agreement between you and us for the supply of the Products. In order to participate in certain Products, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions; those additional terms are hereby incorporated into these Terms. Where such terms are inconsistent with these Terms, the additional terms shall control.
(b) Please check that the details in these Terms and on the Order are complete and accurate before you use or commit yourself to purchase the Products. If you think that there is a mistake, please make sure that you ask us to confirm any changes in writing, as we only accept responsibility for statements and representations made in writing by an officer of Headspace.
(c) AS PART OF YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS, YOU AFFIRMATIVELY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING AND STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES AND THE UNITED KINGDOM, INCLUDING THE PROCESSING AND STORING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES AND THE UNITED KINGDOM FOR THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING PAYMENTS AND TRACKING INDIVIDUAL USE OF THE PRODUCTS. BY USING THE PRODUCTS, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE UNITED STATES AND THE UNITED KINGDOM MAY NOT HAVE THE SAME LEVEL OF PROTECTIONS FOR YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT EXIST IN YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE, AND YOU NONETHELESS CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING AND STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES AND THE UNITED KINGDOM. WE WILL TAKE MEASURES AS REQUIRED TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAW REGARDING THE TRANSFER, STORAGE AND USE OF CERTAIN PERSONAL INFORMATION.
1.4 CHANGES TO TERMS

Headspace reserves the right to change or update these Terms, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users by posting such changed or updated Terms on this page. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to www.headspace.com. Your continued use of the Products constitutes your agreement to abide by the Terms as changed. Under certain circumstances we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Terms by additional means, such as pop-up or push notifications within the Products or email.
2. MEMBERSHIPS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS

2.1 BECOMING A MEMBER

(a) You may sign up as a registered user of the Products free of charge (a “Member”). To become a Member you need to go to the relevant section of the Products, then submit your email address to us, and create a username and password to be used in conjunction with that email address. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your Device.
(b) In the course of your use of the Products, you may be asked to provide certain personalized information to us (such information is referred to hereinafter as “User Information”). This User Information may include information from your Facebook and similar social networking profiles. Our information collection and use policies with respect to the privacy of such User Information are set forth in the Headspace Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of User Information, and you agree to keep it up to date.
(c) By placing an Order through the Products, you warrant that:
(i) You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts; (ii) All registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (iii) You will maintain the accuracy of such information; and (iv) Your use of the Products does not violate any applicable law or regulation.
2.2 ONCE A MEMBER

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, password and other User Information and for restricting access to your Device to further help protect such information. You are responsible for updating your User Information.
2.3 USE OF HEADSPACE BY MINORS

You must be 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your province, territory or country, to sign up as a registered user of the Products. Individuals under the age of 18, or the applicable age of majority, may utilize the Products only with the involvement and consent of a parent or legal guardian, under such person's account and otherwise subject to these Terms.
2.4 MEMBERSHIP

As a Headspace Member you will receive access to certain sections, features and functions of the Products that are not available to non-members.
By agreeing to become a Member you opt-in to receiving occasional special offer, marketing, survey and Product based communication emails. You can easily unsubscribe from Headspace commercial emails by following the opt-out instruction in these emails. Headspace memberships and subscriptions are not transferable and therefore cannot be sold or exchanged or transferred in any way whatsoever.
2.5 SUBSCRIPTIONS

(a) Headspace account holders may access the Products in two ways:
(i) "Basics" Free Trial: a free-of-charge program, which gives unlimited access to ten days of our “Foundation Course.”
(ii) Paid Subscription: a subscription fee-based program, which gives access to all content including and beyond the "Basics" Free Trial. You may have access to a free trial period of the subscription program in accordance with certain promotional offers. All subscription services provide access through the Products. You can become a subscriber by purchasing a subscription to the Products from the Website, within the Apps, where allowed by the App marketplace partners, or through a bundle with one or more of our bundle subscription partners. Please note that if you purchase a subscription through the Apple iTunes Store or our iPhone application, the sale is final, and we will not provide a refund. Your purchase will be subject to Apple’s applicable payment policy, which also may not provide for refunds. If you purchase a subscription through the Google Play store, the sale is final and we will not provide a refund. Your purchase will be subject to Google’s applicable payment policy, which also may not provide for refunds. If you purchase through one or more of our bundle subscription partners, the purchase may be further subject to the Terms and Conditions of such partners, and payment and management of the bundle subscription may be administered by them.
(b) Headspace offers monthly, annual, two year and forever subscription options. For the purposes of our monthly and yearly subscriptions, a month constitutes 30 calendar days, a year constitutes 365 calendar days and two years constitutes 730 calendar days. For the purposes of our forever subscription, forever constitutes 100 years or until the date Headspace ceases to commercially offer the Products.
(c) Our “Monthly” subscription is paid in monthly installments. For each month that your monthly subscription is active, you acknowledge and agree that Headspace is authorized to charge the same credit card as was used for the initial subscription fee or other payment method as set forth in section 2.6(h) (the “Payment Method”) in the amount of the then current monthly subscription fee. The monthly renewal subscription fees will continue to be billed to the Payment Method you provided, automatically until cancelled. You must cancel your subscription before it renews each month in order to avoid billing of the next month’s subscription fee to the Payment Method you provided. Refunds cannot be claimed for any partial-month subscription period.
(d) Our “Yearly” and “Two Year” subscriptions are paid for by an upfront one-off payment with automatic annual or two year renewals respectively. You acknowledge and agree that Headspace is authorized to charge the Payment Method used for (i) the initial annual or two year subscription fee at the rate secured at the time of purchase, and (ii) the renewal subscription fee(s) at the non-discounted rate in effect at the time of any such renewal. You must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of the renewal subscription fee to the Payment Method you provided. Refunds cannot be claimed for any partial subscription period.
(e) Our “Forever” subscription is paid for by a one-off upfront payment.
(f) You may cancel automatic renewals of your subscription at any time by emailing help@headspace.com. Please note that if you purchase a subscription through the Apple iTunes Store or our iPhone application, you may cancel automatic renewals by selecting Manage App Subscriptions in your iTunes Account settings and selecting the subscription you want to modify. If you purchase a subscription through the Google Play store you may cancel automatic renewals in account settings under Subscriptions in the Google Play app, or according to the current process outlined by Google Play. If you purchase a subscription through a bundle subscription partner, you may cancel according to the process outlined by the bundle subscription partner.
(g) You agree to promptly notify Headspace of any changes to the Payment Method you provided while any subscriptions remain outstanding. You are responsible for all applicable fees and charges incurred, including applicable taxes, and all subscriptions purchased by you.
(h) In the course of your use of the Products, Headspace and its third party payment service provider may receive and implement updated credit card information from your credit card issuer in order to prevent your subscription from being interrupted by an outdated or invalid card. This disbursement of the updated credit card information is provided to Headspace and Headspace’s third party payment service provider at the sole election of your credit card issuer. Your credit card issuer may give you the right to opt-out of the update service. Should you desire to do so, please contact your credit card issuer.
(i) Our obligation to provide the Products only comes into being when we take receipt of your Order, and we confirm your purchase to you by email. We shall confirm your Order and send you an email to confirm your access to the subscription purchased. Please quote the Order number in all subsequent correspondence with us. Prices in US Dollars and Euros include local taxes. All prices in Pound Sterling include VAT unless otherwise stated. You agree not to hold us responsible for banking charges incurred due to payments on your account. If payment is not received by us from the Payment Method you provided, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand by us. You agree that you are not permitted to resell any Products purchased through Headspace for commercial purposes.
2.6 DEVICE REQUIREMENTS

To enjoy Headspace via your smartphone or other Device, your Device must satisfy certain system requirements. These requirements can be found on the Website and the Google, Apple and Amazon App marketplaces.
2.7 GIFTING

“Gift Subscriptions” are pre-paid memberships to the Products. A person who purchases the gift is referred to in these terms as the “Giftor”. A person who receives and redeems a Gift Subscription to the Products is referred to in these terms as the “Recipient”. Gift subscriptions are paid for as a one-off upfront payment. Once bought, the Giftor will receive an Order confirmation and receipt. The Headspace gift subscription will be sent to the Recipient on the Giftor’s specified date. Gifting codes can only be used once in the country for which they were purchased and cannot be redeemed for cash, resold or combined with any other offers, including free trial. Please note that gifting codes cannot be redeemed if the Recipient has already purchased a subscription through the Apple iTunes Store or our iPhone application, or the Google Play Store or our Android application. We will automatically bill the Payment Method you provided for any purchased Gift Subscriptions at the time of purchase, not delivery. There are no refunds or other credits for Gift Subscription that are not redeemed. Headspace will notify the Recipient prior to the end of the Gift Subscription that the gift period is about to expire. Headspace is not responsible if a Gift Subscription is lost, stolen or used without permission.
2.8 CORPORATE AND OTHER CONSUMER COMMUNITIES

While Headspace is a consumer products company, there is increasing interest by large consumer communities (corporations, universities, hospitals, etc.) (“Communities”) to introduce the Products to their employees and members. In some cases, these Communities may supplement these Terms with their own terms and conditions. In such event, these Community terms and conditions shall also apply to your use of the Products. In the event of any conflict with such additional terms and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail.
2.9 CHANGING FEES AND CHARGES

We may at any time and from time to time, in our sole discretion, change the fees and charges, or add new fees and charges, in relation to any of the Products. We will notify you at least 30 calendar days in advance of any such change. If you do not agree to the change, you may cancel your membership or subscription in your account settings or by emailing help@headspace.com.
3. CANCELLATION OF SERVICES

3.1 CANCELLATION BY YOU

(a) You may cancel a Monthly subscription at any time. Cancellation is effective at the end of the applicable monthly period. Please make any such cancellation by visiting here or emailing help@headspace.com.
(b) You may cancel our Yearly, Two Year and Forever subscription plans within the 30-day money back guarantee offer, which entitles you to cancel your subscription and have the full cost refunded to you up to 30 calendar days from your first date of payment, by emailing help@headspace.com. You are entitled to one refund only. After your refund, any future subscriptions will no longer qualify for the 30-day money back guarantee. No such refunds will apply to subsequent renewals of the Yearly and Two Year subscriptions or subscriptions purchased through the Apple iTunes Store or our iPhone application, or the Google Play Store or our Android application.
(c) Please note that if you purchase a subscription through the Apple iTunes Store or our iPhone application, you may cancel your subscription by cancelling automatic renewal of paid In App Subscriptions by selecting Manage App Subscriptions in your iTunes Account settings and selecting the subscription you want to modify. If you purchase a subscription through the Google Play store you may cancel automatic renewals in account settings under Subscriptions in the Google Play app, or according to the current process outlined by Google Play.
3.2 CANCELLATION BY US

We may suspend or terminate your use of the Products as a result of your fraud or breach of any obligation under these Terms. Such termination or suspension may be immediate and without notice. A breach of these Terms, includes without limitation, the unauthorized copying or download of our audio or video content from the Products.
3.3 PROMOTION CODES

Any promotion code or offer provided by us may not be used in conjunction with any other promotion code or offer, past or present. Introductory offers are only available to new users of the Products, except where expressly stated otherwise. Previous users or trial users of the Products do not qualify as new users. No promotion code or discount will apply to corporate or other Community subscriptions. Unless otherwise set forth in the terms of any promotion, all pricing promotions or discounts will apply to the initial period of the subscription, and any renewals will be charged at the rate in effect at the time of renewal for the type of subscription purchased.
4. PROHIBITED USE OF THE PRODUCTS

4.1 You agree not to upload, post, email or otherwise send or transmit or introduce any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, harm, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or equipment linked directly or indirectly with the Products or the Products themselves. You agree not to interfere with the servers or networks underlying or connected to the Products or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Products. You may not access the Products in an unauthorized manner.
4.2 You agree not to impersonate any other person while using the Products, conduct yourself in an offensive manner while using the Products, or use the Products for any illegal, immoral or harmful purpose.
4.3 By breaching the provisions of this section 4, you may commit a criminal offense under applicable laws. We may report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we may cooperate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Products will cease immediately.
4.4 You agree not to use the Products for any purposes related to scientific research, analysis or evaluation of the Products without the express written consent of Headspace.
5. MATERIALS OFFERED THROUGH THE PRODUCTS

5.1 COPYRIGHT

(a) All materials (including software and content whether downloaded or not) contained in the Products are owned by Headspace (or our affiliates and/or third party licensors, where applicable), unless indicated otherwise. You agree and acknowledge that the materials are valuable property and that other than any specific and limited license for use of such materials, you shall not acquire any ownership rights in or to such materials. The materials may not be used except as provided for in these Terms, and any other relevant terms and conditions provided to you without our prior written permission.
(b) You acknowledge and agree that certain materials on or in the Products are the property of third party licensors and, without prejudice to any and all other rights and remedies available, each such licensor has the right to directly enforce relevant provisions of section 12 against you.
(c) Audio or video content from Headspace not explicitly indicated as downloadable may not be downloaded or copied from the Products or any Device.
(d) The Products are not intended for your commercial use. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed by us without notice and may result in termination of privileges. You must not use any part of the materials used in or on the Products for commercial purposes without obtaining a written license to do so from us. Material from the Products may not be copied or distributed, or republished, or transmitted in any way, without our prior written consent. Any unauthorized use or violation of these Terms immediately and automatically terminates your right to use the Products and may subject you to legal liability. You agree not to use the Products for illegal purposes (including, without limitation, unlawful, harassing, libelous, invasion of another’s privacy, abusive, threatening or obscene purposes) and you agree that you will comply with all laws, rules and regulations related to your use of the Products. Appropriate legal action may be taken for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Products.
(e) A limited amount of content may be marked and authorized for the user to share in their personal social channels (Facebook, Twitter, etc.). With respect to content made available by Headspace through the Products that is specifically identified as available for distribution by you (“Distribution Content”) as part of your blog or other online commentary, analysis or review (“User Commentary”), Headspace grants you a limited right to download, reproduce and distribute Distribution Content over the internet as part of your User Commentary. You may also modify such Distribution Content but only as required to technically enable the display and distribution of such content through your computer systems and over the Internet (e.g. a change in video format or file size) provided such modification does not materially alter the substance or quality of such content. Your display and distribution of Distribution Content may also be subject to other terms and conditions that are set forth in the description of such content in the Products, such as display and distribution of Distribution Content only within specified usage dates. You agree not to publish the Distribution Content with other content that is known by you to be false, inaccurate, or misleading or that is, or that encourages activity or conduct that is, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable. Distribution Content may contain trackers that enable us to collect information with respect to the distribution and consumption of such content.
(f) You may not otherwise download, display, copy, reproduce, distribute, modify, perform, transfer, create derivative works from, sell or otherwise exploit any content, code, data or materials in the Products. If you make other use of the Products, or the content, code, data or materials thereon, except as otherwise provided above, you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States, other countries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use. Headspace will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
5.2 TRADEMARKS

Headspace®, the Headspace logo and all other Headspace product or service marks are trademarks of Headspace. All intellectual property, other trademarks, logos, images, product and company names displayed or referred to on or in the Products are the property of their respective owners. Nothing grants you any license or right to use, alter or remove or copy such material. Your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the Products is strictly prohibited. Headspace will enforce its trademark rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
6. AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS

6.1 Although we aim to offer you the best service possible, we make no promise that the Products will meet your requirements and we cannot guarantee that the Products will be fault free. If a fault occurs in the Products, please report it to us at help@headspace.com and we will review your complaint and, where we determine it is appropriate to do so, correct the fault. If the need arises, we may suspend access to the Products while we address the fault. We will not be liable to you if the Products are unavailable for a commercially reasonable period of time.
6.2 Your access to the Products may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or Products. We will restore the Products as soon as we reasonably can. In the event that the Products are unavailable, our usual Order and cancellation deadlines apply; please notify us of changes to your Order by emailing help@headspace.com.
7. USER MATERIAL

7.1 The Products may let you submit material to us: for example, you may be able to upload a photo to your profile, post subjects and comments in the community and comment on various matters in various parts of the Products. You may be able to upload video, images or sounds. In these Terms, we use the term “User Material” to refer to any publically available material of any kind that you submit to us, including text, files, images, photos, video, sounds and musical or literary works. User Material does not include the account information, Product purchase, or Product use information which you provide in registering for and using Products.
7.2 This section 7 sets out the rights and obligations that each of us have in connection with User Material. If you review or submit User Material, you are agreeing to do so in accordance with these Terms. If you do not want to review or submit User Material in accordance with these Terms, then you should not do so.
7.3 We do not systematically review User Material submitted by you or other users. We are not responsible for the content of User Material provided by you or any other user. We do not necessarily endorse any opinion contained in such material. We make no warranties or representations, express or implied, about User Material, including as to its legality or accuracy.
7.4 We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse to post or to remove or edit any of your User Material, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Products, particularly where User Material breaches this section 7, and we may do this with or without giving you any prior notice.
7.5 We may link User Material or parts of User Material to other material, including material submitted by other users or created by Headspace or other third parties. We may use User Material for our internal business purposes, for example, to examine trends or categories or to promote, market or advertise Headspace. You acknowledge that we may indirectly commercially benefit from use of your User Material.
7.6 Each time you submit User Material to us, you represent and warrant to us as follows:
(a) You own your User Material or have the right to submit it, and in submitting it you will not be infringing any rights of any third party, including intellectual property rights (such as copyright or trade mark), privacy or publicity rights, rights of confidentiality or rights under contract.
(b) Your User Material is not illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, and does not encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, and does not give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise deemed inappropriate.
(c) Your User Material does not advertise any product or service or solicit any business.
(d) Your User Material does not identify any individual (including by way or name, address or a still picture or video) under the age of 18 and if User Material identifies any individual over the age of 18, you have that person’s consent to being identified in exactly that way in your User Material; and in submitting your User Material you are not impersonating any other person.
(e) You will not collect usernames and/or email addresses of users for the purpose of sending unsolicited email.
(f) You will not engage in criminal or tortious activity, including fraud, spamming, spimming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, copyright infringement, patent infringement, or theft of trade secrets or attempt to impersonate another user or person.
(g) You will not engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to alter our content.
(h) You will not, without authorization, access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Products, Headspace’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Headspace’s providers.
(i) Except as necessary to maintain your own computer security by use of commercial-off-the-shelf anti-virus or anti-malware products, you will not attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Products or any other Headspace system or network or breach any security or authentication measures.
7.7 We are entitled to identify you to third parties who claim that their rights have been infringed by User Material you have submitted.
7.8 User Material is not considered to be confidential. You agree not to submit any content as User Material in which you have any expectation of privacy. We do not claim any ownership rights in User Material. However, by submitting User Material you hereby grant Headspace an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide license to use, telecast, copy, perform, display, edit, distribute and otherwise exploit the User Material you post on the Products, or any portion thereof, and any ideas, concepts, or know how contained therein, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of any permission from or payment to you or to any other person or entity, in any manner (including, without limitation, for commercial, publicity, trade, promotional, or advertising purposes) and in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such User Material, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing without any payment of money or any other form of consideration to you or to any third party. Headspace may include your User Material in Headspace’s Distribution Content that is made available to others through the Products. Be aware that Headspace has no control over User Material once it leaves the Products, and it is possible that others may duplicate material found on the Products, including, but not limited to, on other sites on the Internet. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control the rights to your User Material. You agree to indemnify Headspace and its affiliates for all claims arising from or in connection with any claims to any rights in your User Material or any damages arising from your User Material.
7.9 Any inquiries, feedback, suggestions, ideas, other information which is not part of your use of the Products or User Material that you provide to us (collectively, “Submissions”) will be treated as non-proprietary and non-confidential. By transmitting, uploading, posting, e-mailing, or otherwise submitting Submissions to the Products, you grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Headspace an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide license to use, telecast, copy, perform, display, edit, distribute and otherwise exploit the Submissions, or any portion thereof and any ideas, concepts, or know how contained therein, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of any permission from or payment to you or to any other person or entity, in any manner (including, without limitation, for commercial, publicity, trade, promotional, or advertising purposes) and in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Submissions, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing without any payment of money or any other form of consideration to you or to any third party. You also acknowledge that your Submissions will not be returned to you and that Headspace has no obligation to acknowledge receipt of or respond to any Submissions. If you make a Submission, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control the rights to your Submission. You agree to indemnify Headspace and its affiliates for all claims arising from or in connection with any claims to any rights in any Submission or any damages arising from any Submission.
8. LINKS TO WEBSITES/HOME PAGE

8.1 We may provide links to other websites or services for you to access. You acknowledge that any access is at your sole discretion and for your information only. We do not review or endorse any of those websites or services. We are not responsible in any way for:(a) the availability of, (b) the privacy practices of, (c) the content, advertising, products, goods or other materials or resources on or available from, or (d) the use to which others make of these other websites or services. We are also not responsible for any damage, loss or offense caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on such websites or services.
8.2 You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. The Products must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of the Products unless you have written permission to do so from Headspace. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission with written notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy. If you wish to make any use of material on or in the Products other than that set out above, please address your request to help@headspace.com.
9. PRODUCTS DISCLAIMER

The information contained in the Products is for general information purposes only. While we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the Products or the information contained on the Products for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
10. MEDICAL DISCLAIMER

10.1 Headspace is a provider of online and mobile meditation content in the health & wellness space. We are not a health care or medical device provider, nor should our Products be considered medical advice. Only your physician or other health care provider can do that. While there is third party evidence from research that meditation can assist in the prevention and recovery process for a wide array of conditions as well as in improving some performance and relationship issues, Headspace makes no claims, representations or guarantees that the Products provide a therapeutic benefit.
10.2 Any health information and links on the Products, whether provided by Headspace or by contract from outside providers, is provided simply for your convenience.
10.3 Any advice or other materials in the Products are intended for general information purposes only. They are not intended to be relied upon and are not a substitute for professional medical advice based on your individual condition and circumstances. The advice and other materials we make available are intended to support the relationship between you and your healthcare providers and not replace it. We are not liable or responsible for any consequences of your having read or been told about such advice or other materials as you assume full responsibility for your decisions and actions. In particular, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we make no representation or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the advice, other materials and information published as part of the Products.
10.4 There have been rare reports where people with certain psychiatric problems like anxiety and depression have experienced worsening conditions in conjunction with intensive meditation practice. People with existing mental health conditions should speak with their health care providers before starting a meditation practice.
11. END USER LICENSE

11.1 Subject to the terms of this license agreement (“License Agreement”), as set out in this section 11, and these other Terms, and your payment of applicable subscription fees, Headspace grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to stream, download and make personal non-commercial use of the Products.
11.2 The Products contain or embody copyrighted material, proprietary material or other intellectual property of Headspace or its licensors. All right, title and ownership in the Products remain with Headspace or its licensors, as applicable. The rights to download and use the Products are licensed to you and are not being sold to you, and you have no rights in them other than to use them in accordance with this License Agreement and our other Terms.
11.3 You agree that you will not and you will not assist or permit any third party to:
(a) Copy, store, reproduce, transmit, modify, alter, reverse-engineer, emulate, de-compile, or disassemble the Products in any way, or create derivative works of the Products;
(b) Use the Products or any part of them to create any tool or software product that can be used to create software applications of any nature whatsoever;
(c) Rent, lease, loan, make available to the public, sell or distribute the Products in whole or in part;
(d) Tamper with the Products or circumvent any technology used by Headspace or its licensors to protect any content accessible through the Products;
(e) Circumvent any territorial restrictions applied to the Products; or
(f) Use the Products in a way that violates this License Agreement or the other Terms.
11.4 You may not make the Products available to the public. The Products made available (in whole or in part) are owned by Headspace or its licensors and your use of them must be in accordance with these Terms.
12. DIGITAL MILLENIUM COPYRIGHT ACT (“DMCA”) NOTICE

12.1 We are committed to complying with copyright and related laws, and we require all users of the Products to comply with these laws. Accordingly, you may not store any material or content on, or disseminate any material or content over, the Products in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including rights granted by copyright law. Owners of copyrighted works in the United States who believe that their rights under copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) to report alleged infringements. You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is our policy to terminate privileges of any user who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of proper notification to us by the copyright owner or the copyright owner’s legal agent.
12.2 If you feel that a posted message is objectionable or infringing, we encourage you to contact us immediately. Upon our receipt of a proper notice of claimed infringement under the DMCA, we will respond expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures specified in the DMCA to resolve the claim between the notifying party and the alleged infringer who provided the content in issue. Our designated agent (i.e., the proper party) to whom you should address such notice is listed below.
12.3 If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Products in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our designated agent with the following information:
(a) An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
(b) A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
(c) A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Products;
(d) Your address, telephone number, and email address;
(e) A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
(f) A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in your report is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
(g) Our designated agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By Mail: Headspace, Inc. Attn: Copyright Agent 500 Molino St., Suite 118 Los Angeles, CA 90013
By E-Mail: hcannom@wscylaw.com Subject line: DMCA
13. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

13.1 ASSIGNMENT BY US

Headspace may transfer its rights and obligations under these Terms to any company, firm or person at any time if it does not materially affect your rights under it. You may not transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone else. These Terms are personal to you and no third party is entitled to benefit under these Terms except as set out here.
13.2 INDEMNITY BY YOU

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Headspace and its directors, officers, members, investors, managers, employees and agents harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising in any way from your use of the Products, your placement or transmission of any message, content, information, software, or other submissions through the Products, or your breach or violation of the law or of these Terms. Headspace reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with Headspace defense of such claim.
13.3 WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS

(a) We warrant to you that any Product purchased from us will, on delivery, conform in all material respects with its description and be of reasonably satisfactory quality.
(b) We warrant that we will use reasonable skill and care in making the Products available to you during your subscription.
(c) Nothing in this sections 13.3 or otherwise in these Terms shall exclude or in any way limit Headspace’s liability for: fraud; death or personal injury caused by negligence; or liability to the extent the same may not be excluded or limited as a matter of law.
(d) The Products and their content are otherwise provided on an “as is” basis and we make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to them, including as to the accuracy, completeness or currency of the Products or their content. We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Products, or any failures, delays, or interruptions in the provision of the Products. We disclaim and exclude any express or implied warranties or representations, including any warranties as to merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of the Products to the broadest extent permitted by law. We make no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the timeliness, accuracy, quality, completeness or existence of the content and information posted on the Products. We make no warranties or representations, express or implied, for technical accessibility, fitness or flawlessness of the Products. We make no warranties or representations that your use of content and information posted on the Products will not infringe rights of third parties.
(e) All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity are, to the extent permitted by law, excluded.
13.4 NO WAIVER

If we delay exercising or fail to exercise or enforce any right available to us under these Terms, such delay or failure does not constitute a waiver of that right or any other rights under these Terms.
13.5 FORCE MAJEURE

We will not be liable to you for any lack of performance, or the unavailability or failure, of the Products, or for any failure or delay by us to comply with these Terms, where such lack, unavailability or failure arises from any cause beyond our reasonable control.
13.6 INTERPRETATION

In these Terms, unless the context requires otherwise: i) any phrase introduced by the words “including”, “include”, “in particular”, “for example” or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative only and shall not be construed as limiting the generality of any preceding words; and ii) references to the singular include the plural and to the masculine include the feminine, and in each case vice versa.
13.7 ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

(a) Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using the Products, you agree to transact with us electronically, and that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on the Products. You agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
(b) In order to retain a copy, please select “Print,” and select the appropriate printer. If you do not have a printer, you can copy the text and the underlying agreement(s) and paste them into a new document in a word processor or a text editor on your computer and save the text.
(c) You have the right to receive a paper copy of the communications. To receive a paper copy, please request it by emailing us at help@headspace.com
(d) We may charge you a reasonable service charge to mail you a paper copy of any communication. We will either include such service charge on our fee schedule or we will first inform you of the charge and provide you with the choice as to whether you still want us to send you a paper copy. Please be sure to state that you are requesting a copy of the particular communication.
(e) To receive and view an electronic copy of the communications you must have the following equipment and software:
(i) A personal computer or other device which is capable of accessing the Internet. Your access to this page verifies that your system/device meets these requirements.
(ii) an Internet web browser which is capable of supporting 128-bit SSL encrypted communications, JavaScript, and cookies. Your system or device must have 128-bit SSL encryption software. Your access to this page verifies that your browser and encryption software/device meet these requirements.
(f) To retain a copy, you must either have a printer connected to your personal computer or other device or, alternatively, the ability to save a copy through use of printing service or software such as Adobe Acrobat®. If you have a word processor or text editor program on your computer, then you can also copy the text and paste the text into a new document in the word processor or text editor and save the text.
(g) You can also contact us via email at help@headspace.com to withdraw your consent to receive any future communications electronically, including if the system requirements described above change and you no longer possess the required system. If you withdraw your consent, we may terminate your use of the Products.
(h) We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to discontinue the provision of your electronic communications, or to terminate or change the terms and conditions on which we provide electronic communications. We will provide you with notice of any such termination or change as required by law.
13.8 NOTICES

Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all notices given by you to us must be given to Headspace at help@headspace.com. We may give notice to you at the e-mail address you provide to us when you register, or in any of the ways specified in section 13.7 above. Notice will be deemed received and properly served immediately when posted on the Products or when an e-mail or other electronic communication is sent. In proving the service of any notice via email, it will be sufficient to prove that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee.
13.9 ENTIRE AGREEMENT

These Terms and any document expressly referred to in them constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede all previous discussions, correspondence, negotiations, previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us relating to their subject matter. We each acknowledge that neither of us relies on, or will have any remedies in respect of, any representation or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in these Terms or the documents referred to in them. Each of us agrees that our only liability in respect of those representations and warranties that are set out in this agreement (whether made innocently or negligently) will be for breach of contract. Nothing in this section limits or excludes any liability for fraud.
13.10 THIRD PARTY RIGHTS

A person who is not party to these Terms will not, subject to section 12 (DMCA), have any rights under or in connection with these Terms.
13.11 OUR LIABILITY

(a) We will use reasonable endeavors to remedy faults in the Products. If we fail to comply with these Terms, we will be liable to you only for the purchase price of the Products in question. In addition, we will not be liable for:
(i) Faulty operation of computers during the registration process or during completion of a subscription or during the transmission of any data and/or for incorrect or overly slow transmission of data by the internet provider and/or any damage that occurs due to information submitted by you not being received by us or not being received promptly or not being considered, as a consequence of technical faults with our software or hardware (whether or not they are within or outside of our control).
(ii) Any loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect your Device, computer equipment, software, data or other property caused by you accessing, using or downloading from the Products, or from transmissions via emails or attachments received from us.
(iii) Any use of websites linked to the Products but operated by third parties.
(b) To the extent permitted by law, Headspace and its affiliates, suppliers, clients, or licensors (collectively, the “Protected Entities”) shall not be liable for any consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising from, or directly or indirectly related to, the use of, or the inability to use, the Products or the content, materials and functions related thereto, your provision of information via the Products, or lost business or lost sales, or any errors, viruses or bugs contained in the Products, even if such Protected Entity has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall the Protected Entities be liable for or in connection with any content posted, transmitted, exchanged or received by or on behalf of any user or other person on or through the Products. In no event shall the total aggregate liability of the Protected Entities to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract or tort, including, but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) arising from these terms of use or your use of the Products exceed, in the aggregate, the amount, if any, paid by you to Headspace for your use of the Products.
13.12 ARBITRATION

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS CAREFULLY, AS THEY REQUIRE YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH HEADSPACE, AND LIMIT THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM HEADSPACE.
(a) Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. All disputes arising out of, relating to, or in connection with these Terms or your use of the Products that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court will be resolved through binding arbitration on an individual basis, except that you and Headspace are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets, or patents.
(b) Arbitration Rules. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this dispute-resolution provision. Arbitration will be initiated through the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"). If the AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. The rules of the arbitral forum will govern all aspects of this arbitration, except to the extent those rules conflict with these Terms. The AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules (“AAA Rules”) governing the arbitration are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration will be conducted by a single neutral arbitrator.
If the claim is for $10,000 or less, the party initiating the arbitration may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted (1) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (2) through a non-appearance based telephonic hearing; or (3) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county of your billing address. In the case of an in-person hearing, the proceedings will be conducted at a location which is reasonably convenient for both parties with due consideration of the ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances. If the parties are unable to agree on a location, the determination will be made by the arbitration institution.
Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation will be limited to those fees set forth in the AAA Rules with the remainder paid by Headspace. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the arbitration is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In such case, you agree to reimburse Headspace for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.
(c) Authority of Arbitrator. The arbitrator will decide the jurisdiction of the arbitrator and the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Headspace. The dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim or dispute. The arbitrator will have the authority to award all remedies available under applicable law, the arbitral forum's rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and Headspace.
(d) Jury Trial Waiver. You and Headspace waive any constitutional and statutory rights to go to court and have a trial in front of a judge or a jury. Rather, you and Headspace elect to have claims and disputes resolved by arbitration. In any litigation between you and Headspace over whether to vacate or enforce an arbitration award, you and Headspace waive all rights to a jury trial, and elect instead to have the dispute be resolved by a judge.
(e) Class Action Waiver. WHERE PERMITTED UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND HEADSPACE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION. If, however, this waiver of class or consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither you nor Headspace are entitled to arbitration; instead all claims and disputes will be resolved in a court as set forth in section 13.13 below.
(f) Opt-out. YOU MAY OPT-OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT. If you do so, neither you nor Headspace can force the other to arbitrate. To opt-out, you must notify Headspace in writing no later than 30 days after first becoming subject to this arbitration agreement. Your notice must include your name and address, and the email address you used to set up your Headspace account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt-out of this arbitration agreement. You must send your opt-out notice to one of the following physical or email addresses: Headspace, Inc., ATTN: Arbitration Opt-out, 2415 Michigan Avenue, Santa Monica, CA 90404; ADR@headspace.com
(g) Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or Headspace may bring an individual action in small claims court.
(h) Arbitration Agreement Survival. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Headspace.
13.13 EXCLUSIVE VENUE

To the extent the parties are permitted under these Terms to initiate litigation in a court, both you and Headspace agree that all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to the Terms or the use of the Products will be litigated exclusively in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. If, however, that court would lack original jurisdiction over the litigation, then all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to the Terms or the use of the Products will be litigated exclusively in the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles. You and Headspace consent to the personal jurisdiction of both courts.
13.14 CHOICE OF LAW

Except to the extent they are preempted by U.S. federal law, the laws of California, other than its conflict-of-laws principles, govern these Terms and any disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or their subject matter, including tort claims.
13.15 SEVERABILITY

If any provision of these Terms is found unenforceable, then that provision will be severed from these Terms and not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
These Terms are effective and were last updated on June 13, 2017.
Headspace, Inc. is located at 2415 Michigan Avenue, Santa Monica, CA 90404.
Terms of Website Use
 

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE


Terms of website use

These terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tell you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.heysuccess.com (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user, as a consumer (such as a student or graduate) or business user (such as a university, recruiter or other organization). Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site and subscribing to the services we provide.

Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as they will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.

By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.

If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.


Other applicable terms

The following additional terms (which may be referred to in these terms of use) also apply to your use of our site:

Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site. When using our site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
If you subscribe to any services on our site, our User Agreement will apply to the subscriptions.


Information about us

www.heysuccess.com is a site operated by HeySuccess Limited ("We"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 08749276 and have our registered office and main trading address at Innovation Warehouse, 1 East Poultry Avenue, London EC1A 9PT, United Kingdom.


Changes to these terms

We may revise these terms of use, in whole or in part, at any time by amending this page without notice to you.

Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you from the time they are posted. Your continued use of our site after any such changes are made will be considered acceptance of the changes.


Accessing our site

Our site is made available free of charge. You can choose whether to take advantage of one of the premium programs we offer to individuals and businesses, by payment of subscription fees as described in and subject to the terms of the User Agreement.

To use certain services on our site, you must register for an account. By registering for an account, you must complete a user profile and add at least one social media account (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, Pinterest or YouTube) which belongs to you. Only completed and activated student and graduate profiles will be visible to recruiters. Certain information in your profile may be visible to other HeySuccess users who you follow, subject to the privacy choices you make within your account settings. You may edit certain information in your profile via your account and may choose to limit who is able to view certain content you post to your profile. Even if your profile is private, other users can still view your basic profile details (including your picture, number of views and followers, whether you have a premium subscription, citizenship, current location, language proficiency and reputational reference rating). Full profile details will only be revealed to other users when those users follow you back. You agree to provide true, accurate and complete information on your profile and all registration and other forms you access on our site or provide to us, and agree to update your information to maintain its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness (including but not limited to details concerning any financial funding arrangements available to participating students in relation to opportunities posted). You agree not to provide and to correct any information about your location, your business, your skills, or the services your business provides that is or becomes false or misleading. We reserve the right to deactivate the account of any user in breach of this provision and prohibit their future use of our site.

We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.

You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.


Your account and password

If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential and you must not disclose it to any third party or allow any other person to use or share your account. You authorise HeySuccess Limited to assume that any person using our site with your password either is you or is authorised to act for you.

We have the right to disable any user identification code or password at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.

If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your login information or password, you must promptly change your password via the ‘Recover Password’ facility on our site. You further agree not to use the login credentials of any other user of the site, and not to allow others to use your login credentials at any time.


Intellectual property rights

We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it, including, without limitation, images, graphics, text, illustrations, logos, trade marks, service marks, photographs, videos and audio content.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved and nothing in these terms shall be deemed to create a licence of any such rights. Any copying, redistribution, reproduction, transmission, republication or modification of part or all of the contents of our site in any form is strictly prohibited except to the extent that this section permits it.

You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.

You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.

Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.

You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.

If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.


No reliance on information

We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site and provide full details about available opportunities, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.

The content on our site is provided “as is” for general information only. We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, about the quality, safety, truth or accuracy, or legality of, any of the information or opportunities posted; the qualifications, background, reliability or identities of the users; the ability of any providers to deliver the services or opportunities posted; the accuracy of details about financial funding arrangements available to students for any opportunities posted; or that our site, or any content on it, will meet your requirements or be accurate, reliable, complete or up-to-date.

HeySuccess Limited does not itself make any educational opportunities or programmes available, offer any financial support, scholarships or other opportunities advertised on our site, nor directly introduce or help to match recruiters with suitable candidates. We are not a party to the dealings between recruiters and students or graduates, and take no responsibility for posts, proposals, screening, selection, participation or application fees or costs, visa requirements, the performance of opportunities, work arrangements, or any other aspect of any relationship initiated as a result of using our site. We merely make the site available to facilitate contact between recruiters and talent, and enable users to identify and determine the suitability of opportunities and candidates for themselves.

 Where you wish to request a reference from a third party, you agree to obtain permission from such referee to be contacted by HeySuccess Limited for this purpose before providing us with their contact details. We take no responsibility for any reference they provide. You acknowledge that any such reference may be negative or defamatory, visible on your profile to other users who follow you on the site, and may affect your reputational rating (which is visible to all users on the site).

Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only and do not imply any endorsement of those sites and resources by us. We have no control over the content, accuracy, or services provided by those sites or resources. They are not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely and you assume all responsibility and risk arising from your use of or reliance on such sites and resources.

Before taking any action on the basis of the content on our site, you must contact the relevant opportunity provider directly for official and up-to-date information and instructions about opportunities featured on our site (which are subject to change at any time), or to apply for or make queries about such opportunities. We do not have any control over the reliability of the information provided by any third parties and any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk.

Translations of opportunity descriptions into other languages are machine-generated (Google Translate API) and they should not be considered complete, accurate or faithful translations. We disclaim all liability for any and all mistranslations.

 

Limitation of our liability

Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.

To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.

We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable or we have been informed of the possibility of such loss or damage, arising under or in connection with:

use of, or inability to use, our site;
any negative or defamatory comments made about you by your referee(s) or other users;
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site; or
service interruption, computer damage or system failure.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:

loss of profits, data, sales, business, or revenue;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.

Whilst we use our best endeavours to take all necessary steps to ensure the security of our site (including having in place an SSL Certificate), we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.

We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked to on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as an endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.

In addition to the recognition that HeySuccess Limited is not a party to any contract between users, you hereby release HeySuccess Limited from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any dispute you have with another user, whether it be at law or in equity. This release includes, for example and without limitation, any disputes regarding the performance, functions and quality of any opportunities provided or candidates selected, and requests for refunds based upon disputes.

 

Uploading content to our site

Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.

You warrant that any such contribution complies with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.

Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in the section below (Rights you licence).

We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.

We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.

We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.

The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.

You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content and for all of your communications and interactions with other users of our site and as a result of your use of the site.


Rights you licence

When you upload or post content to our site, you grant a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence to HeySuccess Limited to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, promote, and perform that user generated content in connection with the service provided by us and across different media.


Viruses

We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.

You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.

You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored,  any server, computer or database connected to our site, or any private user data associated with our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.


Linking to our site

You may link to our any page of our website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.

You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.

You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.

Our site must not be framed on any other site.

We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy .

If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact info@HeySuccess.com.


Applicable law

If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.

If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.


Contact us

To contact us, please email info@HeySuccess.com.

Thank you for visiting our site.
Terms of Use

These Terms of Use are effective on January 19, 2013. To access our previous Terms of Use, please click here.

By accessing or using the Instagram website, the Instagram service, or any applications (including mobile applications) made available by Instagram (together, the "Service"), however accessed, you agree to be bound by these terms of use ("Terms of Use"). The Service is owned or controlled by Instagram, LLC ("Instagram"). These Terms of Use affect your legal rights and obligations. If you do not agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Use, do not access or use the Service.

There may be times when we offer a special feature that has its own terms and conditions that apply in addition to these Terms of Use. In those cases, the terms specific to the special feature control to the extent there is a conflict with these Terms of Use.

ARBITRATION NOTICE: EXCEPT IF YOU OPT-OUT AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND INSTAGRAM WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
Basic Terms

You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service.
You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the Service.
You are responsible for any activity that occurs through your account and you agree you will not sell, transfer, license or assign your account, followers, username, or any account rights. With the exception of people or businesses that are expressly authorized to create accounts on behalf of their employers or clients, Instagram prohibits the creation of and you agree that you will not create an account for anyone other than yourself. You also represent that all information you provide or provided to Instagram upon registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete and you agree to update your information as necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy.
You agree that you will not solicit, collect or use the login credentials of other Instagram users.
You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure.
You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and you must not post private or confidential information via the Service, including, without limitation, your or any other person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.
You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial) applicable to your use of the Service and your Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright laws.
You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, files, information, usernames, images, graphics, photos, profiles, audio and video clips, sounds, musical works, works of authorship, applications, links and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") that you submit, post or display on or via the Service.
You must not change, modify, adapt or alter the Service or change, modify or alter another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or Instagram.
You must not access Instagram's private API by means other than those permitted by Instagram. Use of Instagram's API is subject to a separate set of terms available here: http://instagram.com/about/legal/terms/api/ ("API Terms").
You must not create or submit unwanted email, comments, likes or other forms of commercial or harassing communications (a/k/a "spam") to any Instagram users.
You must not use domain names or web URLs in your username without prior written consent from Instagram.
You must not interfere or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, including by transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature. You may not inject content or code or otherwise alter or interfere with the way any Instagram page is rendered or displayed in a user's browser or device.
You must comply with Instagram's Community Guidelines, available here: https://help.instagram.com/customer/portal/articles/262387-community-guidelines.
You must not create accounts with the Service through unauthorized means, including but not limited to, by using an automated device, script, bot, spider, crawler or scraper.
You must not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the Service and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of these Terms of Use or any other Instagram terms.
Violation of these Terms of Use may, in Instagram's sole discretion, result in termination of your Instagram account. You understand and agree that Instagram cannot and will not be responsible for the Content posted on the Service and you use the Service at your own risk. If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for Instagram, we can stop providing all or part of the Service to you.
General Conditions

 We reserve the right to modify or terminate the Service or your access to the Service for any reason, without notice, at any time, and without liability to you.  You can deactivate your Instagram account by logging into the Service and completing the form available here: https://instagram.com/accounts/remove/request/. If we terminate your access to the Service or you use the form detailed above to deactivate your account, your photos, comments, likes, friendships, and all other data will no longer be accessible through your account (e.g., users will not be able to navigate to your username and view your photos), but those materials and data may persist and appear within the Service (e.g., if your Content has been reshared by others).
Upon termination, all licenses and other rights granted to you in these Terms of Use will immediately cease.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms of Use ("Updated Terms") from time to time. Unless we make a change for legal or administrative reasons, we will provide reasonable advance notice before the Updated Terms become effective. You agree that we may notify you of the Updated Terms by posting them on the Service, and that your use of the Service after the effective date of the Updated Terms (or engaging in such other conduct as we may reasonably specify) constitutes your agreement to the Updated Terms. Therefore, you should review these Terms of Use and any Updated Terms before using the Service. The Updated Terms will be effective as of the time of posting, or such later date as may be specified in the Updated Terms, and will apply to your use of the Service from that point forward. These Terms of Use will govern any disputes arising before the effective date of the Updated Terms.
We reserve the right to refuse access to the Service to anyone for any reason at any time.
We reserve the right to force forfeiture of any username for any reason.
We may, but have no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or monitor Content or accounts containing Content that we determine in our sole discretion violates these Terms of Use.
You are solely responsible for your interaction with other users of the Service, whether online or offline. You agree that Instagram is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any user.  Instagram reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other users. Exercise common sense and your best judgment when interacting with others, including when you submit or post Content or any personal or other information.
There may be links from the Service, or from communications you receive from the Service, to third-party web sites or features. There may also be links to third-party web sites or features in images or comments within the Service. The Service also includes third-party content that we do not control, maintain or endorse. Functionality on the Service may also permit interactions between the Service and a third-party web site or feature, including applications that connect the Service or your profile on the Service with a third-party web site or feature. For example, the Service may include a feature that enables you to share Content from the Service or your Content with a third party, which may be publicly posted on that third party's service or application. Using this functionality typically requires you to login to your account on the third-party service and you do so at your own risk. Instagram does not control any of these third-party web services or any of their content. You expressly acknowledge and agree that Instagram is in no way responsible or liable for any such third-party services or features. YOUR CORRESPONDENCE AND BUSINESS DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTIES FOUND THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE SOLELY BETWEEN YOU AND THE THIRD PARTY. You may choose, at your sole and absolute discretion and risk, to use applications that connect the Service or your profile on the Service with a third-party service (each, an "Application") and such Application may interact with, connect to or gather and/or pull information from and to your Service profile. By using such Applications, you acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) if you use an Application to share information, you are consenting to information about your profile on the Service being shared; (ii) your use of an Application may cause personally identifying information to be publicly disclosed and/or associated with you, even if Instagram has not itself provided such information; and (iii) your use of an Application is at your own option and risk, and you will hold the Instagram Parties (defined below) harmless for activity related to the Application.
You agree that you are responsible for all data charges you incur through use of the Service.
We prohibit crawling, scraping, caching or otherwise accessing any content on the Service via automated means, including but not limited to, user profiles and photos (except as may be the result of standard search engine protocols or technologies used by a search engine with Instagram's express consent).
Rights

Instagram does not claim ownership of any Content that you post on or through the Service. Instead, you hereby grant to Instagram a non-exclusive, fully paid and royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to use the Content that you post on or through the Service, subject to the Service's Privacy Policy, available here http://instagram.com/legal/privacy/, including but not limited to sections 3 ("Sharing of Your Information"), 4 ("How We Store Your Information"), and 5 ("Your Choices About Your Information"). You can choose who can view your Content and activities, including your photos, as described in the Privacy Policy.
Some of the Service is supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and you hereby agree that Instagram may place such advertising and promotions on the Service or on, about, or in conjunction with your Content. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising and promotions are subject to change without specific notice to you.
You acknowledge that we may not always identify paid services, sponsored content, or commercial communications as such.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the Content posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms of Use; (ii) the posting and use of your Content on or through the Service does not violate, misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights; (iii) you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of Content you post on or through the Service; and (iv) you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms of Use in your jurisdiction.
The Service contains content owned or licensed by Instagram ("Instagram Content"). Instagram Content is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, and, as between you and Instagram, Instagram owns and retains all rights in the Instagram Content and the Service. You will not remove, alter or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Instagram Content and you will not reproduce, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works based on, perform, display, publish, distribute, transmit, broadcast, sell, license or otherwise exploit the Instagram Content.
The Instagram name and logo are trademarks of Instagram, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Instagram, except in accordance with our brand guidelines, available here: https://www.instagram-brand.com/. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress of Instagram, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without prior written permission from Instagram.
Although it is Instagram's intention for the Service to be available as much as possible, there will be occasions when the Service may be interrupted, including, without limitation, for scheduled maintenance or upgrades, for emergency repairs, or due to failure of telecommunications links and/or equipment. Also, Instagram reserves the right to remove any Content from the Service for any reason, without prior notice.  Content removed from the Service may continue to be stored by Instagram, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations, but may not be retrievable without a valid court order. Consequently, Instagram encourages you to maintain your own backup of your Content. In other words, Instagram is not a backup service and you agree that you will not rely on the Service for the purposes of Content backup or storage. Instagram will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services, or the loss of any Content. You also acknowledge that the Internet may be subject to breaches of security and that the submission of Content or other information may not be secure.
You agree that Instagram is not responsible for, and does not endorse, Content posted within the Service. Instagram does not have any obligation to prescreen, monitor, edit, or remove any Content. If your Content violates these Terms of Use, you may bear legal responsibility for that Content.
Except as otherwise described in the Service's Privacy Policy, available at http://instagram.com/legal/privacy/, as between you and Instagram, any Content will be non-confidential and non-proprietary and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of Content. You acknowledge and agree that your relationship with Instagram is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other type of special relationship, and that your decision to submit any Content does not place Instagram in a position that is any different from the position held by members of the general public, including with regard to your Content. None of your Content will be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Instagram, and Instagram will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content you provide.
It is Instagram's policy not to accept or consider content, information, ideas, suggestions or other materials other than those we have specifically requested and to which certain specific terms, conditions and requirements may apply. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those we have developed or are developing independently. Accordingly, Instagram does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas, and takes no responsibility for any materials or ideas so transmitted. If, despite our policy, you choose to send us content, information, ideas, suggestions, or other materials, you further agree that Instagram is free to use any such content, information, ideas, suggestions or other materials, for any purposes whatsoever, including, without limitation, developing and marketing products and services, without any liability or payment of any kind to you.
Reporting Copyright and Other IP Violations

We respect other people's rights, and expect you to do the same.
We provide you with tools to help you protect your intellectual property rights. To learn more about how to report claims of intellectual property infringement, visit: https://help.instagram.com/customer/portal/articles/270501
If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.
Disclaimer of Warranties

THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INSTAGRAM CONTENT, IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, NEITHER INSTAGRAM NOR ITS PARENT COMPANY NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, MANAGERS, OFFICERS OR AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "INSTAGRAM PARTIES") MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO: (A) THE SERVICE; (B) THE INSTAGRAM CONTENT; (C) USER CONTENT; OR (D) SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION TO INSTAGRAM OR VIA THE SERVICE. IN ADDITION, THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, CUSTOM, TRADE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, SYSTEM INTEGRATION AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS.

THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SERVICE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THE SERVICE AVAILABLE IS FREE FROM ANY HARMFUL COMPONENTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, VIRUSES. THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE INFORMATION (INCLUDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS) ON THE SERVICE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR USEFUL. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS LAWFUL IN ANY PARTICULAR JURISDICTION, AND THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM SUCH WARRANTIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT SUCH JURISDICTION'S LAW IS APPLICABLE TO YOU AND THESE TERMS OF USE.

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOUR ACTIVITIES ARE LAWFUL IN EVERY JURISDICTION WHERE YOU ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.

THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES DO NOT ENDORSE CONTENT AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE (WHETHER ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE), INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER BASED UPON OR RESULTING FROM ANY CONTENT.
Limitation of Liability; Waiver

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, ECONOMIC, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES) THAT ARE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO: (A) THE SERVICE; (B) THE INSTAGRAM CONTENT; (C) USER CONTENT; (D) YOUR USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE; (E) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTIGATION BY THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES REGARDING YOUR OR ANY OTHER PARTY'S USE OF THE SERVICE; (F) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERS; (G) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE SERVICE'S OPERATION; OR (H) ANY DAMAGE TO ANY USER'S COMPUTER, MOBILE DEVICE, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR TECHNOLOGY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE FROM ANY SECURITY BREACH OR FROM ANY VIRUS, BUGS, TAMPERING, FRAUD, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER LINE OR NETWORK FAILURE OR ANY OTHER TECHNICAL OR OTHER MALFUNCTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR EVEN IF THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY NEGLIGENCE, ACTS OF GOD, TELECOMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, OR THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF THE SERVICE).  IN NO EVENT WILL THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT WILL THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OR ACTION EXCEED ONE HUNDRED UNITED STATES DOLLARS ($100.00). 

YOU AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT YOU INCUR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR INJURIES THAT ARISE OUT OF INSTAGRAM'S ACTS OR OMISSIONS, THE DAMAGES, IF ANY, CAUSED TO YOU ARE NOT IRREPARABLE OR SUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION PREVENTING ANY EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEB SITE, SERVICE, PROPERTY, PRODUCT OR OTHER CONTENT OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES, AND YOU WILL HAVE NO RIGHTS TO ENJOIN OR RESTRAIN THE DEVELOPMENT, PRODUCTION, DISTRIBUTION, ADVERTISING, EXHIBITION OR EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEB SITE, PROPERTY, PRODUCT, SERVICE, OR OTHER CONTENT OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY THE INSTAGRAM PARTIES.

BY ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU MAY BE WAIVING RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS THAT ARE AT THIS TIME UNKNOWN OR UNSUSPECTED, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH WAIVER, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND, AND HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE, THE BENEFITS OF SECTION 1542 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF CALIFORNIA, AND ANY SIMILAR LAW OF ANY STATE OR TERRITORY, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR."

INSTAGRAM IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR DATA OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US, OUR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES.
Indemnification

You (and also any third party for whom you operate an account or activity on the Service) agree to defend (at Instagram's request), indemnify and hold the Instagram Parties harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with any of the following (including as a result of your direct activities on the Service or those conducted on your behalf): (i) your Content or your access to or use of the Service; (ii) your breach or alleged breach of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation, any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; (iv) your violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental and quasi-governmental authorities, including, without limitation, all regulatory, administrative and legislative authorities; or (v) any misrepresentation made by you. You will cooperate as fully required by Instagram in the defense of any claim. Instagram reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, and you will not in any event settle any claim without the prior written consent of Instagram.
Arbitration

Except if you opt-out or for disputes relating to: (1) your or Instagram's intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and patents); (2) violations of the API Terms; or (3) violations of provisions 13 or 15 of the Basic Terms, above ("Excluded Disputes"), you agree that all disputes between you and Instagram (whether or not such dispute involves a third party) with regard to your relationship with Instagram, including without limitation disputes related to these Terms of Use, your use of the Service, and/or rights of privacy and/or publicity, will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration under the American Arbitration Association's rules for arbitration of consumer-related disputes and you and Instagram hereby expressly waive trial by jury. As an alternative, you may bring your claim in your local "small claims" court, if permitted by that small claims court's rules. You may bring claims only on your own behalf. Neither you nor Instagram will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by this agreement. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person's account, if Instagram is a party to the proceeding. This dispute resolution provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. In the event the American Arbitration Association is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either Instagram or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms of Use.

You may opt out of this agreement to arbitrate. If you do so, neither you nor Instagram can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify Instagram in writing within 30 days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision. You must use this address to opt out:

Instagram, LLC ATTN: Arbitration Opt-out 1601 Willow Rd. Menlo Park, CA 94025

You must include your name and residence address, the email address you use for your Instagram account, and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement.

If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Instagram.
Time Limitation on Claims

You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to your relationship with Instagram must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred.
Governing Law & Venue

These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law AND WILL SPECIFICALLY NOT BE GOVERNED BY THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTIONS ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS, IF OTHERWISE APPLICABLE.  For any action at law or in equity relating to the arbitration provision of these Terms of Use, the Excluded Disputes or if you opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, you agree to resolve any dispute you have with Instagram exclusively in a state or federal court located in Santa Clara, California, and to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Santa Clara County for the purpose of litigating all such disputes. 

If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable during arbitration or by a court of competent jurisdiction, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Instagram's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. No waiver of any of these Terms will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition. Instagram reserves the right to change this dispute resolution provision, but any such changes will not apply to disputes arising before the effective date of the amendment. This dispute resolution provision will survive the termination of any or all of your transactions with Instagram.
Entire Agreement

If you are using the Service on behalf of a legal entity, you represent that you are authorized to enter into an agreement on behalf of that legal entity. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Instagram and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Instagram. You will not assign the Terms of Use or assign any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of Instagram. Any purported assignment or delegation by you without the appropriate prior written consent of Instagram will be null and void. Instagram may assign these Terms of Use or any rights hereunder without your consent. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, the parties nevertheless agree that such portion will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions, and the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use remain in full force and effect. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice will act to modify the Terms of Use. These Terms of Use do not confer any third-party beneficiary rights.
Territorial Restrictions

The information provided within the Service is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject Instagram to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. We reserve the right to limit the availability of the Service or any portion of the Service, to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any content, program, product, service or other feature that Instagram provides.

Software related to or made available by the Service may be subject to United States export controls. Thus, no software from the Service may be downloaded, exported or re-exported: (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading any software related to the Service, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of, any such country or on any such list.

The effective date of these Terms of Use is January 19, 2013. These Terms of Use were written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of these Terms of Use conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.

Terms of Use
Updated on: Tuesday 2 June 2015

Like most large-scale websites, we have some rules which you need to stick to when you use Last.fm. These rules aren’t just the “blahblahblah-yawn-small print” – these are the legal terms of use and so we recommend you read them carefully so you know what you’ve agreed to.
As with all websites, Last.fm, its services and software will change over time, both in terms of the content displayed and the functionality offered. We reserve the right to make those changes, and to change these terms in line with them. Software made available for download by Last.fm remains the property of Last.fm, and we reserve the right to update and change that too.
Please don’t reproduce any part of the website or content without our permission.
A lot of information and content on Last.fm is provided by third parties – both users and other third parties – and the accuracy and reliability of that information is entirely the responsibility of those parties. Likewise, you may sometimes find links on Last.fm to other websites; Last.fm cannot be held responsible for the content of those sites. Links, like everything else added by members of the Last.fm community, are entirely the responsibility of the individuals who have added them.
By using Last.fm, you also agree to our Privacy Policy - please read our Privacy Policy.
If you’ve found content on the website that you own and that you believe is being used without your permission then please read Section 10 of these Terms of Use for a detailed description of what to do about it. We take infringement claims very seriously, so provide all the information set out in Section 10 and we will act swiftly to deal with any claims.
We have a detailed Acceptable Use policy, but much like the Community Guidelines they boil down into a few fairly simple concepts: play nicely, respect other members of the community and use common sense. If we believe someone isn’t playing fairly and within the spirit of the guidelines then we’re entitled to ban that user at our sole discretion. We don’t like doing it, but sometimes it’s the most appropriate response.
If you enter a competition or use software alongside Last.fm then make sure you read any accompanying Terms and Conditions carefully too, because they may have conditions in addition to this document.
When you use Last.fm and all of its software and services, you accept it “as is”. Like human beings, we have the odd fault or two and we’re constantly updating and improving every aspect of Last.fm, ironing out new-found bugs and making subtle changes to things like our recommendation algorithms. As a result, Last.fm should never be considered a “finished product”, and by using Last.fm you accept it – warts and all.
Last.fm is based in London – we quite like it here – and this document is to be interpreted in line with the laws governing England and Wales.
IMPORTANT
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS OF USE ("Terms of Use") BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE OR ANY OF THE OTHER PROPERTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW), AS THEY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.

Last.fm Limited ("Last.fm" or "we" "our" or "us") owns or controls, and provides access to the Last.fm website, at the url www.last.fm and related properties (the "Website"), the Last.fm client software, the Last.fm widget, the Last.fm API and all proprietary services, software, data and materials accessed via the Website (the “Services”). The Website and the Services are referred to together in these Terms of Use as the “Properties”.

THESE TERMS OF USE GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE PROPERTIES.

These Terms of Use apply to the Properties and not to any other website or any offline activities of Last.fm (unless specifically stated). By accessing or using the Properties, registering for or receiving Services offered on the Website, or by accepting, uploading, submitting or downloading any information or content from or to the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THE PROPERTIES.

Contents
Changes to the Website and the Terms of Use
Description of Website Services
Intellectual Property Ownership; Licence
Links To Other Websites
Our Linking and Widget Policy
Acceptable Use
User Accounts, Additional Terms & End User Licence Agreements
Competitions
Software
Copyrights & Copyright Agents
Third Party Content and Information
Information You Submit
Disclaimer of Warranties
Disclaimers/Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Governing Law
Miscellaneous
Termination
Privacy
1. Changes to the Properties and the Terms of Use
We reserve the right to add, delete, change or modify parts of these Terms of Use at our sole discretion and at any time without notice to you. If we do this, we will post the changes to the Terms of Use on this page and will indicate the effective date of the Terms of Use at the top of the page. It is important for you to refer to these Terms of Use from time to time to make sure that you are aware of any additions, revisions, or modifications that we may have made to these Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use.

2. Description of Website and the Services
Access to the Website currently provides users with access to the Services and a rich collection of online resources, including online forums, personalised content, interactive advertising messages, proprietary software (including updates, patches and new versions), audio, videos and other community and entertainment products. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features which may be added to the Website or the Services, including without limitation, the release of new Last.fm services and software, are subject to these Terms of Use.

In some instances, these Terms of Use and a separate end user licence or similar agreement may apply to a service or product offered by Last.fm via the Properties. We may add, change, remove, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Website and/or the Services at any time without notice. We may also impose limits on certain features and/or restrict access to parts of or all of the Properties without notice or liability to you or any third party.

In order to use the Website, you must obtain access to the Internet, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees associated with such access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the Internet, including a computer and modem or other access device.

You acknowledge that the Services include certain elements which allow Last.fm proprietary software to be downloaded to your computer which interacts with other computer programs (including iTunes), the Last.fm computer servers and your iPod or other permitted devices.

3. Intellectual Property Ownership; Licence
The past, present and future content of the Properties, including, without limitation, software graphics, text, images, audio, videos, designs, compilations, databases, targeting information, advertising copy, and the trademarks, logos, domain names, trade names, service marks and trade identities; any and all copyright material (including source and object code); and all other materials related to the Properties, including without limitation, the "look and feel" of the Website (collectively, "Content") are protected by applicable copyrights, trademark rights, database rights and other proprietary (including, but not limited to, intellectual property) rights and are the property of Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, or its licensors. Last.fm is licensed under U.S. Patent Nos. 7,346,472; 7,660,700; 7,949,494; and 8,214,175. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms of Use or otherwise expressly granted to you in writing by Last.fm, no rights (either by implication, estoppel or otherwise) in or to the Content are granted to you.

The copying, reproduction, re-arrangement, sale, leasing, renting, lending, distribution, redistribution, modification or adaptation, downloading, sideloading, exchanging, creating of derivative works, uploading, posting, transmitting, communication to the public or publication by you, directly or indirectly, of the Content, including the removal or alteration of advertising, except pursuant to the express limited grant of rights hereunder, is strictly prohibited. You agree to abide by any and all additional notices, information or restrictions in respect of the Properties contained in any part of the Website. Exploiting any part of the Properties for a purpose that is not permitted by these Terms of Use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Last.fm or the applicable intellectual property rights holder as identified on the Website.

Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms of Use, Last.fm grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-commercial, revocable, non-assignable and non-transferable licence to:

download and use the Last.fm client-based software in accordance with its pre-defined functionality only;
listen to music and view videos streamed from the Website and participate in the Last.fm community areas;
submit or upload music, video and other content to the Website strictly as permitted in accordance with these Terms of Use and any other terms posted on the Website;
embed the Last.fm widget on your personal website or profile pages for non-commercial and private use only; and
communicate with other members of the Last.fm community;
Provided that you:

retain and do not alter or tamper with any trademark, copyright and other proprietary or legal notices contained in the original Content or any permitted copy you may make of the Content;
do not, and do not allow or aid or abet any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to, copy or adapt the object code of the Website or Services (including, without limitation, software, HTML, JavaScript, or other code); to reverse engineer, decompile, reverse assemble, modify or attempt to discover any source or object code, circumvent or attempt to circumvent or copy any copy protection mechanism or access any rights management information;
do not insert any code, product or material to manipulate the Content in any way that affects any user's experience;
do not copy or seek to copy or “rip” any audio and/or audiovisual content from the Website or any part of the Service (including, without limitation, the Last.fm widget);
do not embed or otherwise exploit the Last.fm widget for commercial gain (which includes, for example and without limitation, selling advertising on your site or otherwise monetising any element of your site which contains the Last.fm widget); and
do not adapt, copy, republish, communicate to the public, display, transfer, share, distribute or otherwise exploit the Content, except as under these Terms of Use.
Last.fm alone shall be responsible for determining, in its discretion, whether any use of the Last.fm widget constitutes commercial use in each case.

4. Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain hyperlinks to other websites ("Other Sites"). If you use the hyperlinks to access these Other Sites, you will leave the Website and your browser will be re-directed to the Other Sites. The Other Sites may have their own terms of use and privacy policy and those Other Sites may have different practices and requirements than the Website. Last.fm may not have knowledge of, and is not responsible for, the content, information, services, products or advertisements presented by any Other Site which you use at your own risk. Last.fm does not warrant or make any representation regarding the legality, accuracy, quality or authenticity of content, information, services or products presented by Other Sites. The hyperlinks to Other Sites do not constitute an endorsement by Last.fm of any Other Site(s) or resources, or their content, information, services or products. The Website is only providing these links to you as a convenience. The terms of use and privacy policy of any Other Sites shall apply to your access and use of them. Last.fm accepts no responsibility for the content or conduct of Other Sites.

5. Our Linking and Widget Policy
Any web site that links to the Website or on which you include the widget: (a) must not frame, surround, obfuscate or create a browser or border environment around any of the Content of the Website; (b) may link to, but not replicate, the Content; (c) must not imply that Last.fm or the Website or any artist or performer are endorsing or sponsoring it or its products, unless Last.fm has given its prior written consent; (d) must not present false information about Last.fm or its products or services; (e) must not use any Last.fm Services or trademarks except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use or without the prior written permission from Last.fm; (f) must not contain content that is illegal, obscene or defamatory, or that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial; and (g) must not support, endorse or encourage piracy or the unauthorised exploitation of intellectual property rights. By linking to the Website, you agree that you do and will continue to comply with the above linking requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms of Use, we reserve the right to deny permission to link to the Website for any reason in our sole and absolute discretion.

We provide the Last.fm widget to enable our users to share Last.fm with their friends. It is not provided for commercial use, distribution or exploitation. If you are the operator of a commercial website and would like to include the Last.fm widget in your website, or if you would like to use the widget for commercial purposes, please contact us by emailing partners@last.fm.

Last.fm reserves the right to remove links or block the Last.fm widget at any time and for any reason in its absolute discretion.

6. Acceptable Use
You will not use the Properties to:

Upload, post, e-mail, transmit, display, copy, distribute, promote, or otherwise communicate to the public:
any material that is false, unlawful, threatening, tortious, disparaging (including disparaging of Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates), anything that adversely affects Last.fm such as discouraging any person or entity from advertising with, linking to or supplying Last.fm, abusive, libellous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, offensive, pornographic, profane, racist, sexually explicit, ethnically or culturally offensive, indecent, or that promotes violence, racial hatred, terrorism, or illegal acts, or is otherwise objectionable in Last.fm's sole discretion;
information, software, content or other material that violates, plagiarises, misappropriates or infringes the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright (including, offering pirated computer programs or links to such programs, information used to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, including serial registration numbers for software programs, rights management information or any type of cracker utilities), trademark, patent, trade secret, rights of privacy or publicity, confidential information or any other proprietary right;
material of any kind that contains a virus, Trojan horse, time bombs, worms, spyware, adware, malware, bots, any automated use of the system, such as scripts, or other harmful component or restricts or inhibits any other user's uninhibited use and enjoyment of the Properties, interferes with, overburdens, impairs or disrupts the Properties or servers or networks connected to the Properties, or disobeys any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Properties;
information or material of any kind that is false or misleading or that constitutes or contains false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact, including, without limitation, by forging any TCP/IP packet header, any part of the header information in any transmission to the Website, or otherwise manipulating identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted to or from the Website; or
any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, requests for money, petitions for signature, or any other form of solicitation.
Encourage, promote, solicit or commit conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law or otherwise make available any material that exploits or harms any individual, corporation or other entity.
Impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to scroll faster than other users of the Website are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges on the Website;
Stalk, abuse, sexually exploit, violently exploit, groom, act violently toward, threaten or otherwise harass another user;
Use or attempt to use another's information, account, password, service or system except as expressly permitted;
Solicit or collect personal data including telephone numbers, addresses, last names, email addresses, or any other kind of information about users, including without limitation, through such means as spidering, “screen scraping,” “database scraping,” harvesting of e-mail addresses, wireless addresses or other contact or personal information, or any other automatic means of accessing, logging-in or registering on the Website or for any services or features offered on or through the Website; and
Undertake any commercial purpose or activity without the prior written consent of Last.fm, including, for example and without limitation, inserting your own or a third party’s advertising, branding or promotional content into any of the Website’s or Properties’ content, materials or services (for example, without limitation, in an RSS feed or a podcast received from Last.fm or otherwise available through the Properties).
You represent, warrant and agree that you will comply with the above acceptable use requirements. Last.fm reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate any user’s account or take such other action as Last.fm sees fit in relation to any user who breaches Last.fm’s acceptable use policy or any of the other terms set forth herein. In extreme cases or as required by law or regulation, Last.fm reserves the right to take court action and/or report users to the relevant authorities. Last.fm believes in building a caring community based around sharing music and will not tolerate antisocial or unlawful behaviour on the Website or in connection with any of the other Properties.

7. User Accounts, Additional Terms, End User License Agreements & Subscriptions
Registration may be required for the use of certain Services and portions of the Website (e.g., e-mail, newsletters, competitions, forums, content downloads, promotions etc.). In some instances, these Terms of Use and separate end user licence agreements or terms of use that set forth additional conditions may apply to Services or products offered via the Website. To the extent there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms of any applicable end user licence or similar agreement, the end user licence or similar agreement will prevail, unless the additional conditions expressly state that these Terms of Use will prevail. In cases where there are no additional terms or conditions stated for any such registrations, services or products, these Terms of Use will prevail.

If you choose to provide information to the Website, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information. If you create a user account, you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password, if any, and agree you will not sell, transfer or assign your user account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, if any, and for restricting access to your computer so that others may not access any password-protected portion of the Website or other Properties using your name, user name or password in whole or in part.

You may be able to purchase a subscription for certain additional features of the Website and Services. You may only order subscriptions if you are considered capable of entering into an enforceable contract in the applicable jurisdiction. You agree to pay in full the prices for any purchases you make either by credit/debit card concurrent with your online order or by other payment means acceptable to Last.fm. You agree to pay all applicable taxes. If payment is not received by us from your credit or debit card issuer or its agents, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand by us.

8. Competitions
Last.fm may decide to run competitions, promotions, prize draws and other opportunities on the Website and these will be governed by a separate set of terms and conditions. A link to these terms and conditions will be found on the Website, alongside details of the specific competition, promotion, prize draw and other opportunities. It is your responsibility to read those terms and conditions for details about the terms that shall apply and any eligibility requirements.

9. Software
Any software that we make available for download or use from the Website and/or our servers (the "Software") is the intellectual property of Last.fm or its licensors or suppliers. Any such “Software” shall be considered a “Service” or one of the “Properties” as such terms are defined and used herein. Your use of the Software may be governed by the terms of an end user licence agreement that may accompany or that may be included with the Software (the "Licence Agreement"). Please carefully read any Licence Agreement and Paragraph 7 above to determine the full extent of the terms and conditions governing the use of such Software.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER USE, REPRODUCTION, REDISTRIBUTION OR OTHER EXPLOITATION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED, UNLESS SUCH USE, REPRODUCTION, REDISTRIBUTION OR EXPLOITATION IS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED BY THE LICENCE AGREEMENT APPLICABLE TO SUCH SOFTWARE.

10. Copyrights and Copyright Agents
At Last.fm, we aim to respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work (or the work of a third party on whose behalf you are entitled to act) has been copied, used, or made available on or through the Last.fm Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement of your intellectual property, please provide our copyright agent with a copyright infringement notice (“Notice”) which should include the following written information:

a statement that you have identified material on the Website which infringes your copyright (or infringes the copyright of a third party on whose behalf you are entitled to act, if applicable);
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single Notice, a representative list of such works at that site;
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Last.fm to locate the material (including, for example, a URL and/or screen shot);
your full name, email address, postal address and telephone number on which you can be contacted;
a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you that the information in the Notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and
a physical or electronic signature (which may be a scanned copy) of a person authorized to act on behalf of owner of the work that is allegedly infringed.
Last.fm's agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on or regarding the Website can be reached as follows:

By mail:
Copyright Agent, Legal Department 
Last.fm Limited 
The Warehouse, The Bower 
207-211 Old Street 
London, EC1V 9NR 
United Kingdom 
Phone: +44 207 021 1000

By email:
infringementcomplaint@last.fm
If you are unsure about your rights in respect of material, or whether there has been an infringement of your rights, we suggest you take legal advice before sending a Notice to Last.fm.

Please note that any video content made available on or through the Website which contains or displays the YouTube logo or which is provided via the YouTube player is provided to you by YouTube and from YouTube’s servers, and Last.fm thus does not have the ability to permanently remove all or any such content from YouTube’s servers. Therefore, if you have a complaint concerning any video content made available on the Website that is provided by YouTube, you should contact YouTube directly in accordance with copyright policies at: http://www.youtube.com/t/terms. If you believe that your work is available on the Website via the YouTube player in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please: (i) contact YouTube directly in accordance with copyright policies at: http://www.youtube.com/t/terms and (i) contact Last.fm by sending us a notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.

11. Third Party Content and Information
The Properties contain Content and information that is provided for your convenience and enjoyment. Third parties provide some of the Content and information. You should be aware that the Content might contain errors, omissions, inaccuracies, outdated information and inadequacies and that the Content may be subject to terms and conditions, which may be found on the Website or in the documents and policies of third parties. Last.fm makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness, accuracy, adequacy, currency or reliability of any Content and will not be liable for any lack of the foregoing.

In addition, third party advertisers or commercial partners may offer goods, services and other materials to you on the Website. Your correspondence and business dealings with others found on or through the Website including, without limitation, the payment and delivery of products and services, the delivery of videos or other content, and any terms, conditions, warranties and representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and the relevant third party. Last.fm will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or the offering of such products, services, and other Content on the Website. Under certain circumstances, we may permit third party users to upload content, in which event you, at your own risk, may be exposed to offensive, indecent or objectionable content.

Descriptions of, or references to, products, services or publications within the Website do not imply endorsement of that product, service or publication.

12. Information You Submit
From time to time, the Properties may contain functionality through which you can upload or submit information, data, software, messages, photographs, audio, video, text and other materials to, through or on the Website ("Your Upload Information"). For example, the Website may offer forums, bulletin boards, wikis, chat rooms, blogs or other interactive areas ("User Forums"). Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates or the directors, officers, employees, or other representatives of each of them do not endorse the content posted in User Forums. Last.fm reserves the right, but is not obligated, to delete, move or edit Your Upload Information, in whole or in part, submitted by you to a User Forum for any reason in their sole discretion. Last.fm reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Website and pursue all legal remedies if we believe your Upload Information infringes another's rights or otherwise violates any law, rule or regulation. You acknowledge and agree that you are prohibited from accepting payment for Your Upload Information from any third party, including, without limitation, accepting payment for the inclusion of a logo, brand advertising or other commercial content, in Your Upload Information.

All of Your Upload Information is your sole responsibility. This means that you, and not Last.fm, are entirely responsible for all of Your Upload Information that you upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available via the Website. Last.fm actively discourages you from uploading information or content (including photographs) about your friends or other people without their express prior consent. If you post personal information in User Forums or on other publicly available areas of the Website, then you may receive unsolicited messages from third parties. Last.fm cannot ensure the security of any information you post in User Forums or on publicly available areas of the Website. Under no circumstances will Last.fm be liable in any way for any of Your Upload Information including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in Your Upload Information, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of Your Upload Information.

You warrant and represent that Your Upload Information: (i) is an original work by you or you have all necessary rights, licenses and permissions in it and to submit it to Last.fm under the terms of these Terms of Use; (ii) is not defamatory; and (iii) does not infringe upon, misappropriate or violate the rights of any third parties, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary rights or otherwise violate any law, rule, or regulation.

Except as otherwise described in our Privacy Policy or other agreement on the Website at which you provide Your Upload Information, Your Upload Information will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure to anyone, including but not limited to claimed intellectual property owners. When you upload Your Upload Information via the Website, you irrevocably grant to Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners, without any credit or compensation to you, a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, unrestricted, irrevocable, royalty-free and fully transferable, assignable and sub-licensable right and licence to use, reuse, modify, adapt, alter, display, archive, publish, sub-license, perform, copy, reproduce, disclose, transmit, communicate to the public, post, sell, translate, create derivative works of, distribute, make and export Your Upload Information (in whole or in part), or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now known or developed in the future, for any purposes whatsoever including, without limitation, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional purposes, such as developing, manufacturing and marketing products and targeted advertisements using such Uploaded Information. You hereby waive any moral rights (or any similar rights in any jurisdiction) you may have in and to any of Your Upload Information, even if such material is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. You agree and understand that Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners are not obligated to use Your Upload Information submitted through the Website or otherwise, and may alternatively choose, in its sole discretion, to discard, refuse to post, limit or block access to Your Uploaded Information without any liability whatsoever.

You acknowledge that the Web Site, through Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners undertakes no obligation to pre-screen Your Upload Information, but that it has the right, in its sole discretion to monitor, modify, transmit over various networks, refuse, move, block access to or remove any of Your Upload Information. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any of Your Upload Information including, but not limited to, any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of Your Upload Information. Since Last.fm, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners may not pre-screen user generated content, you may bear legal responsibility for others' exposure to any offensive indecent or objectionable content in Your Upload Information.

13. Disclaimer of Warranties
THE PROPERTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL CONTENT, SOFTWARE, AND FUNCTIONS MADE AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH OR SENT FROM THE WEBSITE, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE, " AND "WITH ALL FAULTS." TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, LAST.FM AND ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) ABOUT: (A) THE PROPERTIES; (B) THE CONTENT AND SOFTWARE ON AND PROVIDED THROUGH THE PROPERTIES; (C) THE FUNCTIONS MADE ACCESSIBLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE PROPERTIES; (D) THE MESSAGES, CONTENT AND INFORMATION SENT FROM OR THROUGH THE PROPERTIES BY USERS; (E) ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED VIA THE WEBSITE OR HYPERTEXT LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES; AND/OR (F) THE TREATMENT OF ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIAL OR DATA TRANSMITTED BY USERS TO THE PROPERTIES; (G) SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE PROPERTIES OR ANY LINKED SITE. LAST.FM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROPERTIES, ANY OF THE PROPERTIES' FUNCTIONS OR ANY CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE PROPERTIES OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

LAST.FM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR ACTIVITIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR USE OF THE PROPERTIES IS LAWFUL IN ANY PARTICULAR JURISDICTION AND, IN ANY EVENT, LAST.FM SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS SUCH WARRANTIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY USING ANY OF THE FEATURES OF THE PROPERTIES, YOU ACT AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOUR ACCESS AND ACTIVITIES ARE LAWFUL IN EVERY JURISDICTION WHERE YOU ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT. FURTHER, LAST.FM AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE.

LAST.FM, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES OR THE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THEM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY EVENT FOR THE USE OF THE WEBSITE OR OTHER PROPERTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONTENT AND ANY ERRORS CONTAINED THEREIN. WHERE ANY JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES AS SET OUT ABOVE, THE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT THE LAW OF SUCH JURISDICTION IS APPLICABLE TO THIS AGREEMENT.

YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE PROPERTIES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

14. Disclaimers/Limitation of Liability
WITHOUT LIMITATION OF ANYTHING ELSE SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT LAST.FM FURTHER LIMITS ITS LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE PROPERTIES AS SET FORTH BELOW:

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL LAST.FM, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, OR AFFILIATES OR THE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THEM (COLLECTIVELY, THE "LAST.FM ENTITIES AND INDIVIDUALS") BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, ECONOMIC, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT ARE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO (1) THE PROPERTIES, THE CONTENT, OR YOUR UPLOAD INFORMATION; (2) THE USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PROPERTIES OR ANY OF THE CONTENT OR FEATURES THEREON; (3) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTIGATION BY LAST.FM OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE PROPERTIES OR CONTENT; (4) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH COPYRIGHT OWNERS; (5) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE PROPERTIES’ TECHNICAL OPERATION, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR EVEN IF THE LAST.FM ENTITIES AND INDIVIDUALS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY NEGLIGENCE, ACTS OF GOD, TELECOMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, OR THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF THE PROPERTIES). NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE LIMITS OR EXCLUDES LAST.FM’S LIABILITY FOR: (A) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY ITS PROVEN NEGLIGENCE; (B) THE TORT OF DECEIT; OR (C) ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE LIMITED OR EXCLUDED BY LAW.

IF ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE ARE DETERMINED TO BE ILLEGAL, INVALID OR OTHERWISE UNENFORCEABLE BY REASON OF THE LAWS OF ANY STATE OR COUNTRY IN WHICH THESE TERMS OF USE ARE INTENDED TO BE EFFECTIVE, THEN TO THE EXTENT AND WITHIN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH THAT TERM IS ILLEGAL, INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE, IT SHALL BE SEVERED AND DELETED FROM THESE TERMS OF USE AND THE REMAINING TERMS SHALL SURVIVE AND CONTINUE TO BE BINDING AND ENFORCEABLE.

THE LAST.FM ENTITIES AND INDIVIDUALS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO ANY USER'S COMPUTER, HARDWARE, COMPUTER SOFTWARE, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR TECHNOLOGY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE FROM ANY SECURITY BREACH OR FROM ANY VIRUS, BUGS, TAMPERING, FRAUD, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER LINE OR NETWORK FAILURE OR ANY OTHER TECHNICAL OR OTHER MALFUNCTION.

YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS THE PROPERTIES IS AT YOUR RISK. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE PROPERTIES OR ANY OF THE CONTENT, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING AND USING THE PROPERTIES OR THE CONTENT.

YOU RECOGNISE AND CONFIRM THAT IN THE EVENT YOU INCUR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR INJURIES THAT ARISE OUT OF LAST.FM'S ACTS OR OMISSIONS, THE DAMAGES, IF ANY, CAUSED TO YOU ARE NOT IRREPARABLE OR SUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION PREVENTING ANY EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEB SITE, PROPERTY, PRODUCT, PROGRAM, TELEVISION SHOW, MOTION PICTURE OR OTHER AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY LAST.FM AND/OR ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AND/OR AFFILIATES OR YOUR UPLOAD INFORMATION, AND YOU WILL HAVE NO RIGHTS TO ENJOIN OR RESTRAIN THE DEVELOPMENT, PRODUCTION, DISTRIBUTION, ADVERTISING, EXHIBITION OR EXPLOITATION OF ANY LAST.FM WEB SITE, SERVICES, PROPERTIES, PRODUCT, PROGRAM, MUSIC, TELEVISION SHOW, MOTION PICTURE OR OTHER AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT OR YOUR UPLOAD INFORMATION OR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES OR ACTIONS RELATED THERETO.

15. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and keep Last.fm, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective owners, officers, managers, members, agents and employees, fully and effectively indemnified with respect to any and all costs, claims, demands, investigations, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees arising out of or in connection with this Terms of Use, including, without limitation: (a) your use of the Properties; (b) your violation of these Terms of Use or any law, rule or regulation; (c) your use of the Content; or (d) your placement or transmission of any of Your Upload Information or any other content or materials on or through the Properties. You will cooperate as fully and reasonably as required by Last.fm in the defence of any claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Last.fm retains the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay any and all claims, demands, proceedings, suits, actions or causes of actions which are brought against Last.fm herein under the terms and provisions of this Section 15 and in no event shall you settle any such claim without Last.fm's prior written approval.

16. Governing Law
These Terms of Use and the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England.

17. Miscellaneous
Any other rules, restrictions, guidelines and terms and conditions that may be posted or made available in connection with a particular feature on the Website or Service are incorporated by this reference into these Terms of Use for all purposes.

You are solely responsible for compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations in connection with your use of the Properties and the Content, including, without limitation, those governing your transmission or use of any software or data.

These Terms of Use and any applicable end user licence or similar agreements contain the sole and entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Properties, the Content and Your Upload Information and supersedes any and all other prior written or oral agreements between them. The section titles in these Terms of Use are for your convenience only and do not have any legal or contractual effect. You agree that these Terms of Use will not be construed against Last.fm by virtue of having drafted these Terms of Use. If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction or as a result of future legislative action, such holding or action shall be strictly construed and shall not affect the validity or effect of any other provision of these Terms of Use. No waiver on the part of Last.fm of any of these Terms of Use will be of any force or effect unless made in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of Last.fm.

Nothing in these Terms of Use are intended to confer on any third party (whether referred to in the Terms of Use by name, class, description or otherwise) any benefit or any right under any legislation in any country to enforce any provisions of these Terms of Use.

18. Termination
You understand and agree that Last.fm will determine your compliance with these Terms of Use in its sole discretion. Last.fm reserves the right to restrict, suspend, deny or terminate access to all or part of the Website or any Service and to deny access to any person in its sole discretion without notice or liability of any kind. Last.fm maintains a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of the Website use privileges of users who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights. Any violation of these Terms of Use may be referred to law enforcement authorities. Upon termination of your user account or access to the Web Site, or upon demand by Last.fm, you must destroy all materials obtained from the Properties and all related documentation.

19. Privacy
Registration data and certain other information about you are subject to our Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy for information on how your personal data and other information about you will be handled. By accepting these Terms of Use you are also accepting the terms of the Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference for all purposes.



TERMS OF SERVICE
This agreement (the "Agreement" or the "Terms") describes the terms on which Linden Research, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including Tilia Inc. and Tilia Branch UK Ltd. (collectively, "Linden Lab") offer you access to its interactive entertainment products and services. 
By using the Service (as defined below), you agree to and accept these Terms, including important dispute resolution procedures and all policies and terms linked to or otherwise referenced herein, all of which are incorporated into this Agreement. If you do not so agree, you should decline this Agreement, in which case you are prohibited from accessing or using the Service.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
This Agreement includes both the terms above and the following sections, which you may jump to directly by selecting the appropriate link below. The headings and subheadings are for your convenience only -- you are responsible for reviewing all sections, defined terms and related links in their entirety to ensure you fully understand this Agreement.
1.	Online Service
2.	Content License and Intellectual Property Rights
3.	Eligibility to Use the Service
4.	Account Registration and Billing
5.	Termination of Your Account
6.	User Conduct
7.	Infringement Notifications
8.	Privacy and Your Personal Information
9.	Releases, Disclaimers, Liability Limits and Indemnification
10.	Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
11.	General Provisions
12.	Related Policies
1. ONLINE SERVICE
1.1 Defined Terms
"Account" means the entirety of your contractual rights and obligations under this Agreement associated with a particular Account Name (defined below) you have selected for accessing the Service. 
"Account Name" means a name to identify yourself to Linden Lab staff in connection with your Account for each Product. 
"Content" means any works of authorship, creative works, graphics, images, textures, photos, logos, video, audio, text, and interactive features.
"Intellectual Property Rights" means copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, publicity rights, database rights, patent rights and other intellectual property rights or proprietary rights recognized by law.
"Internet Device" means a personal computer, mobile phone or other wireless or internet-enabled device. 
"Linden Content" is the Content provided to you in connection with the Service, including, but not limited to Content we created or licensed from third parties subject to the license set forth herein.
"Payment Service Provider" means a third party payment service provider as contracted by Linden Lab in its sole discretion. 
"Product" means any interactive entertainment product or software provided to you by Linden Lab, each of which shall be further governed by an applicable product-specific policy (each a "Product Policy"). 
"Servers" are the online environments that support the Service, including without limitation: the server computation, electronic data storage, software access, messaging and protocols that simulate the Service.
"Service" means all features, applications, content and downloads offered by Linden Lab, including its Websites, Servers, Software, Linden Content, and User Content as those terms are defined herein.
"Software" is the software provided to you by Linden Lab and/or its suppliers under license in connection with the Service, including but not limited to the software for accessing the Service and any other communication software, whether facilitating text-based, chat-based, voice, audio or other communication, within or outside of the Service, and any application program interfaces (the "APIs") for use with the Service.
"User Content" means any Content that a user of the Service has uploaded, published, or submitted to or through the Servers, Websites or other areas of the Service.
"Virtual Space" is virtual space that is stored on our Servers and made available in the form of virtual units. 
"Websites" are the websites and services available from the domain and subdomains of Linden Lab and any related entity or successor domains from which Linden Lab may offer the Service.
1.2 The Service exists only as long as and in the form that we may provide the Service, and all aspects of the Service, including your User Content, are subject to change or elimination.
 Linden Lab has the right to change, limit access to, and/or eliminate any aspect(s), feature(s) or functionality of the Service (including your User Content) as it sees fit at any time without notice, and Linden Lab makes no commitment, express or implied, to maintain or continue, or to permit open access to, any aspect of the Service. You acknowledge that your use of the Service is subject to this risk and that you knowingly assume it and make your decisions to participate in the Service, contribute Content and spend your money accordingly.
Linden Lab may, but will not have the obligation to, display, maintain, or otherwise make use of, any of your User Content, and Linden Lab may, in its sole discretion, modify, delete, or otherwise make use of User Content without notice or any liability to you or any third party. Linden Lab reserves the right to treat User Content on the Service as content stored at the direction of users for which Linden Lab will not exercise control except to block or remove content that comes to Linden Lab's attention and is offensive, obscene, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable to Linden Lab, or to enforce the rights of third parties or the content restrictions set forth below (in Sections 2 and 7), when notice of their violation comes to Linden Lab's attention. Such User Content submitted by you or others need not, however, be maintained on the Service by us for any period of time and you will not have the right, once submitted, to access, archive, maintain, or otherwise use such User Content on the Service.
1.3 Your User Content is not confidential; You represent that your Content is original to you (and/or your minor child). 
Linden Lab may now or in the future offer users of the Service the opportunity to display, publish, distribute, transmit, broadcast, or otherwise make available on or submit through the Service (collectively, "submit") User Content. We may do this through forums, blogs, message boards, social networking environments, social communities, e-mail and other functionality. Subject to the rights and license you grant in this Agreement, you retain whatever legally cognizable right, title and interest that you have in your User Content. 
Each time you submit any User Content, you represent and warrant that you are at least the age of majority in the state in which you reside and are the parent or legal guardian, or have all proper consents from the parent or legal guardian, of any minor who is depicted in or contributed to any User Content you submit, and that, as to that User Content, (a) you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property and other rights to the User Content, or you have a lawful right to submit the User Content and grant Linden Lab the rights to it that you are granting by this Agreement and any Additional Terms (as defined in Section 2.2 below), all without any Linden Lab obligation to obtain consent of any third party and without creating any obligation or liability of Linden Lab; (b) the User Content is accurate; (c) the User Content does not and, as to Linden Lab's permitted uses and exploitation set forth in this Agreement, will not infringe any intellectual property or other right of any third party; and (d) the User Content will not violate this Agreement or any Additional Terms, or cause injury or harm to any person.
Please remember that the Service is a public forum and User Content that you submit will be accessible to and viewable by other users. Except as may be required to register and/or maintain your Account, do not submit personally identifiable information (e.g. first and last name together, password, phone number, address, credit or debit card number, medical information, e-mail address, or other contact information) on the Service. 
Except as otherwise described in our Privacy Policy or any Additional Terms we provide to you, you agree that (i) your User Content will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and will not be returned, and (ii) Linden Lab does not assume any obligation of any kind to you or any third party with respect to your User Content. Upon Linden Lab's request, you will furnish us with any documentation necessary to substantiate these rights and verify your compliance with this Agreement or any Additional Terms. 
1.4 Linden Lab is a service provider and is not responsible or liable for the Content, conduct, or services of users or third parties.
You understand that Linden Lab is a service provider that enables its users to interact online and display and communicate information and Content chosen by those users. Linden Lab does not control or endorse the Content of communications between users or users' interactions with each other or the Service.
You acknowledge that you will be exposed to various aspects of the Service involving the conduct, Content, and services of users, and that Linden Lab does not control and is not responsible or liable for the quality, safety, legality, truthfulness or accuracy of any such user conduct, User Content or user services. You acknowledge that Linden Lab does not guarantee the accuracy of information submitted by any user of the Service, nor any identity information about any user. Your interactions with other users and your use of User Content are entirely at your own risk. Linden Lab has no obligation to become involved in any dispute that you may have or claim to have with one or more users of the Service, or in any manner in any resolution thereof. 
The Service may contain links to or otherwise allow connections to third-party websites, servers, and online services or environments that are not owned or controlled by Linden Lab. You agree that Linden Lab is not responsible or liable for the Content, policies or practices of any third-party websites, servers or online services or environments. Please consult any applicable terms of use and privacy policies provided by the third party for such websites, servers or online services or environments.
1.5 The Service is subject to scheduled and unscheduled service interruptions and loss of server data, which you do not own and for which you will not hold us liable.
Linden Lab may on occasion need to interrupt the Service with or without prior notice. You agree that Linden Lab will not be liable for any interruption of the Service (whether intentional or not), and you understand that except as may otherwise be specifically provided in Linden Lab's billing policies, posted on applicable areas of the Service and/or Website(s), you will not be entitled to any refunds of fees or other compensation for interruption of service.
Likewise, you agree that in the event of data loss, we will not be liable for any purported damage or harm arising therefrom. Linden Lab owns the bits and bytes of electronic data stored on its Servers, and accordingly will not be liable for any deletion, corruption or data loss that occurs in connection with the Service. Linden Lab will solely determine any disposition of the electronic data stored on its Servers and will have no obligation to reproduce, process, transfer, extract or recreate any data from its Servers. 
Return to top
2. CONTENT LICENSES AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
2.1 Linden Lab owns Intellectual Property Rights in the Service and the Linden Marks.
Linden Lab owns Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Service, including but not limited to the Linden Content, Software, the Servers, and the Websites related thereto, and in and to our trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, taglines and trade dress (collectively, the "Linden Marks"). You acknowledge and agree that Linden Lab and its licensors own all right, title, and interest in and to the Service, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein, other than with respect to User Content.
You understand and agree that without a written license agreement with Linden Lab, we do not authorize you to make any use of the Linden Marks, including but not limited to "LINDEN," or "LINDEN LAB". Use of the Linden Marks in whole or in part is subject to the guidelines and terms of any applicable license provided in our Trademark Guidelines. 
Except as expressly granted in this Agreement, all rights, title and interest in and to the Service, and in and to the Linden Marks are reserved by Linden Lab. Copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States and foreign countries protect the Service and the Linden Marks.
2.2 Linden Lab grants you certain licenses to access and use the Service while you are in compliance with the Terms; Additional terms may apply.
Linden Lab hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, limited, personal, revocable license to access and use the Service on an Internet Device as set forth in these Terms and expressly conditioned upon you and each of your Accounts remaining active, in good standing, and in compliance with these Terms. Additional terms may apply to certain elements of the Service ("Additional Terms"); these terms are available where such separate elements are made available through the Service. If there is any contradiction between any Additional Terms and these Terms, then the Additional Terms shall take precedence only in relation to that particular element of the Service. For examples of such Additional Terms, please see Section 12 below. 
Use of the Software is subject to these Terms and the terms of any applicable Product Policy provided with such software. If no Product Policy is provided with certain Software, such software is subject to the license terms set forth in this Section. Linden Lab hereby grants you a nonexclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited, personal and revocable license to install and use the object code of the Software on any Internet Device that you own or control. You may not charge any third party for using the Software, and you may not modify, adapt, reverse engineer (except as otherwise permitted by applicable law notwithstanding such limitation), decompile or attempt to discover the source code of the Software, or create any derivative works of the Software, or otherwise use the Software except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 
Linden Lab provides access to Linden Content and hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited, personal, revocable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Linden Content solely as permitted through the normal functionality of the Service and under these Terms, except that photographs, images, films, and videos of Linden Content may be used in other areas of and outside the Service only as may be set forth in an applicable Product Policy. To be clear, and without limiting the foregoing, you may not use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display or perform any Linden Content, whether modified by you or not, outside the virtual environment of the Service except as provided in an applicable Product Policy or as expressly agreed upon in a written agreement with Linden Lab. The foregoing license is referred to as a "Linden Content License." You acknowledge that when you receive a Linden Content License you do not acquire ownership of any copies of the Content, or transfer of any copyright or other intellectual property rights in the Content.
2.3 You grant Linden Lab certain licenses to your User Content.
You retain any and all Intellectual Property Rights you already hold under applicable law in Content you upload, publish, and submit to or through the Servers, Websites, and other areas of the Service, subject to the rights, licenses, and other terms of this Agreement, including any underlying rights of other users or Linden Lab in Content that you may use or modify.
In connection with Content you upload, publish, or submit to any part of the Service, you affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have all necessary Intellectual Property Rights, licenses, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Linden Lab and users of the Service to use the Content in the manner contemplated by the Service and these Terms. 
Because the law may or may not recognize certain Intellectual Property Rights in any particular Content, you should consult a lawyer if you want legal advice regarding your legal rights in a specific situation. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for knowing, protecting, and enforcing any Intellectual Property Rights you hold, and that Linden Lab cannot do so on your behalf.
Except as prohibited by law, you hereby waive, and you agree to waive, any moral rights (including attribution and integrity) that you may have in any User Content, even if it is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. To the extent not waivable, you irrevocably agree not to exercise such rights (if any) in a manner that interferes with any exercise of the granted rights. You understand that you will not receive any fees, sums, consideration or remuneration for any of the rights granted in this Section.
Except as otherwise described in any Additional Terms (such as a contest's official rules) which will govern the submission of your User Content, you hereby grant to Linden Lab, and you agree to grant to Linden Lab, the non-exclusive, unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, and cost-free right and license to use, copy, record, distribute, reproduce, disclose, modify, display, publicly perform, transmit, publish, broadcast, translate, make derivative works of, and sell, re-sell or sublicense (through multiple levels)(with respect to each Product or otherwise on the Service as permitted by you through your interactions with the Service), and otherwise exploit in any manner whatsoever, all or any portion of your User Content (and derivative works thereof), for any purpose whatsoever in all formats, on or through any media, software, formula, or medium now known or hereafter developed, and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed, and to advertise, market, and promote the same. You agree that the license includes the right to copy, analyze and use any of your Content as Linden Lab may deem necessary or desirable for purposes of debugging, testing, or providing support or development services in connection with the Service and future improvements to the Service. The license granted in this Section 2.3 is referred to as the "Service Content License." 
Linden Lab has no obligation to monitor or enforce your intellectual property rights to your User Content, but you grant us the right to protect and enforce our rights to your User Content, including by bringing and controlling actions in your name and on your behalf (at Linden Lab's cost and expense, to which you hereby consent and irrevocably appoint Linden Lab as your attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution and delegation, which appointment is coupled with an interest).
2.4 You grant certain Content licenses to other users by submitting your Content to publicly accessible areas of the Service.
You agree that by uploading, publishing, or submitting any Content to any publicly accessible areas of the Service, you hereby grant other users of that aspect of the Service a non-exclusive license to access the User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Content on the Service solely as permitted by you through your interactions with the Service under these Terms. This license is referred to as the "User Content License," and the Content being licensed is referred to as "User Content." "Publicly accessible" areas of the Service are those areas that are accessible to other users of that aspect of the Service.
If you do not wish to grant users of the Service a User Content License, you agree that it is your obligation to avoid displaying or making available your Content to other users. 
Your interactions with the Service may include use of a permissions system as provided in an applicable Product Policy. Any agreement you make with other users relating to use or access to your Content must be consistent with these Terms and the applicable Product Policy, and no such agreement can abrogate, nullify, void or modify these Terms or the applicable Product Policy.
You acknowledge that when you receive a User Content License you receive only licensing and use rights; therefore, you do not acquire ownership of any copies of the Content, or transfer of any copyright or other Intellectual Property Rights in the Content. 
2.5 You also grant Linden Lab and other users of the Service a license to use your Content in snapshots and machinima that is displayed in publicly accessible areas of the Service.
You agree that by uploading, publishing, or submitting any Content to or through the Servers for display in any publicly accessible area of the Service, you hereby grant other users a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to photograph, capture an image of, film, and record a video of the Content, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the resulting photograph, image, film, or video in any current or future media as provided in and subject to the restrictions and requirements of an applicable Product Policy or other policy. The foregoing license is referred to as the "Snapshot and Machinima Content License."
2.6 You may delete copies of your Content from the Service, and the licenses you have granted for the deleted copies will terminate with certain limitations.
Where permitted, you may delete copies or instances of your Content that you have displayed or that are in your Account inventory through the normal functionality of the Service, such as by emptying the trash folder in your Account inventory as applicable. In such event, the licenses granted by you in this Section 2 shall terminate in the manner provided below, but only for those particular copies or instances of Content that you have deleted from the Service.
You acknowledge that this termination will not apply to any other copies or instances of the same Content that you have not specifically deleted from the Service, including without limitation those that may be displayed elsewhere through the Service and those that may be in the Account inventories of other users to whom you transferred copies.
You acknowledge that the Snapshot and Machinima Content License granted to Linden Lab and other users with respect to your Content will survive any such termination.
You also acknowledge that the Service Content License granted to Linden Lab with respect to your Content will survive any such termination solely as follows to permit Linden Lab: (i) to retain server copies of particular instances of your Content, including copies stored in connection with back-up, debugging, and testing procedures; and (ii) to enable the exercise of the licenses granted in this Section 2 for any other copies or instances of the same Content that you have not specifically deleted from the Service, including those that may be displayed elsewhere through the Service or exist in other users' Account inventories.
2.7 You agree to respect the Intellectual Property Rights of other users, Linden Lab, and third parties.
You agree that you will not publish, or submit to any part of the Service, any Content that is protected by Intellectual Property Rights or otherwise subject to proprietary rights, including trade secret or privacy rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from the rightful owner to upload, publish, or submit the Content and to grant Linden Lab and users of the Service all of the license rights granted in these Terms.
You acknowledge that the Content of the Service is provided or made available to you under license from Linden Lab and independent Content providers, including other users of the Service ("Content Providers"). You acknowledge and agree that except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Intellectual Property Rights of Linden Lab and other Content Providers in their respective Content are not licensed to you by your mere use of the Service. You must obtain from the applicable Content Providers any necessary license rights in Content that you desire to use or access.
Linden Lab and other Content Providers may use the normal functionality of the Service, including an applicable permissions system and the copy, modify, and transfer settings, to indicate how you may use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, or perform their respective Content solely through the Service. You acknowledge and agree that the permissions system and other functionality of the Service do not grant you any license, consent, or permission to copy, modify, transfer, or use in any manner any Content outside the Service.
You agree that you will not copy, transfer, or distribute outside the Service any Content that contains any Linden Content, in whole or in part or in modified or unmodified form, except as allowed by an applicable Product Policy or other policy, or that infringes or violates any Intellectual Property Rights of Linden Lab, other Content Providers, or any third parties.
Linden Lab reserves the right, but is not obligated to use technological measures designed to prohibit the copying, transfer, or distribution of Content outside the Service when we in good faith believe that such copying, transfer, or distribution would or might violate the Intellectual Property Rights of our users, Linden Lab, or third parties.
You copy and use Content at your own risk. You are solely responsible and liable for your use, reproduction, distribution, modification, display, or performance of any Content in violation of any Intellectual Property Rights. You agree that Linden Lab will have no liability for, and you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Linden Lab harmless for, any claims, losses or damages arising out of or in connection with your use, reproduction, distribution, modification, display, or performance of any Content.
Return to top
3. ELIGIBILITY TO USE THE SERVICE 
3.1 Age Requirements for the Service.
By accepting this Agreement, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age (or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, if greater) and you have the legal authority to enter into this Agreement. If you are less than eighteen (18) years of age (or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, if greater), then your parent or legal guardian must read and accept this Agreement, your use of the Service, participating in the Service, and providing any personal information in connection with the Service on your behalf. 
3.2 Age Requirements for Use of Areas of the Service, Software, and Content.
Certain Software, Content, or areas of the Service may be subject to certain age requirements, as specified in an applicable Product Policy. By using or accessing such Software, Content, or areas of the Service, you represent that you satisfy the age requirements set forth in the applicable Product Policy. 
When a child under the age of thirteen (13) contacts Linden Lab, for example, to participate in a contest or to ask a question, we may collect that child's email address and the e-mail address of the child's parent or guardian. We will use the child's e-mail address only for the purpose for which it was collected, and we will use the e-mail address of the parent(s) or guardian(s) only to provide notification about the child's contact with us, and to provide notification of the types and uses of personal data collected, if and as required by law.
As a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) from whom we have collected personal data, you have the right to review and request deletion of such personal data, and to refuse to permit further collection or use of such personal data. To do so, please contact us at privacy@lindenlab.com. Parents and guardians who wish to review personal data concerning their child(ren) will be required to specify the usernames and passwords of the child(ren) concerned, and to provide their own e-mail address for verification and contact purposes.
We cannot and will not establish conditions that will require or encourage children to disclose personal data over and above what is reasonably necessary to participate in any activity features on our web sites.
Children under thirteen (13) years of age are allowed to participate in contests. However, if such a child wins, notification will be sent to the parent or guardian's e-mail address (provided by the child when he/she enters the contest). Also, we will not ask the child for any personal data beyond e-mail addresses without obtaining prior parental consent. Any personal data obtained from children and parents during contests will be kept until the contest ends and prizes are delivered, and then it will be deleted.
If any online activity offered by us will allow children under the age of thirteen (13) to reveal personal data publicly (for example via un-moderated forums), we will obtain parental consent before allowing the child to participate. 
3.3 Requirements for Corporate Users and Sponsoring Organizations.
If you are using the Service on behalf of a company, organization or other legal entity (collectively, "User Organization"), you represent and warrant that you are an employee of that User Organization or other person authorized to do so. 
3.4 Other Eligibility Requirements for Use of the Service.
You may not use the Service (i) if you have been terminated from the Service by Linden Lab (including, for avoidance of doubt, if any Account of yours has been terminated); or (ii) at any time if you are a person barred from receiving the Service under applicable law. 
Return to top
4. ACCOUNT REGISTRATION AND BILLING
4.1 You must establish an account to use certain aspects of the Service, using true and accurate registration information.
Except for certain Software or portions of the Websites which Linden Lab allows users to access without registration, you must establish an Account with Linden Lab to use the Service. You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form ("Registration Data") and to use the account management tools provided to keep your Registration Data accurate, current and complete.
You may establish an Account with Registration Data provided to Linden Lab by a third party who provides a gateway to our Service through the use of an API, in which case you may have a separate, additional account relationship with such third party. This relationship in no way modifies, lessens or alters your obligations under this Terms. Access to the Service through third parties may be available or discontinued at the discretion of Linden Lab. You acknowledge that Linden Lab is not liable for the acts or omissions of such third parties, which are not the partner or representative of Linden Lab or endorsed or controlled by Linden Lab. 
Depending upon your age and the age requirements set forth in an applicable Product Policy, registration may require parental consent. The Service's practices governing any resulting collection and use of your personal information are disclosed in our Privacy Policy. Your decision to provide this information is purely voluntary and optional; however, if you elect not to provide it, then you may not be able to access certain Content or participate in certain features of the Service.
You may not sell, transfer or assign your Account or its contractual rights, licenses and obligations, to any third party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, permitting another individual to access your Account) without the prior written consent of Linden Lab. Linden Lab reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to manage and control the number of Accounts that you may establish and maintain. 
4.2 You agree to use an Account Name for each Product that is not misleading, offensive or infringing. You are responsible for activities related to your Account Name, and for keeping your password for your Account(s) secure.
You must choose an Account Name for your Account which may also serve as the name for your graphical representation within each Product (your "Avatar"). You may not select as your Account Name any name that Linden Lab determines may cause deception or confusion; may violate any trademark right, copyright, or other proprietary right or mislead other users regarding your identity or affiliation; or any name that Linden Lab determines in its sole discretion to be vulgar, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate. Linden Lab reserves the right to delete or change any Account Name that violates this paragraph, and will have no liability regarding the use, modification, or deletion of any Account Name.
You are solely responsible for all activities conducted through your Account whether or not you authorize the activity (except to the extent that activities occur because someone gains access to our system without using your identifiers and password). In the event that fraud, illegality or other conduct that violates this Agreement is discovered or reported (whether by you or someone else) that is connected with your Account, we may terminate your Account (or Accounts) as described in Section 5.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for restricting access to your Internet Device. You are solely responsible for any harm resulting from your disclosure, or authorization of the disclosure, of your password or from any person's use of your password to gain access to your Account or Account Name. You will immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Account, password or username, or any other breach of security related to the Service. At no time should you respond to an online request for a password other than in connection with the log-on process to the Service. Your disclosure of your password to any other person is at your own risk. If you lose access to your Account for any reason, Linden Lab may, but is not required to, attempt to restore access to your Account by verifying your Registration Data. In the event that you are unable to provide the Registration Data, Linden Lab reserves the right to suspend your Account(s). 
We will not be liable for any loss or damage (of any kind and under any legal theory) to you or any third party arising from your inability or failure for any reason to comply with any of the foregoing obligations. 
4.3 If you choose to use paid aspects of the Service, you agree to the posted pricing and billing policies on the Websites, through the Service, or by an applicable Payment Service Provider.
Certain aspects of the Service (including subscription to a premium Account or usage of virtual environments ("Virtual Space," as may be further described in an applicable Product Policy)), are provided for a fee or other charge by Linden Lab or an applicable Payment Service Provider. Should you elect to use paid aspects of the Service, you agree to the pricing, payment and billing policies related to such fees and charges, plus VAT or other taxes as applicable, as posted on the Website(s), application(s), or by an applicable Payment Service Provider. Upon your acceptance of these terms and submission of your order, you hereby agree that Linden Lab or an applicable Payment Service Provider (collectively, for purposes of this Section 4.3, "we") have the right to automatically charge your credit card or debit your account (or other payment method) for the applicable fees or charges, plus any applicable taxes that we are required to collect, and you authorize us to do so. Thereafter, if you have purchased or redeemed a subscription-based product or service, each time your subscription comes up for renewal, we have the right to charge your credit card or debit your account the then-current renewal rate plus any applicable taxes we are required to collect, and you authorize us to do so. Any prices posted in US Dollar or non-US Dollar currencies by Linden Lab on the Service do not include any applicable sales tax, unless specifically noted that it is tax inclusive. 
Linden Lab reserves the right, upon reasonable notice, to (directly or through an applicable Payment Service Provider): (i) charge for access to some or all of the Service, charge for access to premium functionality or Content on some or all of the Website, require a free or paid subscription ("Usage Subscription"), or account registration to access some or all of the Service; (ii) change terms and conditions for the Service or portions thereof; and (iii) restrict access to the Service or portions thereof, in whole or in part, based on any lawful eligibility requirements Linden Lab may elect to impose (e.g. geographic or demographic limitations). You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining, at your sole cost, all Internet Devices and other equipment and software, and services necessary for you to access and use the Service. 
You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to ensure payment in advance for all paid aspects of the Service, and to ensure that your credit or debit cards or other payment instruments accepted by Linden Lab or an applicable Payment Service Provider continue to be valid and sufficient for such purposes. Payments made with a United States-based payment instrument will be charged by Linden Research, Inc. Payments made with payments instruments based outside of the United States will be charged by Tilia Branch UK Ltd., which is located at 11-12 St. James's Square, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, London, United Kingdom SW1Y 4LB. 
Linden Lab may offer you the opportunity (directly or through an applicable Payment Service Provider) to purchase or use virtual credits, points, tokens, services, or items ("Virtual Goods and Services"). Linden Lab may modify, revalue, or make the Virtual Goods and Services more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional. Virtual credits, points, or tokens as further described in each applicable Product Policy ("Virtual Tender") associated with your Account that were purchased with U.S. dollars or other accepted fiat currency may be used or exchanged before Virtual Tender associated with your Account that was not purchased (e.g., Virtual Tender that was earned through experiential play), no matter when that Virtual Tender was acquired. Except as set forth in any Additional Terms (such as any refund policies that may apply to a subscription service) or above with respect to Usage Subscriptions, if Linden Lab modifies, suspends or terminates any Usage Subscription or Virtual Goods and Services (including any Virtual Tender), then you will forfeit your rights to the modified, suspended, or terminated Usage Subscription or Virtual Goods and Services. Likewise, except as set forth above, in any Additional Terms, or as required by applicable law, Linden Lab is not responsible for repairing, replacing or restoring access to your Usage Subscription, or Virtual Goods and Services (including any Virtual Space or other Virtual Tender associated with each Product, as further described in an applicable Product Policy), or providing you with any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of: (a) Linden Lab's change, suspension or termination of any Usage Subscription or Virtual Goods and Services (including any Virtual Space or other Virtual Tender associated with each Product, as further described in an applicable Product Policy); or (b) for loss or damage due to Website or Server error, or any other reason.
Without limiting any other rights or remedies of Linden Lab, Linden Lab may exercise its termination rights as provided in Section 5 in the event of any payment delinquency. Linden Lab further reserves the right to terminate Usage Subscriptions and/or Virtual Goods and Services for cause immediately at its sole discretion without advance notice or liability. In such event you will not be entitled to a pro-rata refund or credit. 
4.4 Linden Lab has no obligation to accept returns or provide refunds of any amounts paid for products or services purchased from Linden Lab. 
Except as set forth above or in any Additional Terms, purchases of Linden Content (including but not limited to Usage Subscriptions, Virtual Tender, and/or other Virtual Goods and Services) are final, non-refundable, have no monetary value (i.e. are not a cash account or equivalent) and are purchases of only a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable license to use content Inworld, even if they come with a durational term (e.g. a monthly subscription). Notwithstanding any agreement by Linden Lab to provide a discretionary pro-rata refund or credit in certain circumstances, you have no property, proprietary, intellectual property, ownership, economic, or monetary interest in your Account, User Content, Usage Subscriptions, Virtual Tender or other Virtual Goods and Services, which remain the exclusive property of Linden Lab (subject only to the limited license set forth in Section 2 above, this Agreement or any Additional Terms). 
Return to top
5. TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT
5.1  You or we may terminate your Account(s) at any time.
You may terminate this Agreement by closing your Account(s) at any time for any reason. Linden Lab may suspend or terminate your Account at any time for any reason. In such event, Linden Lab shall have no further obligation or liability to you under this Agreement or otherwise, and you shall be entitled to no compensation or other payment, remedy, recourse or refund.
5.2 We may terminate your Accounts for violation of this Agreement. 
Linden Lab may suspend or terminate your Account if you violate this Agreement, along with any or all other Accounts held by you or otherwise related to you, as determined by Linden Lab in its discretion, and your violation of this Agreement shall be deemed to apply to all such Accounts. Upon termination of your Accounts, this Agreement between us will be automatically terminated and you may not re-subscribe or return to the Service through other or future Accounts you or others may set up. 
5.3 We may terminate your Account(s) to protect the best interests of the Service and the community or if we believe you pose an unacceptable risk to the community.
We may terminate your Account if we determine in our discretion that such action is necessary or advisable to comply with legal requirements or protect the rights or interests of Linden Lab, the Service community or any third party.
We may terminate your Account(s) if we learn, or in good faith believe, that you are a registered sex offender, that accessing the Service may violate a condition of parole or probation, that you have engaged in or attempted to engage in conduct with minors on the Service that violates this Agreement, or that you for any other reason may pose what we deem to be an unacceptable risk to the Service community.
5.4 We may terminate your Accounts upon a general suspension or discontinuation of the Service.
If Linden Lab elects to generally suspend or discontinue the Service, in whole or in part, for any reason, Linden Lab may terminate your Accounts. In such event, you will not be entitled to compensation for such suspension or termination, and you acknowledge that Linden Lab will have no liability to you in connection with such suspension or termination. 
5.5 Upon Account termination, you will lose access to your Account and all licenses, Content, and data, and you understand this is a risk of participating in the Service.
Upon termination of your Account, you will no longer be able to access your Account or access (or transfer or direct the transfer to any other Account) any Content or data you have stored on the Servers. All licenses granted by Linden Lab to use the Service, including any Virtual Tender will automatically terminate. You acknowledge that you have elected to procure Virtual Tender or any premium account or paid features of the Service notwithstanding the possibility of termination of such license rights under the circumstances set forth in this Agreement.
You should ensure that you have only stored Content on the Servers to which you are willing to permanently lose access. You acknowledge and assume the risk of the possibility of termination of your Account as provided in this Agreement, and you represent that you will make your decisions to participate in the Service, contribute Content, spend your money and dispose of transferable licenses at all times knowingly based upon these risks.
Upon termination, you will remain liable for any unpaid amounts owed by you to Linden Lab. 
5.6 Some terms of this Agreement will survive and continue after termination.
The provisions of this Agreement and any Additional Terms which by their nature should survive your suspension or termination will survive, including the rights and licenses you grant to Linden Lab in this Agreement, as well as to the indemnities, releases, disclaimers, and limitations on liability and the provisions regarding jurisdiction, choice of law, no class action and mandatory arbitration. 
Return to top
6. CONDUCT BY USERS OF THE SERVICE
You agree to abide by certain rules of conduct, including any applicable community standards for the portion of the Service you are using) and other rules prohibiting illegal and other practices that Linden Lab deems harmful. 
You are solely responsible for your interaction with other users of the Service, whether online or offline. We are not responsible or liable for the conduct or content of any user. We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other users. 
Exercise common sense and your best judgment in your interactions with others (e.g. when you submit any personal or other information) and in all of your other online activities.
6.1 You will not post or transmit prohibited Content, including any Content that is illegal, harassing or violates any person's rights.
You agree that you will not:
(i) Post, display, or transmit Content that violates any law or the rights of any third party, including without limitation Intellectual Property Rights. We reserve the right to request at any time proof of permissions in a form acceptable to us. Failure to provide such proof may lead to, among other things, removal of such Content from the Service;
(ii) Impersonate any person or entity without their consent, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation, or if you are an adult, impersonate a minor for the purpose of interacting with a minor using the Service;
(iii) Stalk, harass, or engage in any sexual, suggestive, lewd, lascivious, or otherwise inappropriate conduct with minors on the Service;
(iv) Post, display, or transmit Content (including any communication(s) with employees of Linden Lab) that is harmful, threatening or harassing, defamatory, libelous, false, inaccurate, misleading, or invades another person's privacy;
(v) Post, display, or transmit Content that is obscene, hateful, involves terrorism, or is racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; or
(vi) Post, display or transmit any Content or conduct or host any activity that is sexually explicit, or intensely violent. 
Any violation by you of the terms of this Section may result in immediate termination of your Accounts without any refund or other compensation.
6.2 You agree that you will not post or transmit Content or code that may be harmful, impede other users' functionality, invade other users' privacy, or surreptitiously or negatively impact any system or network.
You agree to respect both the integrity of the Service and the privacy of other users. You will not:
(i) Post or transmit viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware, time bombs, cancelbots, or other computer programming routines that may harm the Service or interests or rights of other users, or that may harvest or collect any data or information about other users without their consent;
(ii) Post or transmit unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, or promotional materials, that are in the nature of "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation that Linden Lab considers to be of such nature;
(iii) Engage in malicious or disruptive conduct that impedes or interferes with other users' normal use of or enjoyment of the Service;
(iv) Use any cheats, mods, hacks, or any other unauthorized techniques or unauthorized third-party software to cheat in any competition or game that may be offered on the Service, or to otherwise disrupt or modify the Service or the experience of any users on the Service; or
(v) Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any other user's Account, password or Content.
Return to top
7. INFRINGEMENT NOTIFICATIONS
We operate an intellectual property complaint process for complaints that User Content infringes another's Intellectual Property Rights, the details of which are described in the Intellectual Property Infringement Notification Policy.
Return to top
8. PRIVACY AND YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your privacy is important to us. Our Privacy Policy sets forth the conditions under which you provide personal and other information to us. You understand and agree that through your use of the Service you consent to the collection and use of your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy, which describes our use and disclosure of information we collect on the Websites and the Service.
If you object to your information being used or disclosed as described therein, please do not use the Service.
Return to top
9. RELEASES, DISCLAIMERS, LIABILITY LIMITS AND INDEMNIFICATION
9.1 Linden Lab is NOT liable for its users' actions, and you release Linden Lab from any claims relating to other users.
You agree not to hold Linden Lab liable for the Content, actions, or inactions of other users. As a condition of access to the Service, you release Linden Lab (and its officers, directors, shareholders, agents, subsidiaries and employees) from claims, demands, losses, liabilities and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any dispute you have or claim to have with one or more users, including whether or not Linden Lab becomes involved in any resolution or attempted resolution of the dispute. 
If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." If you are a resident of another jurisdiction, you waive any comparable statute or doctrine.
You agree and understand that Linden Lab does not control and is not responsible for information you provide to parties other than Linden Lab.
9.2 Linden Lab provides the Service on an "as is" basis, without express or implied warranties, and all Content, including Virtual Tender and other Virtual Goods and Services, have no guarantee or warranty of any compensable value.
LINDEN LAB PROVIDES THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE SOFTWARE, THE WEBSITES, THE SERVERS, THE CONTENT (INCLUDING THE VIRTUAL GOODS AND SERVICES), AND YOUR ACCOUNT, STRICTLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WRITTEN OR ORAL, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
NO VALUE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IS GUARANTEED OR WARRANTED WITH RESPECT TO ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING VIRTUAL TENDER OR ANY OTHER VIRTUAL GOODS AND SERVICES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE IN YOUR CONTENT OR ANY EXPENDITURE ON YOUR PART, LINDEN LAB AND YOU EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY COMPENSABLE VALUE RELATING TO OR ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY DATA RELATING TO YOUR ACCOUNT RESIDING ON LINDEN LAB'S SERVERS. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK OF LOSS FROM USING THE SERVICE ON THIS BASIS.
Linden Lab does not ensure continuous, error-free, secure or virus-free operation of the Service, the Software, the Websites, the Servers, or your Account, and you understand that you shall not be entitled to refunds or other compensation based on Linden Lab's failure to provide any of the foregoing other than as explicitly provided in this Agreement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties and, to that extent, the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you.
9.3 Linden Lab's liability to you is expressly limited, to the extent allowable under applicable law.
IN NO EVENT SHALL LINDEN LAB OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, SUBSIDIARIES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, ECONOMIC, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, RELIANCE, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE LOSSES OR DAMAGES OR DISGORGEMENT OR COMPARABLE EQUITABLE REMEDY, FOR LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE) OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE (INCLUDING ITS MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION), THE SOFTWARE, THE WEBSITES, THE SERVERS, YOUR ACCOUNT (INCLUDING ITS TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION) OR THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT LINDEN LAB MAY HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT ANY SUCH DAMAGES MIGHT OR COULD OCCUR AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY.
EXCEPT AS MAY BE PROVIDED IN ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LINDEN LAB'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED THE GREATER OF (i) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00); OR (ii) THE FEES, IF ANY, PAID BY YOU FOR USE OF THE SERVICE; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THIS PROVISION WILL NOT APPLY IF A TRIBUNAL WITH APPLICABLE JURISDICTION FINDS SUCH TO BE UNCONSCIONABLE.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the foregoing limitations of liability, so to the extent that any such limitation is found to be impermissible, such limitation may not apply to you. In such jurisdictions, the liability of the Linden Lab parties to you is limited to the lowest amount permitted by applicable law. 
9.4 You agree to indemnify Linden Lab from claims relating to your use of the Service.
At Linden Lab's request, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Linden Lab, its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, subsidiaries, and agents from all damages, liabilities, claims and expenses, including without limitation attorneys' fees and costs, arising from: (i) your User Content; (ii) your acts, omissions, or use of the Service, including without limitation your negligent, willful or illegal conduct; (iii) your breach or alleged breach by you of this Agreement, including without limitation your representations and warranties relating to your Content; (iv) your violation or anticipatory violation of any applicable law, rule or order in connection with your use of or activities in the Service; (v) information or material transmitted through your Internet Device that infringes or misappropriates any Intellectual Property Right; (vi) any misrepresentation made by you; (vii) Linden Lab's use of the information that you submit to us; (viii) your purported "ownership" of any Usage Subscriptions or virtual items; or (ix) the increase or decrease in "value" or loss of Usage Subscriptions or virtual items if Linden Lab deletes, terminates, or modifies them (all of the foregoing, "Claims and Losses") . We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim. You will not settle any Claims and Losses without, in each instance, the prior, written consent of an officer of Linden Lab. 
9.5 You are not our employee, and you have no rights to compensation.
You acknowledge that your participation in the Service, including your creation or uploading of Content in the Service, does not make you a Linden Lab employee and that you do not expect to be, and will not be, compensated by Linden Lab for such activities, and you will make no claim inconsistent with these acknowledgements. In addition, no agency, partnership, joint venture or franchise relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
9.6 Unsolicited Ideas and Materials Prohibited; No Confidential or Special Relationship with Linden Lab.
Linden Lab employs a staff of designers to develop new ideas and Linden Lab solicits and receives product idea submissions from professional inventors with whom it has business relationships.
Because of this, in your communications with Linden Lab, please keep in mind that Linden Lab does not accept or consider any unsolicited ideas or materials for products or services, or even improvements to products or services, (collectively, "Unsolicited Ideas and Materials"). Therefore, you must not send to Linden Lab (even within any of your User Content that we may request), in any form and by any means, any Unsolicited Ideas and Materials. Any Unsolicited Ideas and Materials you post on or send to us via the Service are deemed User Content and licensed to us as set forth above.
Except as otherwise specifically described in the Service's Privacy Statement or any Additional Terms, your relationship with Linden Lab is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other type of special relationship and your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials, and anything else submitted by you will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary User Content – regardless of whether you mark them "confidential", "proprietary", or the like. Linden Lab will not assume any responsibility, obligation, or liability for the receipt or non-receipt of any of the foregoing. Therefore, your decision to submit any Unsolicited Ideas and Materials to Linden Lab does not place Linden Lab in a position that is any different from the position held by members of the general public with regard to your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials.
Linden Lab's receipt of your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials is not an admission by Linden Lab of their novelty, priority, or originality, and it does not impair Linden Lab's right to contest existing or future intellectual property rights relating to your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials.
Return to top
10. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you also agree to arbitrate any and all claims against Linden Lab pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act and subject to the terms below (the "Agreement to Arbitrate"). You and Linden Lab agree that we intend that this Section 10 satisfies the "writing" requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act and further agree that, notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms of Service, the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate. 
10.1 If a dispute arises between you and Linden Lab regarding a claim, you and we agree to alternative dispute resolution. 
Our goal is to provide you with a neutral and cost-effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. If any controversy, allegation or claim arises out of or relates to the Service, the Website(s), the Content, your User Content, your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials, this Agreement, your decision to enter into this Agreement, any Additional Terms or any other aspect of your relationship with Linden Lab (collectively, "Dispute"), then you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it. Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information (including email address) that you provide us. You are obligated to ensure that such contact information is current and accurate. Your notice to us must be sent to: Linden Research, Inc., 945 Battery Street, San Francisco, CA 94111, Attention: General Counsel. For a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Linden and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Dispute, though neither party is required to resolve such dispute on terms which each party, in its sole discretion, is uncomfortable. 
IF WE CANNOT RESOLVE A DISPUTE WITHIN SIXTY (60) DAYS OF RECEIPT OF SUCH NOTICE, THEN EITHER YOU OR WE MAY ELECT TO SUBMIT THE DISPUTE TO FORMAL ARBITRATION AS HEREINAFTER DESCRIBED. WITH ARBITRATION (A) THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY, (B) THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS AND ARBITRATION OUTCOME ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CONFIDENTIALITY RULES, AND (C) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF THE ARBITRATION OUTCOME IS LIMITED. Further, you and Linden Lab agree that, should resolution of the Dispute(s) occur in arbitration, such Dispute(s) will be arbitrated only on an individual basis and will not be consolidated with any other arbitration or other proceedings that involve any claim or controversy of any other party. But if, for any reason, any court with competent jurisdiction or any arbitrator selected pursuant to this arbitration provision holds that this restriction, limiting the arbitration to Dispute(s) between you and Linden Lab, is unenforceable, then our agreement above to arbitrate will not apply and the Dispute must be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts of San Francisco County, California. 
Should either you or Linden Lab elect to resolve the Dispute by way of binding arbitration, the arbitration shall proceed in accordance with the then-current Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), except that, as noted, in no event shall the arbitration proceed as a class or representative action. If the Dispute has a claimed value of not more than $10,000,000, then the arbitration will be heard and determined by a single, neutral arbitrator who is a retired judge or a lawyer with not less than ten (10) years' experience as a practicing member of the bar in the substantive practice area related to the Dispute, who will administer the proceedings in accordance with the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. If the Dispute has a claimed value of more than $10,000,000, then the arbitration will be heard and determined by a three (3) member panel, with one member to be selected by each party and the third (who will chair the panel) selected by the two (2) party-appointed members or by the AAA in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules. The arbitrator or arbitration panel, as the case may be, will apply applicable law and the provisions of this Agreement and any Additional Terms, will determine any Dispute according to applicable law and facts based upon the record and no other basis, and will issue a reasoned award.
If a party properly submits the Dispute to the AAA for formal arbitration and the AAA is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within sixty (60) days of the filing of a "demand for arbitration," then either party can elect to have the arbitration administered by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services Inc. ("JAMS") using JAMS' streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures, or by any other arbitration administration service that you and a legal officer of Linden Lab consent to in writing, except, as noted above, that in no event shall the arbitration proceed as a class or representative action. The substantive practice area requirements for the arbitrator and the $10,000,000 threshold for the number of arbitrators assigned to the Dispute set forth in the paragraph above will also apply to any such arbitration under JAMS or other arbitration service. 
You can obtain AAA and JAMS procedures, rules, and fee information as follows:
AAA: 1.800.778.7879 or www.adr.org
JAMS: 1.800.352.5267 or www.jamsadr.com
All parties to the arbitration will have the right, at their own expense, to be represented by an attorney or other advocate of their choosing. If the Dispute has a claimed value of not more than $250,000, an arbitration hearing will be conducted, at your election, either by telephone (or other mutually agreeable remote technology) or in City and County of San Francisco, California. If the Dispute has a claimed value of more than $250,000, the arbitration will be conducted in the City and County of San Francisco, California. You and we will pay the administrative and arbitrator's fees and other costs in accordance with the applicable arbitration rules (including any rules regarding hardship); but if applicable arbitration rules or laws require Linden Lab to pay a greater portion or all of such fees and costs in order for this arbitration provision to be enforceable, or if the arbitrator(s) determine that you would experience an extreme hardship by paying your share of arbitration fees and costs prior to resolution of the Dispute, then Linden Lab will have the right to elect to pay the fees and costs and proceed to arbitration. Discovery will be permitted pursuant to the applicable arbitration rules. The arbitrator's decision must consist of a written statement stating the disposition of each claim of the Dispute, and must provide a statement of the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award (if any) may be entered in or by any court that has jurisdiction over the parties pursuant to Section 9 of the Federal Arbitration Act. The arbitrator must honor the terms of this Agreement (and any Additional Terms) and can award the prevailing party damages and other relief (including attorneys' fees) consistent with applicable law. 
10.2 Exceptions to Requirement to Arbitrate. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 10.1, either party may seek judicial relief from any court of competent jurisdiction (a) to enforce an arbitral award issued hereunder, (b) to compel arbitration required hereunder or (c) to obtain temporary injunctive relief to prevent imminent and irreparable harm or to preserve the status quo until an arbitrator can be empaneled and determine whether to continue, terminate or modify any such relief. In the event of a request for temporary injunctive relief, the requirement for 60 days' dialogue before an arbitration can be initiated shall not apply.
As set out in Section 10.1, in the event a court or arbitrator determines that the limitation of the arbitration to Dispute(s) between you and Linden Lab (prohibiting class or representative proceedings) is unenforceable, the Dispute then must be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts of San Francisco County, California.
Return to top
11. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
11.1 The Service is a United States-based service.
Linden Lab controls and operates the Service from its offices in the United States. Linden Lab makes no representation that any aspect of the Service is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Those who access the Service from other locations are doing so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws regarding your online conduct and acceptable content, if and to the extent local laws apply. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, we reserve the right to limit the availability of, restrict access to, or discontinue the Service and/or any content, program, product, service or other feature described or available on the Service to any person, entity, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any content, program, product, service, or other feature that we provide. 
Software related to or made available by the Service may be subject to export controls of the United States. No software from the Service may be downloaded, exported, or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) any country or other jurisdiction to which the United States has embargoed goods, software, technology or services (which, as of the effective date of this User Agreement, includes Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Sudan and Syria), or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders, or (iii) to anyone on the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security Entities List as published in the Export Administration Regulations (including entities engaged in weapons of mass destruction proliferation in various countries and persons and entities that are suspected of diverting U.S. origin items to embargoed countries or terrorist end-uses). By downloading any software related to the Service, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of, any such country or on any such list.
11.2 You may not assign this Agreement or your Account; we may assign this Agreement.
You may not assign this Agreement or your Account without the prior written consent of Linden Lab. You may not transfer or sublicense any licenses granted by Linden Lab in this Agreement without the prior, written consent of Linden Lab, except solely to the extent this Agreement or an applicable Product Policy permits transfer of any applicable Virtual Tender licenses. Linden Lab may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, and all related rights, licenses, benefits and obligations, without restriction, including the right to sublicense any rights and licenses under this Agreement.
11.3 We agree to provide each other with notices in a specified manner.
Linden Lab may give notice to and obtain consent from you by one or more of the following means: through the Service or Website, by electronic mail to your e-mail address in our records, or by written mail communication to the address on record for your Account. When you communicate with us electronically, such as via e-mail and text message, you consent to receive communications from us electronically.  All notices given by you or required under this Agreement shall be faxed to Linden Lab Legal Department at: (415) 243-9045; or mailed to us at: Linden Lab Legal Department, 945 Battery Street, San Francisco, CA 94111.
With respect to any electronic commercial service on a Website, residents of California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: if you have a complaint, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Boulevard, Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at 1.800.952.5210. See also www.dca.ca.gov. 
11.4 This Agreement and the referenced Policies are the entire understanding between us.
This Agreement, including the Additional Terms and policies referenced in this Agreement, sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and Linden Lab with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings. 
Linden Lab reserves the right to modify this Agreement and any Additional Terms, at any time without prior notice ("Updated Terms"). You agree that we may notify you of the Updated Terms by posting them on the Service, and that your use of the Service after we post the Updated Terms (or engaging in other such conduct as we may reasonably specify) constitutes your agreement to the Updated Terms. Therefore, you should review this Agreement and any Additional Terms on a regular and frequent basis. The Updated Terms will be effective as of the time that Linden Lab posts them or such later date as may be specified in them. Except for such Updated Terms, this Agreement may not be modified except by mutual written agreement between you and Linden Lab that is signed by hand (not electronically) by duly authorized representatives of both parties and expressly references amendment of this Agreement. You acknowledge that no other written, oral or electronic communications will serve to modify or supplement this Agreement, and you agree not to make any claims inconsistent with this understanding or in reliance on communications not part of this Agreement.
The section headings used herein, including descriptive summary sentences at the start of each section, are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. The terms "include" and "including" are not limiting. As used in this Agreement, references to a determination made in Linden Lab's discretion means that the determination will be made by Linden Lab in accordance with its good faith business judgment. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, then in such jurisdiction that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
11.5 The applicable law and venue is in San Francisco, California.
You agree that this Agreement and the relationship between you and Linden Lab shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles or the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. Further, you and Linden Lab agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in the City and County of San Francisco, California, except as provided in Section 10 regarding arbitration. 
11.6 No Equitable or Injunctive Relief. 
IF YOU CLAIM THAT YOU HAVE INCURRED ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, THEN THE LOSSES AND DAMAGES WILL NOT BE IRREPARABLE OR SUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF OF ANY KIND. THIS MEANS THAT, IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR CLAIM, YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT SEEK AND THAT YOU WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO OBTAIN ANY COURT OR OTHER ACTION THAT MAY INTERFERE WITH OR PREVENT THE DEVELOPMENT OR EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEBSITE, CONTENT, USER CONTENT, UNSOLICITED IDEAS AND MATERIALS, PRODUCT, SERVICE, OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNED, LICENSED, OR CONTROLLED BY LINDEN LAB OR A LICENSOR OF LINDEN LAB. 
11.7 Improperly Filed Claims are Subject to Attorneys' Fees and Costs.
All claims you bring against Linden Lab must be resolved in accordance with Section 10, Dispute Resolution and Arbitration. All claims filed or brought contrary to the Dispute Resolution Section shall be considered improperly filed and a breach of these Terms of Service. Should either party file a claim contrary to the Dispute Resolution Section, the other party may recover attorneys' fees and costs up to one thousand U.S. Dollars ($1,000.00 USD), provided that such party seeking such fees has notified the other in writing of the improperly filed claim, and the other has failed to promptly withdraw the claim.
Return to top
12. RELATED POLICIES
The following related policies are incorporated by reference in and made part of this Agreement, and provide Additional Terms, conditions and guidelines regarding the Service. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any Additional Terms, this Agreement shall control except as expressly provided otherwise. 
1.	Linden Lab Privacy Policy
2.	Intellectual Property Infringement Notification Policy
3.	Community Standards
4.	Content Guidelines
Effective: July 31, 2017


User Agreement
Effective on May 8, 2018

Our User Agreement has been updated. Click here to see a summary of changes.

Our mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Our services are designed to promote economic opportunity for our members by enabling you and millions of other professionals to meet, exchange ideas, learn, and find opportunities or employees, work, and make decisions in a network of trusted relationships.

More information about how we use your content is in our User Agreement videoTable of Contents:
Introduction
Obligations
Rights and Limits
Disclaimer and Limit of Liability
Termination
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
General Terms
LinkedIn “Dos and Don’ts”
Complaints Regarding Content
How To Contact Us
1. Introduction
1.1 Contract
When you use our Services you agree to all of these terms. Your use of our Services is also subject to our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy, which covers how we collect, use, share, and store your personal information.

You agree that by clicking “Join Now”, “Join LinkedIn”, “Sign Up” or similar, registering, accessing or using our services (described below), you are agreeing to enter into a legally binding contract with LinkedIn (even if you are using our Services on behalf of a company). If you do not agree to this contract (“Contract” or “User Agreement”), do not click “Join Now” (or similar) and do not access or otherwise use any of our Services. If you wish to terminate this contract, at any time you can do so by closing your account and no longer accessing or using our Services.

Services
This Contract applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, Slideshare, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and other services that state that they are offered under this Contract (“Services”), including the offsite collection of data for those Services, such as our ads and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins. Registered users of our Services are “Members” and unregistered users are “Visitors”. This Contract applies to both Members and Visitors.

LinkedIn
You are entering into this Contract with LinkedIn (also referred to as “we” and “us”).

We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland.

If you reside in the “Designated Countries”, you are entering into this Contract with LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) and LinkedIn Ireland will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.

If you reside outside of the “Designated Countries”, you are entering into this Contract with LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn Corp.”) and LinkedIn Corp. will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.

This Contract applies to Members and Visitors.

As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy (which includes our Cookie Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy) and updates.

1.2 Members and Visitors
When you register and join the LinkedIn Service or become a registered user on SlideShare, you become a Member. If you have chosen not to register for our Services, you may access certain features as a “Visitor.”

1.3 Change
We may make changes to the Contract.

We may modify this Contract, our Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policies from time to time. If we make material changes to it, we will provide you notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. We agree that changes cannot be retroactive. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. Your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms.

2. Obligations
2.1 Service Eligibility
Here are some promises that you make to us in this Contract:

You’re eligible to enter into this Contract and you are at least our “Minimum Age.”

The Services are not for use by anyone under the age of 16.

To use the Services, you agree that: (1) you must be the “Minimum Age” (described below) or older; (2) you will only have one LinkedIn account (and/or one SlideShare account, if applicable), which must be in your real name; and (3) you are not already restricted by LinkedIn from using the Services. Creating an account with false information is a violation of our terms, including accounts registered on behalf of others or persons under the age of 16.

“Minimum Age” means 16 years old. However, if law requires that you must be older in order for LinkedIn to lawfully provide the Services to you without parental consent (including using of your personal data) then the Minimum Age is such older age.

2.2 Your Account
You will keep your password a secret.

You will not share an account with anyone else and will follow our rules and the law.

Members are account holders. You agree to: (1) try to choose a strong and secure password; (2) keep your password secure and confidential; (3) not transfer any part of your account (e.g., connections) and (4) follow the law and our list of Dos and Don’ts and Professional Community Policies. You are responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you close it or report misuse.

As between you and others (including your employer), your account belongs to you. However, if the Services were purchased by another party for you to use (e.g. Recruiter seat bought by your employer), the party paying for such Service has the right to control access to and get reports on your use of such paid Service; however, they do not have rights to your personal account.

2.3 Payment
You’ll honor your payment obligations and you are okay with us storing your payment information. You understand that there may be fees and taxes that are added to our prices.

We don't guarantee refunds.

If you buy any of our paid Services (“Premium Services”), you agree to pay us the applicable fees and taxes and to additional terms specific to the paid Services. Failure to pay these fees will result in the termination of your paid Services. Also, you agree that:

Your purchase may be subject to foreign exchange fees or differences in prices based on location (e.g. exchange rates).
We may store and continue billing your payment method (e.g. credit card) even after it has expired, to avoid interruptions in your Services and to use to pay other Services you may buy.
If you purchase a subscription, your payment method automatically will be charged at the start of each subscription period for the fees and taxes applicable to that period. To avoid future charges, cancel before the renewal date. Learn how to cancel or suspend your Premium Services.
All of your purchases of Services are subject to LinkedIn’s refund policy.
We may calculate taxes payable by you based on the billing information that you provide us at the time of purchase.
You can get a copy of your invoice through your LinkedIn account settings under “Purchase History”.

2.4 Notices and Messages
You’re okay with us providing notices and messages to you through our websites, apps, and contact information. If your contact information is out of date, you may miss out on important notices.

You agree that we will provide notices and messages to you in the following ways: (1) within the Service, or (2) sent to the contact information you provided us (e.g., email, mobile number, physical address). You agree to keep your contact information up to date.

Please review your settings to control and limit messages you receive from us.

2.5 Sharing
When you share information on our Services, others can see, copy and use that information.

Our Services allow messaging and sharing of information in many ways, such as your profile, slide decks, links to news articles, job postings, InMails and blogs. Information and content that you share or post may be seen by other Members, Visitors or others (including off of the Services). Where we have made settings available, we will honor the choices you make about who can see content or information (e.g., message content to your addressees, sharing content only to LinkedIn connections, restricting your profile visibility from search engines, or opting not to notify others of your LinkedIn profile update). For job searching activities, we default to not notifying your connections network or the public. So if you apply for a job through our Service or opt to signal that you are interested in a job, our default is to share it only with the job poster.

We are not obligated to publish any information or content on our Service and can remove it in our sole discretion, with or without notice.

3. Rights and Limits
3.1. Your License to LinkedIn
You own all of the content, feedback, and personal information you provide to us, but you also grant us a non-exclusive license to it.

We’ll honor the choices you make about who gets to see your information and content, including how it can be used for ads.

As between you and LinkedIn, you own the content and information that you submit or post to the Services, and you are only granting LinkedIn and our affiliates the following non-exclusive license:

A worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish, and process, information and content that you provide through our Services and the services of others, without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or others. These rights are limited in the following ways:

You can end this license for specific content by deleting such content from the Services, or generally by closing your account, except (a) to the extent you shared it with others as part of the Service and they copied, re-shared it or stored it and (b) for the reasonable time it takes to remove from backup and other systems.
We will not include your content in advertisements for the products and services of third parties to others without your separate consent (including sponsored content). However, we have the right, without payment to you or others, to serve ads near your content and information, and your social actions may be visible and included with ads, as noted in the Privacy Policy.
We will get your consent if we want to give others the right to publish your content beyond the Services. However, if you choose to share your post as "public", we will enable a feature that allows other Members to embed that public post onto third-party services, and we enable search engines to make that public content findable though their services. Learn More
While we may edit and make format changes to your content (such as translating it, modifying the size, layout or file type or removing metadata), we will not modify the meaning of your expression.
Because you own your content and information and we only have non-exclusive rights to it, you may choose to make it available to others, including under the terms of a Creative Commons license.
You and LinkedIn agree that if content includes personal data, it is subject to our Privacy Policy.

You and LinkedIn agree that we may access, store, process and use any information and personal data that you provide in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).

By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding our Services to LinkedIn, you agree that LinkedIn can use and share (but does not have to) such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.

You promise to only provide information and content that you have the right to share, and that your LinkedIn profile will be truthful.

You agree to only provide content or information that does not violate the law nor anyone’s rights (including intellectual property rights). You also agree that your profile information will be truthful. LinkedIn may be required by law to remove certain information or content in certain countries.

3.2 Service Availability
We may change, suspend or end any Service, or change and modify prices prospectively in our discretion. To the extent allowed under law, these changes may be effective upon notice provided to you.

We may change or discontinue any of our Services. We don’t promise to store or keep showing any information and content that you’ve posted.

LinkedIn is not a storage service. You agree that we have no obligation to store, maintain or provide you a copy of any content or information that you or others provide, except to the extent required by applicable law and as noted in our Privacy Policy.

3.3 Other Content, Sites and Apps
Your use of others’ content and information posted on our Services, is at your own risk.

Others may offer their own products and services through our Services, and we aren’t responsible for those third-party activities.

By using the Services, you may encounter content or information that might be inaccurate, incomplete, delayed, misleading, illegal, offensive or otherwise harmful. LinkedIn generally does not review content provided by our Members or others. You agree that we are not responsible for others’ (including other Members’) content or information. We cannot always prevent this misuse of our Services, and you agree that we are not responsible for any such misuse. You also acknowledge the risk that you or your organization may be mistakenly associated with content about others when we let connections and followers know you or your organization were mentioned in the news. Members have choices about this feature.

You are responsible for deciding if you want to access or use third-party apps or sites that link from our Services. If you allow a third-party app or site to authenticate you or connect with your LinkedIn account, that app or site can access information on LinkedIn related to you and your connections. Third-party apps and sites have their own legal terms and privacy policies, and you may be giving others permission to use your information in ways we would not. Except to the limited extent it may be required by applicable law, LinkedIn is not responsible for these other sites and apps – use these at your own risk. Please see our Privacy Policy.

3.4 Limits
We have the right to limit how you connect and interact on our Services.

LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other Members. LinkedIn reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your account if LinkedIn believes that you may be in breach of this Contract or law or are misusing the Services (e.g., violating any of the Dos and Don’ts or Professional Community Policies).

3.5 Intellectual Property Rights
We’re providing you notice about our intellectual property rights.

LinkedIn reserves all of its intellectual property rights in the Services. Using the Services does not give you any ownership in our Services or the content or information made available through our Services. Trademarks and logos used in connection with the Services are the trademarks of their respective owners. LinkedIn, SlideShare, and “in” logos and other LinkedIn trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used for our Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of LinkedIn.

3.6 Automated Processing
We use data and information about you to make relevant suggestions to you and others.

We will use the information and data that you provide and that we have about Members to make recommendations for connections, content and features that may be useful to you. For example, we use data and information about you to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date helps us to make these recommendations more accurate and relevant.

4. Disclaimer and Limit of Liability
4.1 No Warranty
This is our disclaimer of legal liability for the quality, safety, or reliability of our Services.

TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED UNDER LAW, LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES (AND THOSE THAT LINKEDIN WORKS WITH TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES) (A) DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS (E.G. WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY OF DATA, AND NONINFRINGEMENT); (B) DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERRORS, AND (C) PROVIDE THE SERVICE (INCLUDING CONTENT AND INFORMATION) ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.

SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN DISCLAIMERS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THESE DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

4.2 Exclusion of Liability
These are the limits of legal liability we may have to you.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER LAW (AND UNLESS LINKEDIN HAS ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT THAT OVERRIDES THIS CONTRACT), LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES (AND THOSE THAT LINKEDIN WORKS WITH TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES) SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR OTHERS FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, OPPORTUNITIES, REPUTATION, PROFITS OR REVENUES, RELATED TO THE SERVICES (E.G. OFFENSIVE OR DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS, DOWN TIME OR LOSS, USE OF, OR CHANGES TO, YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTENT).

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES (AND THOSE THAT LINKEDIN WORKS WITH TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES) EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE FOR ALL CLAIMS, AN AMOUNT THAT IS THE LESSER OF (A) FIVE TIMES THE MOST RECENT MONTHLY OR YEARLY FEE THAT YOU PAID FOR A PREMIUM SERVICE, IF ANY, OR (B) US $1000.

THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS PART OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND LINKEDIN AND SHALL APPLY TO ALL CLAIMS OF LIABILITY (E.G. WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, LAW) AND EVEN IF LINKEDIN OR ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN TOLD OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF THESE REMEDIES FAIL THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY, SO THESE LIMITS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

5. Termination
We can each end this Contract anytime we want.

Both you and LinkedIn may terminate this Contract at any time with notice to the other. On termination, you lose the right to access or use the Services. The following shall survive termination:

Our rights to use and disclose your feedback;
Members and/or Visitors’ rights to further re-share content and information you shared through the Service to the extent copied or re-shared prior to termination;
Sections 4, 6, 7, and 8.2 of this Contract;
Any amounts owed by either party prior to termination remain owed after termination.
You can visit our Help Center to close your account.

6. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
In the unlikely event we end up in a legal dispute, LinkedIn and you agree to resolve it in California courts using California law, or Dublin, Ireland courts using Irish law.

If you live in the Designated Countries: You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that the laws of Ireland, excluding conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this Contract and/or the Services. You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that claims and disputes can be litigated only in Dublin, Ireland, and we each agree to personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Dublin, Ireland.

For others outside of Designated Countries, including those who live outside of the United States: You and LinkedIn agree that the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this Contract and/or the Services. You and LinkedIn both agree that all claims and disputes can be litigated only in the federal or state courts in Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and LinkedIn each agree to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

7. General Terms
Here are some important details about the Contract.

If a court with authority over this Contract finds any part of it unenforceable, you and we agree that the court should modify the terms to make that part enforceable while still achieving its intent. If the court cannot do that, you and we agree to ask the court to remove that unenforceable part and still enforce the rest of this Contract.

To the extent allowed by law, the English language version of this Contract is binding and other translations are for convenience only. This Contract (including additional terms that may be provided by us when you engage with a feature of the Services) is the only agreement between us regarding the Services and supersedes all prior agreements for the Services.

If we don't act to enforce a breach of this Contract, that does not mean that LinkedIn has waived its right to enforce this Contract. You may not assign or transfer this Contract (or your membership or use of Services) to anyone without our consent. However, you agree that LinkedIn may assign this Contract to its affiliates or a party that buys it without your consent. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Contract.

You agree that the only way to provide us legal notice is at the addresses provided in Section 10.

8. LinkedIn “Dos and Don’ts”
8.1. Dos
LinkedIn is a community of professionals. This list of “Dos and Don’ts” along with our Professional Community Policies limit what you can and cannot do on our Services.

You agree that you will:

Comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements;
Provide accurate information to us and keep it updated;
Use your real name on your profile; and
Use the Services in a professional manner.
8.2. Don’ts
You agree that you will not:

Create a false identity on LinkedIn, misrepresent your identity, create a Member profile for anyone other than yourself (a real person), or use or attempt to use another’s account;
Develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots, or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons, or any other technology) to scrape the Services or otherwise copy profiles and other data from the Services;
Override any security feature or bypass or circumvent any access controls or use limits of the Service (such as caps on keyword searches or profile views);
Copy, use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from the Services, whether directly or through third parties (such as search engines), without the consent of LinkedIn;
Disclose information that you do not have the consent to disclose (such as confidential information of others (including your employer));
Violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights. For example, do not copy or distribute (except through the available sharing functionality) the posts or other content of others without their permission, which they may give by posting under a Creative Commons license;
Violate the intellectual property or other rights of LinkedIn, including, without limitation, (i) copying or distributing our learning videos or other materials or (ii) copying or distributing our technology, unless it is released under open source licenses; (iii) using the word “LinkedIn” or our logos in any business name, email, or URL except as provided in the Brand Guidelines;
Post anything that contains software viruses, worms, or any other harmful code;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Services or any related technology that is not open source;
Imply or state that you are affiliated with or endorsed by LinkedIn without our express consent (e.g., representing yourself as an accredited LinkedIn trainer);
Rent, lease, loan, trade, sell/re-sell or otherwise monetize the Services or related data or access to the same, without LinkedIn’s consent;
Deep-link to our Services for any purpose other than to promote your profile or a Group on our Services, without LinkedIn’s consent;
Use bots or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts, send or redirect messages;
Monitor the Services’ availability, performance or functionality for any competitive purpose;
Engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Services;
Overlay or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (such as by inserting elements into the Services or removing, covering, or obscuring an advertisement included on the Services);
Interfere with the operation of, or place an unreasonable load on, the Services (e.g., spam, denial of service attack, viruses, gaming algorithms); and/or
Violate the Professional Community Policies or any additional terms concerning a specific Service that are provided when you sign up for or start using such Service.
9. Complaints Regarding Content
Contact information for complaint about content provided by our Members.

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. We require that information posted by Members be accurate and not in violation of the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties. We provide a policy and process for complaints concerning content posted by our Members.

10. How To Contact Us
Our Contact information. Our Help Center also provides information about our Services.

If you want to send us notices or service of process, please contact us:

ONLINE OR BY MAIL
Terms of Service
Masquerade Technologies, Inc.
Effective Date: June 28, 2016
Masquerade Technologies, Inc. ("Masquerade," "we" or "us") offer services such as the Masquerade app (the "App") that enable people to use filters and masks ("Masks") for a range of activities, like photo and video editing, and sharing. These Terms of Service (these "Terms") govern your use of the App, our website (http://msqrd.me/ or the "Site") and other features, functionality, products, and services we offer or make available(collectively, the "Services").
By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. We may also provide notice of or ask you to accept supplemental terms relating to specific products or services, which are incorporated into these Terms by this reference. If such supplemental terms conflict with these Terms, the supplemental terms will govern solely with respect to your use of the associated product or service and to the extent of the conflict.
IF YOU ARE A MASQUERADE USER LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR CANADA, OUR TERMS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION, WHICH STATES THAT, EXCEPT IF YOU OPT OUT AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES, MASQUERADE AND YOU AGREE TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, CLASS ARBITRATIONS, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS. PLEASE READ THE "SPECIAL ARBITRATION PROVISION FOR UNITED STATES OR CANADA USERS" SECTION BELOW TO LEARN MORE.
1. About Our Services
Age. You must be at least 13 years old to use our Services (or such greater age required in your country for you to be authorized to use our Services without parental approval). In addition to being the minimum age required to use our Services under applicable law, if you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our Terms in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to our Terms on your behalf.
Registration. When you use our Services, you may have the option, or be required, to register for an account. When you create an account, you agree to provide accurate, up to date information as required for the account registration. You also agree that you will not use, or attempt to use, another user’s account without authorization from such user.
Modifications. Masquerade reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, discontinue, impose limits on, or disable access to the Services or any portions thereof or your use thereof. For example, we may need to do so in connection with an update to our Services, like to bring you the most up-to-date and innovative features, or to address a legal or safety concern.
Mobile and Other Devices. For as long as you use our Services, you consent to downloading and installing updates to our Services, including automatically. We currently provide our Services for free, but please be aware that when you use our Services you are responsible for your carrier’s rates and fees, such as text messaging and data charges, which apply. We do not guarantee that the Services (including the App) can be used on any particular device or with any particular service plan.
2. Privacy Policy and User Data
Masquerade's Privacy Policy describes our information practices, including the types of information we receive and collect and how we use and share this information. You agree to our data practices, including the collection, use, processing, and sharing of your information as described in our Privacy Policy, as well as the transfer and processing of your information to the United States and other countries globally where we have or use facilities, service providers, or partners, regardless of where you use our Services. You acknowledge that the laws, regulations, and standards of the country in which your information is stored or processed may be different from those of your own country.
3. Acceptable Use of our Services
You may only use our Services in accordance with our Terms (including any supplemental terms) and policies (our "Terms and Policies"). If we disable your account for a violation of our Terms and Policies, you agree that you will not create another account without our permission.
Legal and Acceptable Use. You may only access and use our Services for lawful, authorized, and acceptable purposes. You will not access or use (or assist others to access or use) our Services in ways that: (a) violate, misappropriate, or infringe the rights of Masquerade, our users, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights; (b) are illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, intimidating, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or instigate or encourage conduct that would be illegal, or otherwise inappropriate, including promoting violent crimes; (c) violate Masquerade's Terms and Policies, or Facebook's Community Standards; (d) involve publishing falsehoods, misrepresentations, or misleading statements; (e) impersonate someone; (f) involve sending illegal or impermissible communications such as spam, bulk messaging, auto-messaging, auto-dialing, other unsolicited advertising or messages, and the like; or (g) involve any non-personal use of our Services not otherwise authorized by us.
Content. "Content" means any information, images, photos, videos, Masks, communications, or other content. Masquerade does not endorse or make any representations or warranties about, and has no obligation to review, screen, or otherwise control, Content connected with the Services. Masquerade may remove any Content from the Services at our discretion, including if we believe it violates our Terms and Policies.  You are responsible for any Content that you "make available", which includes providing, sharing, otherwise making available to Masquerade or in connection with our Services via any mechanism ("Your Content"). Your Content does not include any content owned by Masquerade or third parties. Also, Your Content must not include Content that is illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, intimidating, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, bigoted, inflammatory, vulgar, sexually explicit, pornographic, violent, discriminatory, or harmful to minors in any way, that would instigate or encourage conduct that would be illegal, or otherwise inappropriate, including promoting violent crimes or that violate Facebook's Community Standards or Masquerade's Terms and Policies.
Harm to Masquerade or Others. You must not (or assist others to) access, use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sublicense, transfer, display, perform, or otherwise exploit our Services (or systems) in impermissible or unauthorized manners, or in ways that burden, impair, or harm us, our Services, systems, our users, or others, including that you must not directly or through automated means: (a) reverse engineer, decompile, or extract code from our Services; (b) send, store, or transmit viruses or other harmful computer code through or onto our Services (or systems); (c) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of our Services (or systems); (d) create accounts for our Services through unauthorized or automated means; (e) collect the information of or about our users in any impermissible or unauthorized manner; or (f) intimidate, harass, interfere with, negatively affect or inhibit another user’s use and enjoyment of the Services.
Account Security. You are responsible for the use of your account, and for keeping your device, account and any related passwords secure. Please notify us of any unauthorized use or breach of your account or our Services at https://www.facebook.com/whitehat.
4. Third-Party Services
Our Services may allow you to access, use or interact with websites, apps, content or other products and services provided by Facebook and other Facebook affiliates (collectively "Facebook companies"), or third parties ("Third-Party Services"). The Facebook companies and Third-Party Services' terms and privacy policies will govern your use of such services. For example, you may choose to share photos or other Content from our Services to your Facebook account and Facebook audiences you choose, and then Facebook's Statement of Rights and Responsibility and Data Policy will apply to your use of the Facebook service as well as the Content once it is shared to the Facebook service. Please note that when you access Facebook companies and Third-Party Services through our Services, Masquerade is not responsible for those Third-Party Services and Masquerade does not endorse or make any representations or warranties about those Facebook companies or Third-Party Services.
5. Licenses
Masquerade's rights. The Services contain Content owned or licensed by Masquerade from third parties ("Masquerade Content"). As between you and Masquerade, Masquerade owns and retains all copyrights, trademarks, domains, trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property rights in and to our Services, including the Masquerade Content. As defined above in Section 3, "Content" means any information, images, photos, videos, Masks, communications, or other content.
Your Rights. "Your Content" means any Content that you "make available", which includes providing, sharing, otherwise making available to Masquerade or in connection with our Services via any mechanism. You own Your Content, which includes the photos or videos that you share in connection with our App and Your Mask Content that you make available in accordance with our Mask Provider Terms, which are incorporated into these Terms by this reference. Your Content does not include Masquerade Content. When you make Your Content available to Masquerade or in connection with the Services, you represent and warrant that: (a) you own Your Content or otherwise have the right to grant the licenses to use Your Content as set forth in these Terms, (b) the use of Your Content as set forth in these Terms does not violate, misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, and (c) you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of use of Your Content as set forth in these Terms.
Masquerade's License to You. We grant you a personal, limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to access and use our Services, including to use Masks provided via the Services, subject to and in accordance with our Terms and Policies.
We also grant you a license (solely with respect to the Masks contained with Your Implementation), with the right to sublicense, to download, use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly display or publicly perform Your Implementation, including in connection with our Services or any Facebook companies or Third-Party Services.
Except as expressly set forth above, no licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise.
Your License to Masquerade. You hereby grant to Masquerade, Facebook, and our other affiliates a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licensable, transferable license to use, reproduce, modify, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly display or perform Your Content in connection with the Services, including our Services’ integrations with Facebook companies or Third-Party Services, or otherwise with your consent.
6. Reporting
Masquerade respects the intellectual property rights of others and we expect our users to do the same. We may terminate your account if you repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
To report claims of third-party copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property infringement, please email an intellectual property report to us at ip@msqrd.me or to our designated agent:
Masquerade, Inc.
Attn: Masquerade Designated Agent
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
650.543.4800 (phone)
650-560-6404 (fax)
ip@msqrd.me
7. DISCLAIMERS
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE ARE PROVIDING OUR SERVICES ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AND WE EXPRSSSLY DISCLAIM, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY US IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR USEFUL, THAT OUR SERVICES WILL BE OPERATIONAL, ERROR FREE, SECURE, OR SAFE, OR THAT OUR SERVICES WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS, OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE DO NOT CONTROL, AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, CONTROLLING HOW OR WHEN OUR USERS USE OUR SERVICES OR THE FEATURES, SERVICES, AND INTERFACES OUR SERVICES PROVIDE. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR AND ARE NOT OBLIGATED TO CONTROL THE ACTIONS OR INFORMATION (INCLUDING CONTENT) OF OUR USERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES.
SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW CERTAIN LIMITATION ON OR EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY IN FULL TO YOU.
YOU RELEASE US, OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR AND THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (TOGETHER, THE "MASQUERADE PARTIES") FROM ANY CLAIM, COMPLAINT, CAUSE OF ACTION, CONTROVERSY, OR DISPUTE (TOGETHER, "CLAIM") AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY SUCH CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY OF OUR USERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES. YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE UNDER CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR APPLICABLE STATUTE OR LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, WHICH SAYS THAT: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE MASQUERADE PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS AND POLICIES, US, OUR SERVICES, OR ANY CONTENT EVEN IF THE MASQUERADE PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY IN CONNECTION WITH MASQUERADE’S TERMS AND POLICIES, US, OUR SERVICES, OR ANY CONTENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID MASQUERADE IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS.
THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF CERTAIN DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE LAWS OF SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN OUR TERMS, IN SUCH CASES, THE LIABILITY OF THE MASQUERADE PARTIES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
9. Indemnification
You agree to defend at our option, indemnify and hold harmless the Masquerade Parties from and against all liabilities, claims, damages, losses and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs) relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with any of the following: (a) your access to or, use of, or inability to use the Services, including information provided in connection therewith; (b) your breach or alleged breach of our Terms and Policies; (c) any misrepresentation made by you; or (d) Your Content.
10. Updates to our Terms
We may amend these Terms. We will provide you notice of amendments to our Terms, as appropriate, and update the "Effective Date" at the top of our Terms. Your continued use of our Services following such amendment confirms your acceptance of our Terms, as amended. If you do not agree to our Terms, as amended, you must stop using our Services. Please review our Terms from time to time.
11. Termination and Survival
We may suspend, or terminate your access to or use of our Services anytime for any reason, such as if you violate the letter or spirit of our Terms and Polices, or create harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for us, our users, or others. The following provisions will survive any termination of your relationship with Masquerade: "Licenses," "Disclaimers," "Limitation of Liability," "Indemnification," "Termination and Survival," "Assignability," "Other Terms," "Dispute Resolution," and "Special Arbitration Provision for the United States or Canada Users."
12. Assignability
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under our Terms to anyone else without our prior written consent. All of our rights and obligations under our Terms are freely assignable by us to any of our affiliates or in connection with a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise, and we may transfer your information to any of our affiliates, successor entities, or new owner.
13. Other Terms
Our Services are not intended for distribution to or use in any country where such distribution or use would violate local law or would subject us to any regulations in another country. We reserve the right to limit our Services in any country.
You will comply with all applicable U.S. and non-U.S. export control and trade sanctions laws ("Export Laws"). You will not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export, provide, or otherwise transfer our Services: (a) to any individual, entity, or country prohibited by Export Laws; (b) to anyone on U.S. or non-U.S. government restricted parties lists; or (c) for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, or missile technology applications without the required government authorizations. You will not use or download our Services if you are located in a restricted country, if you are currently listed on any U.S. or non-U.S. restricted parties list, or for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, and you will not disguise your location through IP proxying or other methods.
Our Terms are written in English (U.S.). Any translated version is provided solely for your convenience. To the extent any translated version of our Terms conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
The terms "includes", "including", "e.g.", "for example", "for instance", “such as” and other similar terms are deemed to include the term "without limitation" immediately thereafter and are not intended to limit.
Any amendment to or waiver of our Terms requires our express consent. If we fail to enforce any of our Terms, it will not be considered a waiver.
Nothing in our Terms will prevent us from complying with the law.
Except as contemplated herein, our Terms do not give any third-party beneficiary rights.
If any provision of these Terms is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from our Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions, except as set forth in the "Special Arbitration Provision for United States or Canada Users" — "Severability" section below.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted by us to you. In certain jurisdictions, you may have legal rights as a consumer, and our Terms are not intended to limit such consumer legal rights that may not be waived by contract.
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Masquerade and our Services, but you understand that we may use your feedback or suggestions without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them).
14. Dispute Resolution
Forum and Venue. If you are a Masquerade user located in the United States or Canada, the "Special Arbitration Provision for the United States or Canada Users" section below applies to you. Read that section carefully and completely. If you are not subject to that provision, you agree that you will resolve any Claim you have with us relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our Terms and Policies, us, or our Services (each, a "Dispute" and together, "Disputes") exclusively in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in Santa Clara County in California, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such Disputes.
Governing Law. The law of the State of California govern our Terms and Policies, as well as any Disputes, whether in court or arbitration, which might arise between Masquerade and you, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
15. Special Arbitration Provision for the United States or Canada Users
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT CONTAINS ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO OUR UNITED STATES AND CANADA USERS. IF YOU ARE A MASQUERADE USER LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR CANADA, IT REQUIRES YOU TO SUBMIT TO BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION OF ALL DISPUTES, EXCEPT FOR THOSE THAT INVOLVE EXCLUDED DISPUTES AND EXCEPT THOSE THAT CAN BE BROUGHT IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT. THIS MEANS YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH DISPUTES RESOLVED IN COURT BY A JUDGE OR JURY. THIS SECTION ALSO LIMITS THE TIME YOU HAVE TO START AN ARBITRATION OR, IF PERMISSIBLE, A COURT ACTION. FINALLY, THIS SECTION WAIVES YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE YOUR DISPUTE HEARD AND RESOLVED AS A CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION, OR A REPRESENTATIVE ACTION.
"Excluded Dispute" means any Dispute relating to the enforcement or infringement of your or our intellectual property rights (such as copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade dress, trade secrets, and patents). For clarity and notwithstanding the foregoing, those Disputes relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with your rights of privacy and publicity are not Excluded Disputes.
Federal Arbitration Act. The United States Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this "Special Arbitration Provision for United States or Canada Users" section, including any question of whether a Dispute between Masquerade and you is subject to arbitration.
Agreement to Arbitrate for Masquerade Users Located in the United States or Canada. For Masquerade users located in the United States or Canada, Masquerade and you each agree to waive the right to a trial by judge or jury for all Disputes, except for the Excluded Disputes. Masquerade and you agree that all Disputes (except for the Excluded Disputes), including those relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with your rights of privacy and publicity, will be resolved through final and binding arbitration. Masquerade and you agree not to combine a Dispute that is subject to arbitration under our Terms with a Dispute that is not eligible for arbitration under our Terms.The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules in effect at the time the arbitration is started, including the Optional Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (together, the “AAA Rules”). The arbitration will be presided over by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the AAA Rules. The AAA Rules, information regarding initiating a Dispute, and a description of the arbitration process are available at www.adr.org. The arbitrator will decide whether a Dispute can be arbitrated. The location of the arbitration and the allocation of fees and costs for such arbitration shall be determined in accordance with the AAA Rules. Notwithstanding the AAA Rules, we will reimburse you for all the AAA administrative fees in Disputes that are subject to the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, unless the arbitrator determines that a Dispute was filed for purposes of harassment or is patently frivolous.
Opt-Out Procedure. You may opt out of this agreement to arbitrate. If you do so, neither we nor you can require the other party to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify us in writing postmarked within 30 days of the later of: (i) the date that you first accepted our Terms; and (ii) the date you became subject to this arbitration provision. You must use this address to opt-out:
Masquerade Technologies, Inc.
Attn: Legal
Arbitration Opt-Out
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
Small Claims Court. As an alternative to arbitration, if permitted by your local "small claims" court’s rules, you may bring your Dispute in your local "small claims" court, as long as the matter advances on an individual (non-class) basis. 
Time Limit to Start Arbitration
We and you agree that for any Dispute (except for Excluded Disputes) we and you must commence an arbitration proceeding within one year after the Dispute first arose; otherwise such Dispute is permanently barred. This means that if we or you do not commence an arbitration within one year after the Dispute first arose, then the arbitration will be dismissed because it was started too late.
No Class Actions, Class Arbitrations, or Representative Actions for Users Located in the United States or Canada. We and you each agree that if you are a Masquerade user located in the United States or Canada, each of we and you may bring Disputes against the other only on its or your own behalf, and not on behalf of any other person or entity, or any class of people. We and you each agree not to participate in a class action, a class-wide arbitration, Disputes brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated Disputes involving any other person or entity in connection with any Dispute.
Severability. If the prohibition against class actions and other Disputes brought on behalf of third parties is found to be unenforceable for a Dispute, then all of the provisions above under the caption "Special Arbitration Provision for United States or Canada Users" will be null and void as to that Dispute.
Place to File Permitted Court Actions. If you opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, if your Dispute is an Excluded Dispute, or if the arbitration agreement is found to be unenforceable, you agree to be subject to the "Forum and Venue" provision in the "Dispute Resolution" section set forth above.
16. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms, please contact us online at privacy@msqrd.me, or by mail at:
Masquerade Technologies, Inc.
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
Dating Services Terms of Use 
(Terms of Use revised on 24/08/2018)

Preamble

These Terms of Use are entered into between Match.com International Limited (hereinafter “Match”) and any individual who is a Member or Subscriber (hereinafter “you” or “your”).

Match and the companies of the Meetic Group offer services which aim to facilitate dating between individuals for personal, entertainment and non-commercial purposes through electronic communications networks (hereinafter the “Services”), including namely :

Match, available to Members and Subscribers of Match online or through mobile applications.
Ourtime and, if applicable, other dating services, reserved for a specific category of Match Members or Subscribers.
Affiny, a dating service offering to match Members or Subscribers by using psychological matching through completion of an exclusive test, the Affiny Test, available online. The completion of the Affiny Test and the resulting psychological matching are mandatory. Without completing these steps, the Members or Subscribers of Affiny will not be able to view the profiles of the other Members and Subscribers, which correspond to what they are looking for.
For each of the Services, certain features are available to Members free of charge while other features are paid for and accessible only by Subscribers.

Registration to one or more Services as well as use of the Services implies the acceptance of these Terms of Use by the Member or Subscriber in full. Therefore, by creating an Account, the Member or Subscriber acknowledges that he/she is fully informed of and bound by all the provisions of the Terms of Use.

The Terms of Use are the property of Match and of the companies of the Meetic Group. Accordingly, any dissemination, exploitation, representation, reproduction or other use, in whole or in part, on any medium, of the Terms of Use for purposes other than strictly personal and non-professional, is subject to Match’s prior authorization. Without this authorization, the infringing party may be subject to criminal and civil prosecution as provided for by law.

Article 1. Definitions

The words or terms used in these Terms of Use and commencing with a capital letter shall have the following meaning:

“Account” refers to the strictly personal interface, which is accessible to Members and Subscribers, permitting them to be identified on the Websites, benefit from the Services they have registered for or subscribed to, complete and modify their Profile and, if applicable, renew or modify their Subscription.

“Core Dating Websites” refers to the Websites accessible to all Members.

“Event” or “Activity” both refer to, depending on the Website delivering the Service, any free or paid event allowing Members and Subscribers and, if applicable, their Guests to meet in person, offered in accordance with Match’s Terms and Conditions for Events, the defined terms of which are also used herein, and article 10 of these Terms of Use.

“Meetic Group” refers to the companies controlled by Match.com Europe Limited.

“Member” refers to a user who has access to one of the Services after validly registering for free on the Websites.

“Paid Services” refers to all paid Services available to Subscribers, including the Upgrades.

“Profile” refers to a space provided to a Member or Subscriber, which comprises of the Member’s or Subscriber’s self-description, including his/her characteristics, photos and videos, and which is accessible by other Members and Subscribers.

“Services” refers to all services, whether paid or free of charge, available to Members or Subscribers, provided on the Websites by the Meetic Group.

“Specialised Websites” refers to the Websites reserved for certain categories of Members or Subscribers.

“Subscriber” refers to a user of one or more Services who has purchased a Subscription to one or more Services.

 “Subscription” refers to a fixed price giving access to Services, including paid Services, for a limited period specified in the relevant Subscription purchased by a Subscriber.

 “Terms of Use” refers to this contract.

“Third-party Websites” refers to any third-party Internet websites or mobile application.

“Upgrade” refers to any Paid Service purchased by a Subscriber as an additional feature to his/her Subscription.

 “Visitor” refers to a user who visits the Website without registering or without connecting to his/her Account.

“Websites” refers to all dating websites provided by a company in the Meetic Group, including the Core Dating Websites and the Specialised Websites as well as the mobile applications published by the companies of the Meetic Group and through which the Services are provided.

Article 2. Access, registration and Subscription

2.1. Procedure and terms of access and registration to the Services

Registration to the Services is free. The Visitor, Member or Subscriber shall exclusively bear the costs for the means to access the Services as well as for the use of such means.

Acceptance of these Terms of Use when registering constitutes the formal conclusion of the membership contract for the Services. This results in becoming a Member, discovering the Services and gives access to free functionalities of the Services described in article 4.1 below.

To register and thus become a Member, every Visitor who is interested in the Services must be at least 18 years old, meet the conditions for registration or access to the relevant Services, have the requisite legal capacity to enter into a contract, read these Terms of Use, the Cookie Policy and the Privacy Policy and complete the mandatory fields in the registration form.

It is specified that a Member cannot create more than one Account with the same email address.

The Member may then complete his/her Profile by giving information on his/her physical appearance, hobbies, profession and all other personal information he/she wishes to share with the other Members through the Services, with the exception of his/her personal contact details (electronic address, postal address, telephone number etc.) the sharing of which is expressly prohibited by Match (article 5.1 below).

Once the necessary conditions for registration are met, every Member creates a strictly confidential and personal username and password, which allows him/her to access his/her Account.

The Member or Subscriber is responsible for the use of his/her identification elements by third parties or the actions or statements made by an intermediary on his/her Account, whether they are fraudulent or not, and will indemnify Match for any claim arising in connection with these, other than in the event of fault exclusively attributable to Match or technical failure of the Services. Moreover, Match is not obliged and does not have the technical means to verify the identity of individuals registering to the Services. If the Member or Subscriber has reason to believe that another person is using his/her identification elements or his/her Account, he/she must inform Match immediately.

2.2. Procedure and conditions for Subscription

Subscription to the Services, with or without an Upgrade, is paid for. The Member may purchase a Subscription and, thus, become a Subscriber and benefit from the functionalities of the Paid Services described below in article 4.2.

In order to do this, the Member must first identify him/herself using his/her email address and his/her confidential password. After choosing his/her Subscription and way of payment, the Member must submit his/her payment. This last step formally concludes the membership contract to the Paid Services and the complete, unreserved acceptance of the Terms of Use. Once the payment has been submitted, the Subscriber is directed to a payment confirmation page. Match acknowledges receipt of the purchase of a Subscription by sending an email.

Article 3. Right to cancel

Pursuant to article 29 of the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013, the Member is informed that he/she has fourteen days from the purchase of a Subscription to exercise his/her right to cancel, without incurring any liability  and without giving a reason, by regular post sent to Match PO Box 64197, London, WC1A 9FG, UK by filling out the cancellation form available here or by sending a clear statement requesting this to the e-mail address: customercare@help.match.co.uk . Only requests relating to the exercise of this right to cancel will be processed from these contact addresses. In order for the cancellation to be effectively exercised, the Subscriber must send his/her request within the fourteen-day cancellation period.

The Subscriber may, if he/she wishes to, access the Paid Services immediately without waiting for the end of the cancellation period, according to article 36 (1) of the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013. There is a dedicated button in the payment confirmation page for this purpose.

If the Subscriber does not wish to access the Paid Services immediately, he/she may leave the Website after submitting his/her payment and wait for the expiry of the fourteen-day period. Nevertheless, if the Subscriber connects to his/her Account and uses the Services before the end of the cancellation period, this first log in from the purchase of a Subscription constitutes an express request by the Subscriber to have immediate access to the Paid Services.

In any event, immediate access to the Services does not deprive the Subscriber from his/her right to cancel, which remains valid until the expiry of the fourteen-day period. However, the Subscriber who has requested to benefit from the Paid Services before the end of the cancellation period must pay a pro-rated amount for his/her use of the Services. Match shall, therefore, reimburse the Subscriber for the cost of the Subscription by deducting the amount equivalent to the days which have passed between the date he/she first used the Subscription and the date Match received the request to cancel, provided that every day used shall be payable.

The reimbursement shall be made within 14 days from the date Match was informed of the Subscriber’s decision to cancel, by the same means of payment which was used by the Subscriber for the initial transaction, save for any instruction from the latter to the contrary.

The Subscriber will find additional information on the Help/Contact us page about the scope and application of the right to cancel.

Article 4. Service features

4.1 Free features available to Members

Registration to the Services allows individuals to become a Member and provides access to the following features:

Create a Profile, which will be visible to other Members and Subscribers of the Website, subject to any access restrictions set by the Member;
In accordance with the Services, perform quick and advanced searches or view recommended compatible Profiles;
View the Profiles of other Members or Subscribers, subject to the restrictions set by the latter;
In accordance with the Services, contact and respond to messages of Subscribers who have registered to the Premium Upgrade, subject to any restrictions specified by the latter; a Member cannot contact or respond to a Subscriber who has not purchased this Upgrade;
Add a Member or Subscriber to his/her favourites;
Register and participate in Events or Activities accessible through the Services, if applicable (they could be paid for Events or Activities);
Register and participate in special operations accessible through the Services, if applicable, provided that such special operations are not reserved for Subscribers;
Provided that this feature is available, subscribe to the Badge and/or Super Badge, as defined below;
Every Member can control, through his/her Account, the options which allow him/her to be visible or not on the Specialised Websites and thus able to be contacted, if applicable, through those. A Member may access the Specialised Websites provided that he/she satisfies the conditions applicable to Members of that Specialised Website.
4.2 Paid features available only to Subscribers

Purchase of a Subscription allows access to all the features specified in article 4.1 above as well as to the following features, if applicable:

Send and respond to messages of Members and Subscribers;
Use the search bar to look for Members and Subscribers;
Hide the Members and Subscribers whom the Subscriber is not interested in;
View the list of sent winks;
Wink at a Member or Subscriber;
Deactivate the displayed advertisements on the Paid Services;
Benefit from the price reductions of Events or Activities, if applicable;
In accordance with the Services, the Subscriber has the option to purchase one or more Upgrades:

PREMIUM Upgrade features
Offers Members (non-Subscribers) the opportunity to respond for free;
Boosts visibility to other Members;
Subscriber appears as a PREMIUM Upgrade Member.
ZEN Upgrade features
Subscriber may request proof of receipt of messages sent by him/her;
Enables the Contact Filter to choose who can contact the Subscriber;
Activates the absence manager.
PREMIUM + ZEN Upgrade features
All features of the Premium and Zen Upgrade as described above.
4.3 Subscription to the “Badge” or “Super Badge”

This section does not apply to the Websites where this feature is not available.

Every male Member or Subscriber has the option to subscribe to the “Badge” or “Super Badge”. The subscription process is the following:

The Member or Subscriber must complete 70% of his Profile with the following information: age, height, marital status, type of relationship sought, nationality, ethnicity, has or wants children, weight, smoking, studies;
The Member must have a photo on his Profile;
The Member must view the Match tutorials relative to the Badge and available on the Websites;
The Member must sign the Hero Charter available on the Websites.
The subscription process to the Super Badge is the following:

The Member must fulfil all the criteria for obtaining the Badge;
The Member must complete his Profile with his description;
The Member must receive at least one positive comment from a female Member in the last month.
Obtaining the Badge or the Super Badge is subject to meeting all the conditions listed above.

Match may remove the Badge or Super Badge from any Member or Subscriber whose behaviour or comments undermine the values of seriousness and courtesy connected with obtaining the Badge or Super Badge. Match shall not be liable towards a Member or Subscriber in this event. Match makes no representations or warranties regarding the holder of a Badge or Super Badge, except that he has met the conditions for obtaining these badges as set out above. Obtaining the Badge or Super Badge should not be interpreted as an approval or endorsement of the Badge holder’s behaviour by the Meetic Group.

Should Match be held liable for any claim arising out of or in connection with possession of the Badge or Super Badge by a Member or Subscriber, the latter shall defend and indemnify Match from and against all claims, actions, liabilities, costs, damages, losses, expenses  suffered or incurred by Match arising out of or in connection with the Member's or Subscriber’s actions or inactions or in any way related to the subscription to the Badge or Super Badge.

Article 5. Services

5.1 Match obligations in relation to the Services

The purpose of the Services, including the Paid Services, is not organising ‘real life’, in person dates between the Members and/or the Subscribers, nor marital counselling leading to marriage nor establishing a stable union, regardless of the Member’s or Subscriber’s personal motivations in this respect.

Match and the companies of the Meetic Group expressly exclude all liability in connection with events of any nature, which could take place  between Members or Subscribers during online interactions, whether through the Websites or through Third Party Websites, or during ‘real life’, in person dates between Members or Subscribers arising from use of the Services.

The purpose of the Services, including the Paid Services, is not the provision of access to the Internet nor the provision of electronic communication services to the public. As a result, Match and the companies of the Meetic Group do not verify the actual identity of Members or Subscribers when they connect to the Websites. Further, they do not control nor moderate exhaustively any of the content, which the Members and Subscribers may publish or upload on the Services under their sole liability. However, the photographs and the description featuring on the Profile of every Member or Subscriber will be verified.

Therefore, Members and Subscribers are reminded that they are prohibited from disclosing any information to other Members or Subscribers, which allows them to be identified or located (surname, postal address, email, telephone number…) with the exception of their username, through the Services.

5.2 Obligations of Members and Subscribers

The provisions of this article apply from the registration or Subscription and shall remain applicable for the entire duration of use of the Services, without prejudice to the provisions of article 9 below.

In order to use the Services, the Member or Subscriber agrees to comply with any laws in force, respect the rights of other Members and Subscribers, as well as observe the obligations defined below.

5.2.1. General obligations:

The Member or Subscriber has the following general obligations:

Conduct his/herself in an honest manner towards Match and other Members or Subscribers;
Respect the intellectual property rights of the content provided by Match and the companies in the Meetic Group as well as the other Members and Subscribers;
Ensure that he/she defines the limits of his/her private life and that he/she is responsible for communicating only information which would not prejudice him/her by its the dissemination through the Services.
5.2.2. Essential obligations:

The Member or Subscriber generally has the essential obligations (hereinafter, the “Essential Obligations”) to:

Use the Services while respecting their purpose, which is to allow individuals to meet for personal, entertainment and non-commercial purposes;
Not to use the Services for professional, commercial, profit (advertising, soliciting clients etc.) or generally non-personal purposes;
Not use the Services for solicitation or prostitution;
Not post, display or disseminate, in any form whatsoever, false information or content;
Refrain from posting any statement or content that violates the rights of others or is defamatory, abusive, obscene, offensive, violent or incites violence, political, racist or xenophobic and, in general, any statement or content contrary to the purpose of the Services, the laws and regulations in force, the rights of persons or public morals. In particular, photos and any information, data or files provided by a Member or Subscriber to Match must be decent and only relate to the Member or, if they relate to a third party, be used with his/her express authorisation and under the exclusive responsibility of the Member or Subscriber concerned;
Not harass other Members or Subscribers;
Not mention on the Websites any personal information provided by a Member or Subscriber to Match (e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, etc.) that would allow a Visitor, Member or Subscriber to contact another Member or Subscriber without using the Services;
Not post, display or disseminate, in any form whatsoever, information or content that has the effect of diminishing, disrupting, preventing the normal use of the Websites and Services, interrupting and/or slowing the normal flow of communications between Members and/or Subscribers through the Services, such as software, viruses, logic bombs, mass mailing, etc. Match and the companies of the Meetic Group reserve the right to delete mass messages sent by a Member or a Subscriber in order to preserve the quality of normal use of the Services.
Not post, display or disseminate, in any form whatsoever, information or content incorporating hyperlinks to Third-party Websites on the Websites of the Meetic Group that are illegal, immoral and/or not conform with the purpose of the Services;
Not post photo(s) or other visual content which features minors;
Use the confidential password and username of the Member or Subscriber strictly to log in to the Services. Therefore, the Member or Subscriber must not, this list not being exhaustive, communicate, disseminate, share, make accessible, in any way or for any reason whatsoever, its passwords and/or usernames to any third party, whoever that is.
A breach of the Essential Obligations thus defined constitutes a serious breach by the Member or Subscriber of its contractual obligations.

Without prejudice to the provisions of Article 9 below, in the event of breach by a Member or Subscriber of one or more of these Essential Obligations, Meetic may terminate the contract and permanently delete the relevant Member’s or Subscriber’s Account(s) on all the Websites and Services.

In the event of breach by a Member or Subscriber of one or more of the General and/or Essential Obligations, and namely in the event of inappropriate behaviour on the Websites and Services, Match and the companies of the Meetic Group may permanently or temporarily prohibit all access or subscription of the relevant Member or Subscriber to one or more Events or Activities.

Article 6. Fees, terms of payment and renewal

6.1. Fees and terms of payment of Paid Services

In order to use the Paid Services, the Subscriber must have a Subscription; the fees and the terms of payment are described on the Websites. Members may purchase a Subscription by paying either by bank card (on the internet or through a mobile service) or by using an online payment service (PayPal, Direct Debit etc.) according to the options given on the relevant Website. The fees are indicated in British pounds sterling GBP (inclusive of all taxes).

The Subscriber may also purchase one or more Upgrades after purchasing his/her Subscription according to the conditions set out above and benefit from the features offered by the purchased Upgrade immediately. The Subscriber is, therefore, charged for the period from the day the Upgrade is purchased until the end of the current Subscription.

6.2. Subscription renewal terms

On the expiry of each period of validity, the Subscription shall be renewed for periods equivalent to that originally chosen, unless terminated by the Subscriber in accordance with the terms and conditions in article 9 below. Once renewed, the Subscription, including any Upgrades (if any), will be charged to the Subscriber at the standard (non-discounted) rate  applicable to the relevant Services and for a period equivalent to that initially chosen.

In addition, information on the duration of the Subscriber’s Subscription is available to Subscribers in the “My Account” section, which allows a Subscriber to manage his/her Subscription and, if applicable, the termination of the automatic renewal.

6.3. Other services by third parties

The Subscriber may also purchase other ad hoc services, such as buying mobile phone applications or  special offers. In this particular case, these ad hoc services are purchased from other providers and in accordance with other terms and conditions of payment to those used for the Services provided by Match (for example, iTunes for the purchase of an iPhone application). The billing terms, the payment terms as well as the terms for renewal and termination applicable to those ad hoc services and those special offers will be communicated to the Subscriber by the third party and shall be accepted by the Subscriber before his/her purchase.

In any event, the purchase of smartphone applications published by Match does not in any case give access to Paid Services without the purchase of a Subscription.

Article 7. Intellectual Property

7.1. Content disseminated on the Services

All Services names, trademarks, logos, graphics, photographs, animations, videos and texts contained on the Websites and within the Services are the exclusive property of the Meetic Group and, if applicable, its partners and may not be reproduced, used or communicated without the express authorisation of the companies of the Meetic Group or their partners, subject to legal action.

The rights of use granted to the Member and Subscriber are limited to private and personal use as part of and for the duration of the registration to the Services. Any other use by the Member or Subscriber is prohibited.

The Member or Subscriber is prohibited from, among other actions, modifying, copying, reproducing, downloading, broadcasting, transmitting, commercially exploiting and/or distributing the Services, Website pages or computer codes of the elements composing the Services and Websites, in any way whatsoever, subject to legal action.

7.2. Content disseminated by the Members and Subscribers

The Member or Subscriber grants the Meetic Group a licence to use the intellectual property rights arising from the content provided by him/her in connection with his/her registration or Subscription and his/her use of the Services or the display of his/her Profile on the Services. This licence specifically includes the right of the Meetic Group to reproduce, represent, adapt, translate, digitise, use for the purposes of the Services or sub-license the content provided by the Member or Subscriber (information, images, description, search criteria, etc.) on all or parts of the Services and on all the Websites, in the emails by the Meetic Group, and, in general, on all electronic communication media (e-mail, Internet, mobile application) in connection with the Services.

The Member or Subscriber expressly authorizes the Meetic Group to modify this content in order to comply with the graphic charter of the Services or other communication media referred to above, and/or to make it compatible with its technical functionalities or the formats supported by the relevant media. These rights are granted on a worldwide basis and for the duration of the Terms of Use between the Member or Subscriber and the Meetic Group. The Member or Subscriber may not copy, reproduce, or otherwise make use of the content produced by other Members or Subscribers, other than strictly for the needs of use of the Services for personal and private purposes.

Article 8. Representations and Warranties

8.1. Operation of the Websites and Services

8.1.1 To use the Services, the Member or Subscriber must have the skills, equipment and software necessary for use of the Internet or the mobile applications of the Services. Match has security measures in place in connection with the use of the Services. However, the Member or Subscriber acknowledges that, due to the nature and limitations of the Internet, Match cannot warrant that any connection to the Internet or mobile applications will be completely secure.

8.1.2 The Member or Subscriber must have the equipment, including the software and appropriate settings, necessary for the good operation of the Services: the latest version of the Internet browser, activated JavaScript functions, permitted session cookies and accepted ‘pop-up’ windows.

8.1.3 The use of the Services on a MAC requires the exclusive use of the Mozilla Firefox browser - Match does not warrant optimal operation of the Websites and Services with the Safari or Opera browsers. Note that, for full use of the Services, you will need to have installed the latest version of the Adobe Flash software (downloadable from “www.adobe.com”). Depending on your network configuration (protected by a firewall or proxy) connection to the Websites might not be possible.

8.1.4 Match does not warrant that the Member or Subscriber will be able to use the Services if he/she uses a “pop-up killer” tool or an equivalent; in this case, this function must be disabled before using the Services.

8.1.5 Match does not warrant that the Member or Subscriber will be able to use the Services if his/her Internet service provider fails to provide an adequate level of service. Similarly, if applicable, the use of smartphone applications purchased by the Member or Subscriber directly from the provider of the application implies that the latter must have a smartphone and a satisfactory connection.

8.1.6 Match is not responsible for any lack of functionality, lack of access or poor conditions of use of the Websites and Services attributable to unsuitable equipment, to the internal functionality failures of the Member’s or Subscriber’s  service provider, the overloading of the Internet network and for all other reasons external to Match constituting a force majeure event.

8.1.7 The operation of the Services may be interrupted temporarily due to maintenance, updates or technical improvements, or to update the content and/or the way it is presented. If possible, Match will notify its Members and Subscribers before any maintenance operations or updates which may impact the Services.

8.2. Information and content provided by the Members or Subscribers

8.2.1. Information provided by a Member or Subscriber to any company of the Meetic Group must be accurate and true. The consequences that disclosing this information may have on the Member’s or Subscriber’s life or the lives of other Members or Subscribers are the exclusive responsibility of the Member or Subscriber concerned. The Member or Subscriber discloses and disseminates information, data, text, content and images that concern it through the Services on his/her own initiative. Accordingly, he/she waives the right to make any claim against the Meetic Group, in particular on the basis of the possible infringement of his/her image or personality rights, honour, reputation or secrecy of his/her private life, that may result from the distribution or dissemination of information that concern him/her under the terms and conditions established in the Privacy Policy to the extent that the Member or Subscriber has previously given his/her voluntary and express consent to such dissemination as a result of his/her registration to the Services, according to the Terms of Use.

8.2.2. Match cannot be held liable for the accuracy or inaccuracy of the information and content provided by other Members, Subscribers and/or the Member or Subscriber him/herself, nor the consequences from the use of this information and content. Similarly, Match cannot be held liable for any content disseminated by a Member or Subscriber that may potentially infringe the rights of one or more of the other Members, Subscribers or third parties and for which Match demonstrates that it was not informed by a Member, Subscriber or third party, or did not have actual and prior knowledge of before its dissemination or did not commit a breach in the performance of any of its contractual obligations under these Terms of Use.

8.2.3. The quality of the Services expected by both Match and its Members and Subscribers implies observing a certain level of ethical conduct in the expression and behaviour of the Members and Subscribers, respecting the rights of third parties, as well as the laws and regulations in force. To meet this demand for quality, individual responsibility and ethics, the Meetic Group allows any Member or Subscriber to report any content (photography, text, video), behaviours or comments made by another Member or Subscriber that appear to be in violation of the laws and regulations in force, regarding the  purpose of the Services, third-party rights or public morals.

As a result, Members and Subscribers acknowledge and accept that the data they provide, as well as their behaviour or comments made through the Services, may be reported by other Members or Subscribers and may be subject to acts of moderation and/or control by the Meetic Group on the basis of objective assessment criteria. In the event this report or control reveals that a Member or Subscriber violated the laws and regulations in force or his/her contractual obligations under these Terms of Use, Match may this Member or Subscriber by removing his/her account according to article 9 below. Depending on the behaviour or the comments made by Members or Subscribers, the moderation team may decide to block any new registration by the relevant person.

8.3. Links and external resources

Match is only liable for the hyperlinks it creates in the Websites and Services and does not exercise any control over the Third Party Websites and external resources (third-party websites or mobile applications, social networks, etc.) to which the hyperlinks accessible on the Websites and the Services redirect. Match cannot be held liable for the provision of links directing to Third Party Websites and cannot be held liable for their content, advertisements, products, features, services or any other elements available on or based on the use of such Third Party Websites. . It is reminded that the consultation and use of Third Party Websites is governed by their conditions of use, and that such consultation and use will be made under the Member’s or Subscriber’s full liability.

Any issues relating to a link must be reported to Match using the contact details included in “About Us”.

8.4 Liability and Indemnity

8.4.1. Match is only responsible for foreseeable loss and damage caused by Match, if Match fails to comply with these Terms of Use or to use reasonable care and skill. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the membership contract was made both Match and the Member or Subscriber knew it might happen.

8.4.2 Match may not be held liable for any damages incurred by a Member or Subscriber in the event those are caused solely by the latter or if Match is not in breach of these Terms of Use and its statutory obligations.

8.4.3 If defective digital content, which Match has supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to a Member or Subscriber, and this is caused by Match’s failure to use reasonable care and skill, Match will either repair the damage or pay him/her compensation. However, Match will not be liable for damage which the Member or Subscriber could have avoided by following Match’s advice to apply an update offered to him/her free of charge or for damage which was caused by him/her failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by Match.

8.4.4 Match is not liable for business losses. Match will only supply the Services for domestic and private use. If a Member or Subscriber uses the Services for any commercial or business purpose Match will have no liability towards him/her for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.

8.4.5 Match does not exclude or limit in any way its liability to Members or Subscribers where it would be unlawful to do so.

8.4.6. In the event Match or the Meetic Group is held liable on the basis of a breach by a Member or Subscriber of any of his/her legal or contractual obligations under the Terms of Use, the latter agrees to indemnify and hold Match and/or the Meetic Group harmless against any damages, expenses or orders issued against it resulting from the Member’s or Subscriber’s breach of his/her obligations.

Article 9. Profile suspension – Account closure –Subscription termination

9.1 Profile suspension

Each Member or Subscriber may at any moment request the suspension of his/her Profile, namely through the ‘My Account’ section dedicated to this purpose, in order to no longer be visible on the Websites nor receive notifications. This suspension is temporary and does not interrupt the Subscription and any current Upgrades. The Member or Subscriber may reactivate his/her Profile at any moment.

9.2 Account closure

Each Member or Subscriber may at any moment terminate his/her registration to the Services or his/her Subscription by requesting the closure of his/her Account from Match, without further charges other than those connected to the transmission of his/her request and without reason, namely through the ‘My Account’ section, by email, using the contact form or by any means which may be indicated in this section. This request shall be deemed made on the working day following the one the request for closure of the relevant Account is received by Match and the Subscriber may no longer use his/her Subscription and any current Upgrades. The Member or Subscriber will be informed by email about the closure of his/her Account.

9.3 Non-renewal/Subscription termination by the Subscriber

The Subscriber may terminate the automatic renewal of his/her Subscription 24 hours after its purchase and at least 48 hours before the Subscription is renewed, by going to the ‘My Account’ section. The termination will take effect on the expiry date of the Subscription. Termination of the Subscription will be confirmed to the Subscriber by email. The Subscriber will not have access to the Paid Services from the date his/her Subscription expires.

9.4 Termination by Match

Without prejudice to the other provisions of the Terms of Use, in the event of a serious breach by a Subscriber or Member, especially in the event of breach of the Essential Obligations, Match may permanently remove the Account(s) of the relevant Member or Subscriber from all the Websites and Services, without prior notice. This removal will not give a right of reimbursement to the Subscriber. The Member or Subscriber will be informed by email about the closure of his/her Account.

This closure will take effect without prejudice to any damages and interest which may be claimed by Match from the Member or Subscriber or his/her successors and legal representatives as restitution for the losses incurred by Match as a result of these breaches.

Article 10. Events and Activities

When Events or Activities are offered to Members and Subscribers on the Websites, specific terms and conditions are applicable. You may read these on the pages describing the Events or Activities.

Article 11. Personal Data

The personal data of Members and Subscribers are processed in accordance with the privacy policy applicable to Match, which is available here.

Article 12. Entire Agreement

These Terms of Use form a contract, which governs the relationship between the Member or Subscriber and Match. They cancel and supersede all previous provisions not expressly referred to or appended and provide all rights and obligations of Match, of the companies of the Meetic Group and the Member or Subscriber with respect to their subject matter.

If one or more provisions in the Terms of Use are held to be unenforceable under applicable laws or regulations or as a result of a final decision by a competent court or authority, the other provisions will remain in full force and effect, to the extent permitted by law, regulation or applicable court decisions.

Article 13. Modification of the Services or Terms of Use

13.1 Modification of the Services

Match may update and modify the content and/or features of the Services at any moment in order to improve their quality. The Member or Subscriber will be informed of the nature of these updates or modifications when they are implemented on the Websites.

13.2 Modification of the Terms of Use

Match may modify the Terms of Use at any moment. The Member or Subscriber will be informed of those modifications when they are implemented on the Websites.

Use of the Websites and new registrations are subject to the Terms of Use currently in force. Users of the Websites and Members who do not agree to the modification of the Terms of Use may stop using the Websites.

Subscribers who subscribe before the modification of the Terms of Use will have a choice between two options:

The Subscriber may accept the new Terms of Use by continuing to use the Websites;
The Subscriber may demand the use of the Terms of Use, which were in force when he/she purchased his/her Subscription, for the duration of the initial period of validity of his/her Subscription only and excluding any renewal periods. He/she must request this expressly within one (1) month from the date the modified Terms of Use enter into force using the contact details included in Article 14 below. After expiry of the initial period of validity of his/her Subscription, only the modified Terms of Use shall be applicable to such Subscription.
If the Subscriber fails to request this within one (1) month from their entry into force, the modified Terms of Use will be deemed accepted by the Subscriber.

Article 14. Requests and Claims

For every request or claim relevant to a subscription, the Member or Subscriber may contact Match by mail addressed to PO Box 64197, London, WC1A 9FG, UK and whose registered office is at C/O Skadden 40 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5DS or by completing the contact form.

The Member or Subscriber may also contact the Customer Care by email or telephone:

For Match : customercare@help.match.co.uk/ 4420 38 68 56 28
For Affiny : customercare@help.affiny.co.uk / 4420 38 68 31 36
For Ourtime : customercare@help.ourtime.co.uk / 4420 38 68 29 07
Article 15. Applicable law - Disputes

These Terms of Use are governed, interpreted and applied in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, subject to mandatory laws and regulations in force in the country of residence of the Member or Subscriber. The language of interpretation is English.

Members may make claims on the European Commission’s online dispute resolution platform at: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. The European Commission will transfer the Member’s claim to the competent national mediators.

In accordance with the rules applicable to mediation, prior to any request for mediation, the Member or Subscriber must first raise any dispute with Match in writing in order to attempt an amicable resolution.

In the event that an amicable solution cannot be reached regarding a dispute relating to the Terms of Use, the competent authorities will be the courts of the country of residence of the consumer located in one of the member States of the European Economic Area or Switzerland.

Article 16. About us

The Services provided by Match to Members and Subscribers pursuant to these Terms of Use are offered by Match.com International Limited, a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales with registered company number 04791534 (VAT number 815337437) whose postal address is PO Box 64197, London, WC1A 9FG, UK and whose registered office is at C/O Skadden 40 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5DS. The Websites are hosted on Match’s servers.

For any questions, you can contact Match by filling in the contact form.

Microsoft Services Agreement
IF YOU LIVE IN (OR YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 15. IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED.
These terms (“Terms”) cover the use of those Microsoft’s consumer products, websites, and services listed here (the “Services”). Many of these products previously had separate terms that were called different names, such as “Xbox Live Terms of Use” or “Skype Terms of Use,” and these Terms replace those separate terms. You accept these Terms by creating a Microsoft account or Skype account, through your use of the Services, or by continuing to use the Services after being notified of a change to these Terms.

Your Privacy

1. Your Privacy. Your privacy is important to us. Please read the Microsoft Privacy Statement (the "Privacy Statement") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices ("Data") and how we use your Data. The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, which is your communications with others; postings or feedback submitted by you to Microsoft via the Services; and the files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, and videos that you upload, store or share through the Services ("Your Content"). By using the Services or agreeing to these Terms, you consent to Microsoft’s collection, use and disclosure of Your Content and Data as described in the Privacy Statement.
Top of page


Your Content

2. Your Content. Many of our Services allow you to store or share Your Content or receive material from others. We don’t claim ownership of Your Content. Your Content remains Your Content and you are responsible for it.
 		a. When you share Your Content with other people, you understand that they may be able to, on a worldwide basis, use, save, record, reproduce, transmit, display (and on HealthVault delete) Your Content without compensating you. If you do not want others to have that ability, do not use the Services to share Your Content. You represent and warrant that for the duration of these Terms, you have (and will have) all the rights necessary for Your Content that is uploaded, stored, or shared on or through the Services and that the collection, use, and retention of Your Content will not violate any law or rights of others. Microsoft cannot be held responsible for Your Content or the material others upload, store or share using the Services.
 		b. To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others, to protect you and the Services, and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant to Microsoft a worldwide and royalty-free intellectual property license to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of, retain, transmit, reformat, display, and distribute via communication tools Your Content on the Services. If you publish Your Content in areas of the Service where it is available broadly online without restrictions, Your Content may appear in demonstrations or materials that promote the Service. Some of the Services are supported by advertising. Controls for how Microsoft personalizes advertising are available on the Security & privacy page of the Microsoft account management website. We do not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target advertising to you. Our advertising policies are covered in detail in the Privacy Statement.
Top of page


Code of Conduct

3. Code of Conduct.
 		a. By agreeing to these Terms, you’re agreeing that, when using the Services, you will follow these rules:
 		i. Don’t do anything illegal.
 		ii. Don’t engage in any activity that exploits, harms, or threatens to harm children.
 		iii. Don’t send spam. Spam is unwanted or unsolicited bulk email, postings, contact requests, SMS (text messages), or instant messages.
 		iv. Don’t publicly display or use the Services to share inappropriate Content or material (involving, for example, nudity, bestiality, pornography, graphic violence, or criminal activity).
 		v. Don’t engage in activity that is false or misleading (e.g., asking for money under false pretenses, impersonating someone else, manipulating the Services to increase play count, or affect rankings, ratings, or comments).
 		vi. Don’t circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the Services.
 		vii. Don’t engage in activity that is harmful to you, the Services, or others (e.g., transmitting viruses, stalking, posting terrorist content, communicating hate speech, or advocating violence against others).
 		viii. Don’t infringe upon the rights of others (e.g., unauthorized sharing of copyrighted music or other copyrighted material, resale or other distribution of Bing maps, or photographs).
 		ix. Don’t engage in activity that violates the privacy of others.
 		x. Don’t help others break these rules.
 		b. Enforcement. : If you violate these Terms, we may stop providing Services to you or we may close your Microsoft account or Skype account.  We may also block delivery of a communication (like email or instant message) to or from the Services in an effort to enforce these Terms or we may remove or refuse to publish Your Content for any reason. When investigating alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review Your Content in order to resolve the issue. However, we cannot monitor the entire Services and make no attempt to do so.
 		c. Application to Xbox Services. Click here for more information about how this Code of Conduct applies to Xbox Live, Games for Windows Live and Microsoft Studios games, applications, services and content provided by Microsoft.
Top of page


Using the Services & Support

4. Using the Services & Support.
 		a. Microsoft account or Skype account. You’ll need a Microsoft account to access many of the Services. Your Microsoft account lets you sign in to products, websites and services provided by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners. To access Skype on certain platforms, you have the option of using a Skype account or a Microsoft account.
 		i. Creating an Account. You can create a Microsoft account or a Skype account by signing up online. You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Microsoft account or Skype account. In some cases, a third party, like your Internet service provider, may have assigned a Microsoft account to you. If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, the third party may have additional rights over your account, like the ability to access or delete your Microsoft account. Please review any additional terms the third party provided you, as Microsoft has no responsibility regarding these additional terms. If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms. You cannot transfer your Microsoft account or Skype account to another user or entity. To protect your account, keep your account details and password confidential. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Microsoft account or Skype account.
 		ii. Account Use. You must use your Microsoft account to keep it active. This means you must sign in at least once in a five-year period to keep your Microsoft account, and associated Services, active, unless provided otherwise in an offer for a paid portion of the Services. If you don’t sign in during this time, we will assume your Microsoft account is inactive and will close it for you. Please see section 4(a)(iv)(2) for the consequences of a closed Microsoft account. You must sign into your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive (separately) at least once in a one-year period, otherwise we will close your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive for you. You must sign into the Xbox Services (defined in section 14(a)(i)) at least once in a five-year period to keep the gamertag associated with your Microsoft account. If we reasonably suspect that your Microsoft account or Skype account is being used by a third party fraudulently (for example, as a result of an account compromise), Microsoft may suspend your account until you can reclaim ownership. Based on the nature of the compromise, we may be required to disable access to some or all of Your Content. If you are having trouble accessing your Microsoft account, please visit this website: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656. To manage your Skype account, you must "Sign In" at www.skype.com.
 		iii. Kids and Accounts. By using the Services, you represent that you have either reached the age of "majority" where you live or have valid parent or legal guardian consent to be bound by these Terms. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of majority where you live, or do not understand this section, please ask your parent or legal guardian for help before you create a Microsoft account or Skype account. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor that creates a Microsoft account or Skype account, you accept these Terms on the minor’s behalf and are responsible for all use of the Microsoft account, Skype account, or Services, including purchases, whether the minor’s account is now open or created later.
 		iv. Closing Your Account.
 		1. You can cancel specific Services or close your Microsoft account or Skype account at any time and for any reason. To close your Microsoft account, please visit http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618278. When you ask us to close your Microsoft account, we will put it in a suspended state for 60 days just in case you change your mind. After that 60-day period, your Microsoft account will be closed. Please see section 4(a)(iv)(2) below for a detailed explanation as to what happens when your Microsoft account is closed. Logging back in during that 60-day period will reactivate your Microsoft account. To cancel your Skype account please submit a support request to http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618280.
 		2. If your Services are canceled or your Microsoft account or Skype account is closed (whether by you or us), a few things happen. First, your right to use the Services stops immediately and your license to use the software related to the Services ends. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Microsoft account or Skype account or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account or Skype account (unless we are required by law to keep it). You should have a regular backup plan as Microsoft won’t be able to retrieve Your Content or Data once your account is closed. Third, you may lose access to material or products you’ve acquired.
 		b. Work or School Accounts. You can sign into certain Microsoft services with a work or school email address. If you do, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files. You further agree that your use of the services may be subject to the agreements that Microsoft has with you or your organization and these terms do not apply. If you use a work or school email address to access Services covered under these Terms, you may be prompted to update the email address associated with your Microsoft account in order to continue accessing such Services.
 		c. Additional Equipment/Data Plans. To use many of the Services, you’ll need an internet connection and/or data/cellular plan. You might also need additional equipment, like a headset, camera or microphone. You are responsible for providing all connections, plans, and/or equipment needed to use the Services and for paying the fees charged by the provider(s) of your connections, plans, and equipment. Those fees are in addition to any fees you pay us for the Services and we will not reimburse you for such fees. Check with your provider(s) to determine if there are any such fees that may apply to you.
 		d. Service Notifications. When there’s something important to tell you about a Service you use, we’ll send you Service notifications to the email associated with your Microsoft account or, for Skype notifications, your Skype account. If you gave us your phone number in connection with your Microsoft account or Skype account, then we may send Service notifications to you via SMS (text message), including to verify your identity before registering your mobile phone number. Data or messaging rates may apply when receiving notifications via SMS.
 		e. Support. Customer support for the Services is available at http://support.microsoft.com.
Top of page


Using Third-Party Apps and Services

5. Using Third-Party Apps and Services. The Services may allow you to access or acquire products, services, websites, links, content, material, games or applications from third parties (companies or people who aren’t Microsoft) ("Third-Party Apps and Services"). Many of our Services also help you find Third-Party Apps and Services, and you understand that you are directing our Services to provide Third-Party Apps and Services to you. The Third-Party Apps and Services may also allow you to store Your Content or Data with the publisher, provider, or operator of the Third-Party Apps and Services. The Third-Party Apps and Services may present you with a privacy policy or require you to accept additional terms of use before you can install or use the Third-Party App or Service. See section 14(b) for additional terms for applications acquired through the Office Store, the Xbox Store or the Windows Store. You should review any additional terms and privacy policies before acquiring or using any Third-Party Apps and Services. Any additional terms do not modify any of these Terms. You are responsible for your dealings with third parties. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property to you as part of any Third-Party Apps and Services and is not responsible for information provided by third parties.
Top of page


Service Availability

6. Service Availability.
 		a. The Services, Third-Party Apps and Services, or material or products offered through the Services may be unavailable from time to time, may be offered for a limited time, or may vary depending on your region or device. If you change the location associated with your Microsoft account, you may need to re-acquire the material or applications that were available to you and paid for in your previous region.
 		b. We strive to keep the Services up and running; however, all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages, and Microsoft is not liable for any disruption or loss you may suffer as a result. In the event of an outage, you may not be able to retrieve Your Content or Data that you’ve stored. We recommend that you regularly backup Your Content that you store on the Services or store using Third-Party Apps and Services.
Top of page


Updates to the Services or Software, and Changes to These Terms

7. Updates to the Services or Software, and Changes to These Terms.
 		a. We may change these Terms at any time, and we’ll tell you when we do. Using the Services after the changes become effective means you agree to the new terms. If you don’t agree to the new terms, you must stop using the Services, close your Microsoft account and/or Skype account and, if you are a parent or guardian, help your minor child close his or her Microsoft account or Skype account.
 		b. Sometimes you’ll need software updates to keep using the Services. We may automatically check your version of the software and download software updates or configuration changes. You may also be required to update the software to continue using the Services. Such updates are subject to these Terms unless other terms accompany the updates, in which case, those other terms apply. Microsoft isn’t obligated to make any updates available and we don’t guarantee that we will support the version of the system for which you licensed the software.
 		c. Additionally, there may be times when we need to remove or change features or functionality of the Service or stop providing a Service or access to Third-Party Apps and Services altogether. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we have no obligation to provide a re-download or replacement of any material, Digital Goods (defined in section 14(k)), or applications previously purchased. We may release the Services or their features in a beta version, which may not work correctly or in the same way the final version may work.
 		d. So that you can use material protected with digital rights management (DRM), like some music, games, movies and more, DRM software may automatically contact an online rights server and download and install DRM updates.
Top of page


Software License

8. Software License. Unless accompanied by a separate Microsoft license agreement (for example, if you are using a Microsoft application that is included with and a part of Windows, then the Microsoft Software License Terms for the Windows Operating System govern such software), and except as provided in section 14(b)(i) below for applications available through the Office Store, the Windows Store or the Xbox Store, any software provided by us to you as part of the Services is subject to these Terms.
 		a. If you comply with these Terms, we grant you the right to install and use one copy of the software per device on a worldwide basis for use by only one person at a time as part of your use of the Services. The software or website that is part of the Services may include third-party code. Any third-party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from the software or website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft. Notices, if any, for the third-party code are included for your information only.
 		b. The software is licensed, not sold, and Microsoft reserves all rights to the software not expressly granted by Microsoft, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise. This license does not give you any right to, and you may not:
 		i. circumvent or bypass any technological protection measures in or relating to the software or Services;
 		ii. disassemble, decompile, decrypt, hack, emulate, exploit, or reverse engineer any software or other aspect of the Services that is included in or accessible through the Services, except and only to the extent that the applicable copyright law expressly permits doing so;
 		iii. separate components of the software or Services for use on different devices;
 		iv. publish, copy, rent, lease, sell, export, import, distribute, or lend the software or the Services, unless Microsoft expressly authorizes you to do so;
 		v. transfer the software, any software licenses, or any rights to access or use the Services;
 		vi. use the Services in any unauthorized way that could interfere with anyone else’s use of them or gain access to any service, data, account, or network;
 		vii. enable access to the Services or modify any Microsoft-authorized device (e.g., Xbox One, Xbox 360, Microsoft Surface, etc.) by unauthorized third-party applications.
Top of page


Payment Terms

9. Payment Terms. If you purchase a Service, then these payment terms apply to your purchase and you agree to them.
 		a. Charges. If there is a charge associated with a portion of the Services, you agree to pay that charge. The price stated for the Services excludes all applicable taxes and currency exchange settlements, unless stated otherwise. The price for Skype paid products includes a charge for the product and a charge for taxes. You are solely responsible for paying such taxes or other charges. Taxes are calculated based on your location at the time your Microsoft or Skype account was registered. We may suspend or cancel the Services if we do not receive an on time, full payment from you. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in a loss of access to and use of your account and its content. Connecting to the Internet via a corporate or other private network which masks your location may cause charges to be different from those displayed for your actual location.
 		b. Your Billing Account. To pay the charges for a Service, you will be asked to provide a payment method at the time you sign up for that Service. You can access and change your billing information and payment method on the Microsoft account management website and for your Skype billing account by signing into your account at www.skype.com. Additionally, you agree to permit Microsoft to use any updated account information regarding your selected payment method provided by your issuing bank or the applicable payment network. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and payment method details, so we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed in connection with your transactions. Changes made to your billing account will not affect charges we submit to your billing account before we could reasonably act on your changes to your billing account.
 		c. Billing. By providing Microsoft with a payment method, you (i) represent that you are authorized to use the payment method that you provided and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate; (ii) authorize Microsoft to charge you for the Services or available content using your payment method; and (iii) authorize Microsoft to charge you for any paid feature of the Services that you choose to sign up for or use while these Terms are in force. We may bill you (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) shortly after purchase; or (d) on a recurring basis for subscription Services. Also, we may charge you up to the amount you have approved, and we will notify you in advance of any change in the amount to be charged for recurring subscription Services. We may bill you at the same time for more than one of your prior billing periods for amounts that haven't previously been processed.
 		d. Recurring Payments. When you purchase the Services on a subscription basis (e.g., monthly, every 3 months or annually (as applicable)), you acknowledge and agree that you are authorizing recurring payment, and payments shall be made to Microsoft by the method you have chosen at the recurring intervals chosen by you, until the subscription for that Service is terminated by you or by Microsoft. By authorizing recurring payments, you are authorizing Microsoft to process such payments as either electronic debits or fund transfers, or as electronic drafts from your designated account (in the case of Automated Clearing House or similar payments), or as charges to your designated account (in the case of credit card or similar payments) (collectively, "Electronic Payments"). Subscription fees are generally billed or charged in advance of the applicable subscription period. If any payment is returned unpaid or if any credit card or similar transaction is rejected or denied, Microsoft or its service providers reserve the right to collect any applicable return item, rejection or insufficient funds fee and to process any such payment as an Electronic Payment.
 		e. Automatic Renewal. Provided that automatic renewals are allowed in your state, you may choose for Services to automatically renew at the end of a fixed service period.  We will remind you by email before any Services renew for a new term, and notify you of any price changes in accordance with section 9(k).  Once we have reminded you that you elected to automatically renew the Services, we may automatically renew your Services at the end of the current service period and charge you the then current price for the renewal term, unless you have chosen to cancel the Services as described below. We will also remind you that we will bill your chosen payment method for the Services renewal, whether it was on file on the renewal date or provided later. We will also provide you with instructions on how you may cancel the Services. You must cancel the Services before the renewal date to avoid being billed for the renewal.
 		f. Online Statement and Errors. Microsoft will provide you with an online billing statement on the Microsoft account management website, where you can view and print your statement. For Skype accounts you can access your online statement by signing into your account at www.skype.com. This is the only billing statement that we provide. If we make an error on your bill, you must tell us within 90 days after the error first appears on your bill. We will then promptly investigate the charge. If you do not tell us within that time, you release us from all liability and claims of loss resulting from the error and we won't be required to correct the error or provide a refund. If Microsoft has identified a billing error, we will correct that error within 90 days.
 		g. Refund Policy. Unless otherwise provided by law or by a particular Service offer, all purchases are final and non-refundable. If you believe that Microsoft has charged you in error, you must contact us within 90 days of such charge. No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. This refund policy does not affect any statutory rights that may apply. For more refund information, please visit our help topic.
 		h. Canceling the Services. You may cancel a Service at any time, with or without cause. To cancel a Service and request a refund, if you are entitled to one, visit the Microsoft account management website. You can request a refund from Skype using the Cancellation and Refund form. You should refer back to the offer describing the Services as (i) you may not receive a refund at the time of cancellation; (ii) you may be obligated to pay cancellation charges; (iii) you may be obligated to pay all charges made to your billing account for the Services before the date of cancellation; or (iv) you may lose access to and use of your account when you cancel the Services. If you cancel, your access to the Services ends at the end of your current Service period or, if we bill your account on a periodic basis, at the end of the period in which you canceled.
 		i. Trial-Period Offers. If you are taking part in any trial-period offer, you must cancel the trial Service(s) by the end of the trial period to avoid incurring new charges, unless we notify you otherwise. If you do not cancel the trial Service(s) by the end of the trial period, we may charge you for the Service(s).
 		j. Promotional Offers. From time to time, Microsoft may offer Services for a trial period during which Microsoft will not charge you for the Services. Microsoft reserves the right to charge you for such Services (at the normal rate) in the event that Microsoft determines (in its reasonable discretion) that you are breaching the terms and conditions of the offer.
 		k. Price Changes. We may change the price of the Services at any time and if you have a recurring purchase, we will notify you by email at least 15 days before the price change. If you do not agree to the price change, you must cancel and stop using the Services before the price change takes effect. If there is a fixed term and price for your Service offer, that price will remain in force for the fixed term.
 		l. Payments to You. If we owe you a payment, then you agree to timely and accurately provide us with any information we need to get that payment to you. You are responsible for any taxes and charges you may incur as a result of this payment to you. You must also comply with any other conditions we place on your right to any payment. If you receive a payment in error, we may reverse or require return of the payment. You agree to cooperate with us in our efforts to do this. We may also reduce the payment to you without notice to adjust for any previous overpayment.
 		m. Gift Cards. Redemption and use of gift cards (other than Skype gift cards) are governed by the Microsoft Gift Card Terms and Conditions. Information on Skype gift cards is available on Skype’s Help page.
Top of page


Contracting Entity, Choice of Law, Jurisdiction

10. Contracting Entity. For use of free, consumer Skype-branded Services, you're contracting with, and all references to "Microsoft" in these Terms mean, Skype Software S.à.r.l, 23 – 29 Rives de Clausen, L-2165 Luxembourg, and for paid, consumer Skype-branded Services, you’re contracting with, and all references to "Microsoft" in these Terms mean, Skype Communications S.à.r.l, 23 – 29 Rives de Clausen, L-2165 Luxembourg. For all other Services, you're contracting with Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A.
11. Choice of Law and Place to Resolve Disputes. If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States,the laws of the state where you live govern all claims, regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the Federal Arbitration Act governs all provisions relating to arbitration. You and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in King County, Washington, for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services that are heard in court (excluding arbitration and small claims court). 
Top of page


Warranties

12. Warranties. MICROSOFT, AND OUR AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS, AND VENDORS, MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES ON AN "AS IS" BASIS "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK OF USING THE SERVICES. MICROSOFT DOESN'T GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THE SERVICES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW, WE EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU MAY HAVE CERTAIN RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS IS INTENDED TO AFFECT THOSE RIGHTS, IF THEY ARE APPLICABLE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ARE NOT FAULT-FREE AND OCCASIONAL PERIODS OF DOWNTIME OCCUR. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT CONTENT LOSS WON'T OCCUR, NOR DO WE GUARANTEE ANY CONNECTION TO OR TRANSMISSION FROM THE COMPUTER NETWORKS.
Top of page


Limitation of Liability

13. Limitation of Liability. If you have any basis for recovering damages (including breach of these Terms), you agree that your exclusive remedy is to recover, from Microsoft or any affiliates, resellers, distributors, Third-Party Apps and Services providers, and vendors, direct damages up to an amount equal to your Services fee for the month during which the breach occurred (or up to $10.00 if the Services are free). You can't recover any other damages or losses, including direct, consequential, lost profits, special, indirect, incidental, or punitive. These limitations and exclusions apply even if this remedy doesn't fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose or if we knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. To the maximum extent permitted by law, these limitations and exclusions apply to anything or any claims related to these Terms, the Services, or the software related to the Services.
Top of page


Service-Specific Terms

14. Service-Specific Terms. The terms before and after section 14 apply generally to all Services. This section contains service-specific terms that are in addition to the general terms.
Top of page


Xbox Live and Microsoft Studios Games and Applications

 		a. Xbox Live and Microsoft Studios Games and Applications.
 		i. Personal Noncommercial Use. Xbox Live, Games for Windows Live and Microsoft Studios games, applications, services and content provided by Microsoft (collectively, the "Xbox Services") are only for your personal and noncommercial use.
 		ii. Sharing Limited Account Information. As part of delivering the Xbox Services, we make information pertaining to your gamertag, gameplay, Your Content that you make public, and activity on and usage of any Xbox Service available for the operation and delivery of (a) other Xbox Services and (b) third-party games that use Xbox Services. If you choose to link your Microsoft Xbox Services account with your account on a non-Microsoft service (for example, a non-Microsoft game publisher of Third-Party Apps and Services), you agree that: (a) Microsoft may share limited account information (including without limitation gamertag, gamerscore, game score, game history, and friends list), with that non-Microsoft party as stated in the Microsoft Privacy Statement, and (b) if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, the non-Microsoft party may also have access to Your Content from in-game communications when you are signed into your account with that non-Microsoft party. Also, if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft can publish your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto, avatar, and games that you’ve played in communications to people on your Xbox friends list.
 		iii. Your Content. As part of building the Xbox Services community, you grant to Microsoft, its affiliates and sublicensees a free and worldwide right to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, and display Your Content or your name, gamertag, motto, or avatar that you posted for any Xbox Services.
 		iv. Game Managers. Some games may use game managers and hosts. Game managers and hosts are not authorized Microsoft spokespersons. Their views do not necessarily reflect those of Microsoft.
 		v. Kids on Xbox. If you are a minor using Xbox Live, your parent or guardian may have control over many aspects of your account and may receive reports about your use of Xbox Live.
 		vi. Game Currency or Virtual Goods. The Services may include a virtual, game currency (like gold, coins or points) that may be purchased from Microsoft using actual monetary instruments if you have reached the age of "majority" where you live. The Services may also include virtual, digital items or goods that may be purchased from Microsoft using actual monetary instruments or using game currency. Game currency and virtual goods may never be redeemed for actual monetary instruments, goods or other items of monetary value from Microsoft or any other party. Other than a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the game currency and virtual goods in the Services only, you have no right or title in or to any such game currency or virtual goods appearing or originating in the Services, or any other attributes associated with use of the Services or stored within the Services. Microsoft may at any time regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate the game currency and/or virtual goods as it sees fit in its sole discretion.
 		vii. Software Updates. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your version of Xbox console software or the Xbox App software and download Xbox console or Xbox App software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, using unauthorized Xbox games or Xbox apps, or using unauthorized hardware peripheral devices with an Xbox console.
 		viii. Gamertag Expiration. You must sign into Xbox Services at least once in a five-year period, otherwise you may lose access to the gamertag associated with your account and that gamertag may become available for use by others.
Top of page


Store

 		b. Store. "Store" refers to a Service that allows you to browse, download, purchase, and rate and review applications (the term "application" includes games) and other digital content. These Terms cover use of Office Store, Xbox Store and Windows Store. "Office Store" means a Store for Office products and apps for Office, SharePoint, Exchange, Access and Project (2013 versions or later). "Windows Store" means a Store for Windows devices such as phone, PC and tablet, or any other experience that is branded Windows Store. "Xbox Store" means a Store for Xbox ONE and Xbox 360 consoles, or any other experience that is branded Xbox Store.
 		i. License Terms. We will identify the publisher of each application available in the relevant Store. The Standard Application License Terms ("SALT") at the end of these Terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher setting forth the license terms that apply to your use of an application you download through the Windows Store or the Xbox Store, unless different license terms are provided with the application. Section 5 of these Terms applies to any Third-Party Apps and Services acquired through a Store. Applications downloaded through the Office Store are not governed by the SALT and have separate license terms that apply.
 		ii. Updates. Microsoft will automatically check for and download updates to your applications, even if you’re not signed into the relevant Store. You can change your Store or system settings if you prefer not to receive automatic updates to Store applications. However, certain Office Store applications that are entirely or partly hosted online may be updated at any time by the application developer and may not require your permission to update.
 		iii. Ratings and Reviews. If you rate or review an application in the Store, you may receive email from Microsoft containing content from the publisher of the application. Any such email comes from Microsoft; we do not share your email address with publishers of applications you acquire through the Store.
 		iv. Safety Warning. To avoid possible injury, discomfort or eye strain, you should take periodic breaks from use of games or other applications, especially if you feel any pain or fatigue resulting from usage. If you experience discomfort, take a break. Discomfort might include feelings of nausea, motion sickness, dizziness, disorientation, headache, fatigue, eye strain, or dry eyes. Using applications can distract you and obstruct your surroundings. Avoid trip hazards, stairs, low ceilings, fragile or valuable items that could be damaged. A very small percentage of people may experience seizures when exposed to certain visual images like flashing lights or patterns that may appear in applications. Even people with no history of seizures may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause these seizures. Symptoms may include lightheadedness, altered vision, twitching, jerking or shaking of limbs, disorientation, confusion, loss of consciousness, or convulsions. Immediately stop using and consult a doctor if you experience any of these symptoms, or consult a doctor before using the applications if you’ve ever suffered symptoms linked to seizures. Parents should monitor their children’s use of applications for signs of symptoms.
Top of page


Microsoft Family Features

 		c. Microsoft Family Features. Parents and kids can use Microsoft family features to build trust based on a shared understanding of what behaviors, websites, apps, games, physical locations, and spending is right in their family. Parents can create a family by going to https://account.microsoft.com/family (or by following the instructions on their Windows device or Xbox console) and inviting kids or other parents to join. There are many features available to family members, so please carefully review the information provided when you agree to create or join a family. By creating or joining a family, you represent that you will use the family in accordance with its purpose and won’t use it in an unauthorized way to unlawfully gain access to another person’s information.
Top of page


Group Messaging

 		d. Group Messaging. Various Microsoft services allow you to send messages to others via voice or SMS ("messages"), and/or allow Microsoft and Microsoft-controlled affiliates to send such messages to you and one or more other users on your behalf. WHEN YOU INSTRUCT MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES TO SEND SUCH MESSAGES TO YOU OR TO OTHERS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO US THAT YOU AND EACH PERSON YOU HAVE INSTRUCTED US TO MESSAGE CONSENT TO RECEIVE SUCH MESSAGES AND ANY OTHER RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE TEXT MESSAGES FROM MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES. "Administrative text messages" are periodic transactional messages from a particular Microsoft service, including but not limited to a "welcome message" or instructions on how to stop receiving messages. You or group members no longer wishing to receive such messages can opt-out of receiving further messages from Microsoft or Microsoft-controlled affiliates at any time by following the instructions provided. If you no longer wish to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree that you will opt out through the instructions provided by the applicable program or service. If you have reason to believe that a group member no longer wishes to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree to remove them from the group. You also represent and warrant to us that you and each person you have instructed us to message understands that each group member is responsible for the costs of any message charges assessed by his or her mobile carrier, including any international message charges that may apply when messages are transmitted from US-based numbers.
Top of page


Skype and GroupMe

 		e. Skype and GroupMe.
 		i. No Access to Emergency Services. There are important differences between traditional telephone services and Skype. Skype is not required to offer access to Emergency Services under any applicable local and/or national rules, regulations, or law. Skype’s software and products are not intended to support or carry emergency calls to any type of hospitals, law enforcement agencies, medical care units or any other kind of services that connect a user to emergency services personnel or public safety answering points ("Emergency Services"). You acknowledge and agree that: (i) it is your responsibility to purchase traditional wireless (mobile) or fixed-line telephone services that offer access to Emergency Services, and (ii) Skype is not a replacement for your primary telephone service.
 		ii. APIs or Broadcasting. If you want to use Skype in connection with any broadcast, you must comply with the "Broadcast TOS" at http://www.skype.com/legal/broadcast. If you want to use any application program interface ("API") exposed or made available by Skype you must comply with the applicable licensing terms, which are available at www.skype.com/go/legal.
 		iii. Fair Use Policies. Fair usage policies may apply to your use of Skype. Please review these policies which are designed to protect against fraud and abuse and may place limits on the type, duration or volume of calls or messages that you are able to make. These policies are incorporated in these Terms by reference. You can find these policies at: http://www.skype.com/en/legal/fair-usage/
 		iv. Mapping. Skype contains features that allow you to submit information to, or plot yourself on a map using, a mapping service. By using those features, you agree to these Terms and the Google Maps terms available at http://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/help/terms_maps.html.
 		v. Government Users. If you wish to use a business account and/or Skype Manager on behalf of the U.S. Government or an agency of the U.S. Government, these Terms do not apply to that use. For applicable terms and/or further information, please contact usgovusers@skype.net.
 		vi. Personal/Noncommercial Use. The use of Skype is for your personal and noncommercial use. You are permitted to use your personal Skype account at work for your own business communications.
 		vii. Skype Number/Skype To Go. If Skype provides you with a Skype Number or Skype To Go number, you agree that you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever.
 		viii. Skype Manager. A "Skype Manager Admin Account" is a Skype account that is created and managed by you, acting as an individual administrator of a Skype Manager group and not as a business entity. Personal Skype accounts can be linked to a Skype Manager group ("Linked Account"). You may appoint additional administrators to your Skype Manager group subject to their acceptance of these Terms. If you allocate Skype Numbers to a Linked Account, you are responsible for compliance with any requirements related to the residency or location of your Linked Account users. If you choose to unlink a Linked Account from a Skype Manager group, any allocated subscriptions, Skype Credit or Skype Numbers will not be retrievable and Your Content or material associated with the unlinked Skype account will no longer be accessible by you. You agree to process any personal information of your Linked Account users in accordance with all applicable data protection laws.
 		ix. Skype Charges. Skype paid products are sold to you by Skype Communications S.à.r.l, however the seller-of-record accountable for taxes is Skype Communications US Corporation. Taxes means the amount of taxes, regulatory fees, surcharges or other fees that we are required to collect from you and must pay to any United States (federal, state or local) or foreign government, agency, commission or quasi-governmental body as a result of our provision of Skype paid products to you. These taxes are listed at www.skype.com/go/ustax. All prices for Skype paid products are inclusive of a charge for your product and a charge for taxes, unless otherwise stated. The charges payable for calling phones outside of a subscription consist of a connection fee (charged once per call) and a per-minute rate as set out at www.skype.com/go/allrates. Call charges will be deducted from your Skype Credit balance. Skype may change its calling rates at any time without notice to you by posting such change at www.skype.com/go/allrates. The new rate will apply to your next call after publication of the new rates. Please check the latest rates before you make your call. Fractional call minutes and fractional cent charges will be rounded up to the next whole unit.
 		x. Skype Credit. Skype does not guarantee that you will be able to use your Skype Credit balance to purchase all Skype paid products. If you do not use your Skype Credit for a period of 180 days, Skype will place your Skype Credit on inactive status. You can reactivate the Skype Credit by following the reactivation link at http://www.skype.com/go/store.reactivate.credit. You can enable the Auto Recharge feature when you buy Skype Credit by ticking the appropriate box. If enabled, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by your chosen payment method every time your Skype account balance goes below the threshold set by Skype from time to time. If you purchased a subscription with a payment method other than credit card, PayPal or Moneybookers (Skrill), and you have enabled Auto-Recharge, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the amount necessary to purchase your next recurring subscription. You can disable Auto-Recharge at any time by accessing and changing your settings in your Skype account.
 		xi. International Message Fees. GroupMe currently uses US-based numbers for each group created. Every text message sent to or received from a GroupMe number will count as an international text message sent to or received from the United States. Please check with your provider for the associated international rates.
Top of page


Bing and MSN

 		f. Bing and MSN.
 		i. Bing and MSN Materials. The articles, text, photos, maps, videos, video players, and third-party material available on Bing and MSN are for your noncommercial, personal use only. Other uses, including downloading, copying, or redistributing these materials, are permitted only to the extent specifically authorized by Microsoft or rights holders, or allowed by applicable copyright law. Microsoft or other rights holders reserve all rights to the material not expressly granted by Microsoft under the license terms, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.
 		ii. Bing Maps. You may not use Bird’s eye imagery of the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Australia or Japan for governmental use without our separate written approval.
 		iii. Rewards. Rewards (the "Program") enables you to earn redeemable points for your qualified searches, acquisitions, and other offers from Microsoft. A search is the act of an individual user manually entering text for the good faith purpose of obtaining Bing search results for such user’s own research purposes and does not include any query entered by a bot, macro, or other automated or fraudulent means of any kind ("Search"). An acquisition is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and acquiring a license for digital content from Microsoft, whether free or paid ("Acquisition"). Microsoft in its sole discretion determines what constitutes a Search or Acquisition that qualifies for points. Your earned points can be redeemed for items ("Rewards") in the redemption center. For more information see the Frequently Asked Questions ("FAQ").
 		1. Program Requirements. You need a valid Microsoft account and your devices must meet the minimum system requirements. The Program is open to users who reside in the markets listed in the FAQ. Individuals can have no more than one Program account, even if an individual has multiple email addresses, and households are limited to six accounts. The Program is solely for your personal and noncommercial use.
 		2. Points. Except for donating your points to a nonprofit organization listed in the redemption center, you cannot transfer points. Points are not your personal property, and you may not obtain any cash or money in exchange for them. Points are awarded to you on a promotional basis. You cannot purchase points. Microsoft may limit the quantity of points or Rewards per person, per household, or over a set period (e.g., a day). You may redeem no more than 550,000 points per calendar year in the Program. Points earned in the Program are not valid in, and may not be used in combination with, any other program offered by Microsoft or third parties. Unredeemed points expire if you do not earn or redeem any points for 90 days.
 		3. Rewards. You may redeem your points by visiting the redemption center or you may contribute points to a listed nonprofit organization. There may be a limited number of a particular Reward available, and those Rewards will be delivered on a first-come, first-served basis. You may be required to provide additional information, like your mailing address and a telephone number (other than a VOIP or toll-free number), and you may also be asked to enter a fraud-prevention code or sign additional legal documents to redeem points for Rewards. Once you order a Reward, you cannot cancel it or return it for a refund of points. If you order a Reward that is out of stock or unavailable for other reasons Microsoft determines in its sole discretion, we may substitute a Reward of comparable value or refund your points. Microsoft may update the Rewards offered in the redemption center or discontinue to offer specific Rewards. Some Rewards may have age eligibility requirements. You are responsible for all federal, state, and local taxes and any other costs of accepting and using the Reward. Rewards will be emailed to the email address you provide when ordering your Reward, so keep your email address up to date. Rewards that are undeliverable will not be reissued and are therefore forfeited. Rewards are not for resale.
 		4. Cancelling Your Participation in the Program. Your Program account will be cancelled if you do not log in at least once in a 180-day period. Additionally, Microsoft reserves the right to cancel the Program account of a specific user without cause and without providing a reason. Upon Program cancellation (by you or us) or if the Program is suspended, you will have 90 days to redeem your points; otherwise, those points will be forfeited. At the point of cancellation, your right to use the Program and accrue future points ends.
 		5. Other Conditions. Microsoft reserves the right to disqualify you; disable your access to the Program or your Rewards account; and/or withhold points, Rewards and charitable contributions, if Microsoft believes you are tampering with or abusing any aspect of the Program or may be engaging in activities that violate these Terms.
 		iv. Bing Places. When you provide your Data or Your Content to Bing Places, you grant Microsoft a worldwide, royalty-free intellectual property license to use, reproduce, save, modify, aggregate, promote, transmit, display or distribute as part of a service, and sub-license those rights to third parties.
Top of page


Cortana

 		g. Cortana. Cortana is Microsoft’s personal assistant Service. Cortana provides information for your planning purposes only and you should exercise your own independent judgment when reviewing and relying on this information. Microsoft does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, reliability, availability or timeliness of inferences and personalized experiences provided by Cortana. Microsoft is not responsible if a Cortana communication management feature delays or prevents you from reviewing or sending a communication.
Top of page


Outlook.com

 		h. Outlook.com. The Outlook.com (or @msn, @hotmail, or @live) email address that you use to create your Microsoft account will be unique to you for as long as your Outlook.com inbox or Microsoft account is still active. In the event your Outlook.com inbox or Microsoft account is closed either by you or by Microsoft pursuant to these Terms, the email address or username may be recycled into our system and assigned to another user.
Top of page


Office-based Services

 		i. Office-based Services. Office consumer-based services, applications, or products (including Sway and OneNote) are for your personal, noncommercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement with Microsoft.
Top of page


Microsoft Health Services

 		j. Microsoft Health Services.
 		i. HealthVault. HealthVault is intended for you to store your personal health-related information and information about other people (such as your family) with their consent. HealthVault accounts are not for use by healthcare providers or for any other commercial or non-personal purpose. The information in your account may not always be accurate or up-to-date and should be viewed by any health care provider as informational only. The HealthVault Service does not hold records for healthcare providers or other medical or case management purposes. For example, HealthVault records are not designated record sets as defined under U.S. regulations. If a healthcare provider decides to include any data made available from HealthVault in its records, it should store a copy in its own system. If there is a co-custodian of a record in your account (because one of you invited the other), you acknowledge that the co-custodian has full control over that record and may cancel your access to the record, manage other peoples' access to the record, and view the record's data including how and when the record is used. Microsoft does not support non-Microsoft credentials (such as Facebook and OpenID), so HealthVault customer support will not be able to help with sign-in issues for those. If you lose your sign-in credentials, or if the account where you got your credentials closes, you will not be able to recover your stored data. To help maintain continued access, we suggest you use more than one sign-in credential with your HealthVault account. Microsoft does not endorse or control, and is not responsible for, the operation, support, or security of non-Microsoft credentials you may use.
 		ii. Microsoft Health and Microsoft Band. Microsoft Health and the Microsoft Band are not medical devices and are intended for fitness and wellness purposes only. They are not designed or intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease. Before starting or modifying any activity or sleep program using Microsoft Health, consult your physician. Microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from Microsoft.
Top of page


Digital Goods

 		k. Digital Goods. Through Microsoft Groove, Microsoft Movies & TV, Store and any other related and future services, Microsoft may enable you to obtain, listen to, view, play or read (as the case may be) music, images, video, text, books, games or other material ("Digital Goods") that you may get in digital form. The Digital Goods are only for your personal, noncommercial entertainment use. You agree not to redistribute, broadcast, publicly perform or publicly display or transfer any copies of the Digital Goods. Digital Goods may be owned by Microsoft or by third parties. In all circumstances, you understand and acknowledge that your rights with respect to Digital Goods are limited by these Terms, copyright law, and the usage rules located at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143. You agree that you will not attempt to modify any Digital Goods obtained through any of the Services for any reason whatsoever, including for the purpose of disguising or changing ownership or source of the Digital Goods. Microsoft or the owners of the Digital Goods may, from time to time, remove Digital Goods from the Services without notice.
Top of page


OneDrive

 		l. OneDrive.
 		i. Storage Allocation. If you have more content stored in your OneDrive account than is provided to you under the terms of your free or paid subscription service for OneDrive and you do not respond to notice from Microsoft to fix your account by removing excess content or moving to a new subscription plan with more storage, we reserve the right to close your account and delete or disable access to Your Content on OneDrive. 
 		ii. Service Performance. Depending on factors such as your equipment, internet connection and Microsoft’s efforts to maintain the performance and integrity of its service, you may occasionally experience delays in uploading or syncing content on OneDrive.
Top of page


Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver

15. Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver If You Live In (or If a Business Your Principal Place of Business Is In) the United States. We hope we never have a dispute, but if we do, you and we agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally. If we can’t, you and we agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA"), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury. Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide and the arbitrator’s decision will be final except for a limited right of review under the FAA. Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity aren’t allowed. Nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties. "We," "our," and "us" includes Microsoft, Skype (see section 10) and Microsoft’s affiliates and, if you use Skype Pay by Mobile, your mobile phone carrier.
 		a. Disputes Covered—Everything Except IP. The term "dispute" is as broad as it can be. It includes any claim or controversy between you and us concerning the Services, the software related to the Services, the Services’ or software’s price, your Microsoft account, your Skype account, or these Terms, under any legal theory including contract, warranty, tort, statute, or regulation, except disputes relating to the enforcement or validity of your, your licensors’, our, or our licensors’ intellectual property rights.
 		b. Mail a Notice of Dispute First. If you have a dispute and our customer service representatives can’t resolve it, send a Notice of Dispute by U.S. Mail to Microsoft Corporation, ATTN: CELA Arbitration, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, U.S.A. (or to your mobile phone carrier at its principal place of business in the United States marked ATTN: Legal Department). Tell us your name, address, how to contact you, what the problem is, and what you want. A form is available at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=245499. We’ll do the same if we have a dispute with you. After 60 days, you or we may start an arbitration if the dispute is unresolved.
 		c. Small Claims Court Option. Instead of mailing a Notice of Dispute, you may sue us in small claims court in your county of residence (or if a business your principal place of business) or King County, Washington, U.S.A. if you meet the court’s requirements.
 		d. Arbitration Procedure. The AAA will conduct any arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules (or if you are an individual and use the Services for personal or household use, or if the value of the dispute is $75,000 or less whether or not you are an individual or how you use the Services, its Consumer Arbitration Rules). For more information, see www.adr.org or call 1-800-778-7879. To start an arbitration, submit the form available at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=245497 to the AAA and mail a copy to us. In a dispute involving $25,000 or less, any hearing will be telephonic unless the arbitrator finds good cause to hold an in-person hearing instead. Any in-person hearing will take place in your county of residence (or if a business your principal place of business) or our principal place of business—King County, Washington if your dispute is with Microsoft. You choose. The arbitrator may award the same damages to you individually as a court could. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only to you individually to satisfy your individual claim.
 		e. Arbitration Fees and Payments.
 		i. Disputes Involving $75,000 or Less. We will promptly reimburse your filing fees and pay the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses. If you reject our last written settlement offer made before the arbitrator was appointed, your dispute goes all the way to an arbitrator’s decision (called an “award”), and the arbitrator awards you more than this last written offer, we will: (i) pay the greater of the award or $1,000; (ii) pay your reasonable attorney’s fees, if any; and (iii) reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration.
 		ii. Disputes Involving More than $75,000. The AAA rules will govern payment of filing fees and the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.
 		f. Conflict with AAA Rules. These Terms govern to the extent they conflict with the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules or Consumer Arbitration Rules.
 		g. Must File Within One Year. You and we must file in small claims court or arbitration any claim or dispute (except intellectual property disputes—see section 15(a)) within one year from when it first could be filed. Otherwise, it's permanently barred.
 		h. Rejecting Future Arbitration Changes. You may reject any change we make to section 15 (except address changes) by sending us notice within 30 days of the change by U.S. Mail to the address in section 15(b). If you do, the most recent version of section 15 before the change you rejected will apply.
 		i. Severability. If the class action waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, then those parts won’t be arbitrated but will proceed in court, with the rest proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of section 15 is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed but the rest of section 15 still applies.
 		j. Mobile Phone Carrier as Third-Party Beneficiary. If you use Skype Pay by Mobile, your mobile phone carrier is a third-party beneficiary of your agreement with Microsoft and Skype to resolve disputes through informal negotiation and arbitration. Your mobile phone carrier agrees to do everything Microsoft and Skype agree to do in section 15.
Top of page


Miscellaneous

16. Miscellaneous. This section, and sections 1, 9 (for amounts incurred before the end of these Terms), 10, 11, 12, 13, 15, and those that by their terms apply after the Terms end will survive any termination or cancellation of these Terms. We may assign these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time without notice to you. You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Terms or transfer any rights to use the Services. This is the entire agreement between you and Microsoft for your use of the Services. It supersedes any prior agreements between you and Microsoft regarding your use of the Services. All parts of these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by relevant law. If a court or arbitrator holds that we can't enforce a part of these Terms as written, we may replace those terms with similar terms to the extent enforceable under the relevant law, but the rest of these Terms won't change. Section 15(i) says what happens if parts of section 15 (arbitration and class action waiver) are found to be illegal or unenforceable. Section 15(i) prevails over this section if inconsistent with it. Except for section 15 (arbitration and class action waiver) these Terms are solely for your and our benefit; they aren’t for the benefit of any other person, except for Microsoft’s successors and assigns.
17. Export Laws. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software and/or Services, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further information on geographic and export restrictions, visit http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=141397 and http://www.microsoft.com/exporting.
18. Unsolicited Ideas. Microsoft does not consider or accept unsolicited proposals or ideas, including without limitation ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements ("Unsolicited Feedback"). If you send any Unsolicited Feedback to Microsoft through the Services or otherwise, you acknowledge and agree that Microsoft shall not be under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Unsolicited Feedback.
Top of page


NOTICES

Notices and procedure for making claims of intellectual property infringement. Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties. If you wish to send a notice of intellectual property infringement, including claims of copyright infringement, please use our procedures for submitting Notices of Infringement. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THIS PROCEDURE WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE.
Microsoft uses the processes set out in Title 17, United States Code, Section 512 to respond to notices of copyright infringement. In appropriate circumstances, Microsoft may also disable or terminate accounts of users of Microsoft services who may be repeat infringers.
Notices and procedures regarding intellectual property concerns in advertising. Please review our Intellectual Property Guidelines regarding intellectual property concerns on our advertising network.
Copyright and trademark notices. The Services are copyright © 2016 Microsoft Corporation and/or its suppliers, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. All rights reserved. Microsoft and the names, logos, and icons of all Microsoft products, software, and services may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries. The names of actual companies and products may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved. Certain software used in certain Microsoft website servers is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group. Copyright © 1991-1996 Thomas G. Lane. All rights reserved. "gnuplot" software used in certain Microsoft website servers is copyright © 1986-1993 Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley. All rights reserved.
Medical notice. Microsoft does not provide medical or any other health care advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, diet, fitness, or wellness program. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of information you accessed on or through the Services.
Stock quotes and index data (including index values). © 2013 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
You may not use any of the Dow Jones IndexesSM, index data, or the Dow Jones marks in connection with the issuance, creation, sponsorship, trading, marketing, or promotion of any financial instruments or investment products (for example, derivatives, structured products, investment funds, exchange-traded funds, investment portfolios, etc., where the price, return and/or performance of the instrument or investment product is based on, related to, or intended to track any of the Indexes or a proxy for any of the Indexes) without a separate written agreement with Dow Jones.
Financial notice. Microsoft isn't a broker/dealer or registered investment advisor under United States federal securities law or securities laws of other jurisdictions and doesn't advise individuals as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities or other financial products or services. Nothing contained in the Services is an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. Neither Microsoft nor its licensors of stock quotes or index data endorse or recommend any particular financial products or services. Nothing in the Services is intended to be professional advice, including but not limited to, investment or tax advice.
Notice about the H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual, and VC-1 Video Standards. The software may include H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual and/or VC-1 codec technology that may be licensed by MPEG LA, L.L.C. This technology is a format for data compression of video information. MPEG LA, L.L.C. requires this notice:
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL, AND THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSES FOR THE PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (A) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE STANDARDS ("VIDEO STANDARDS") AND/OR (B) DECODE H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL, AND VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE SUCH VIDEO. NONE OF THE LICENSES EXTEND TO ANY OTHER PRODUCT REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PRODUCT IS INCLUDED WITH THIS SOFTWARE IN A SINGLE ARTICLE. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE THE MPEG LA WEBSITE.
For clarification purposes only, this notice does not limit or inhibit the use of the software provided under these Terms for normal business uses that are personal to that business which do not include (i) redistribution of the software to third parties, or (ii) creation of material with the VIDEO STANDARDS compliant technologies for distribution to third parties.
Top of page


STANDARD APPLICATION LICENSE TERMS

STANDARD APPLICATION LICENSE TERMS
WINDOWS STORE AND XBOX STORE
These license terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher. Please read them. They apply to the software applications you download from the Windows Store or the Xbox Store, including any updates or supplements for the application, unless the application comes with separate terms, in which case those terms apply.
BY DOWNLOADING OR USING THE APPLICATION, OR ATTEMPTING TO DO ANY OF THESE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO AND MUST NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APPLICATION.
The application publisher means the entity licensing the application to you, as identified in the Windows Store or Xbox Store.
If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.
 		1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS; EXPIRATION. For applications you download from the Windows Store: (a) you may install and use the application on a Windows device or devices that are affiliated with the Microsoft account that you use to access the Windows Store; and (b) the device limit for the application is displayed in the Store or, for some applications downloaded on the Xbox console, in our Usage Rules. For applications you download from the Xbox Store, you may install and use the application on Xbox consoles as described in our Usage Rules. Microsoft reserves the right to modify our Usage Rules at any time.
 		2. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES.
 		a. Consent for Internet-based or wireless services. If the application connects to computer systems over the Internet, which may include via a wireless network, using the application operates as your consent to the transmission of standard device information (including but not limited to technical information about your device, system, and application software, and peripherals) for Internet-based or wireless services. If other terms are presented in connection with your use of services accessed using the application, those terms also apply.
 		b. Misuse of Internet-based services. You may not use any Internet-based service in any way that could harm it or impair anyone else’s use of it or the wireless network. You may not use the service to try to gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account, or network by any means.
 		3. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The application is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the application. If Microsoft disables the ability to use the applications on your devices pursuant to your agreement with Microsoft, any associated license rights will terminate. Application publisher reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the application only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the application that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not:
 		a. Work around any technical limitations in the application.
 		b. Reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the application, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation.
 		c. Make more copies of the application than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation.
 		d. Publish or otherwise make the application available for others to copy.
 		e. Rent, lease, or lend the application.
 		f. Transfer the application or this agreement to any third party.
 		4. DOCUMENTATION. If documentation is provided with the application, you may copy and use the documentation for personal reference purposes.
 		5. TECHNOLOGY AND EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The application may be subject to United States or international technology control or export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the application. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For information on Microsoft branded products, go to the Microsoft exporting website.
 		6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Contact the application publisher to determine if any support services are available. Microsoft, your hardware manufacturer and your wireless carrier (unless one of them is the application publisher) aren’t responsible for providing support services for the application.
 		7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, any applicable privacy policy, any additional terms that accompany the application, and the terms for supplements and updates are the entire license agreement between you and application publisher for the application.
 		8. APPLICABLE LAW.
 		a. United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of these terms, claims for breach of them, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles.
 		b. Outside the United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in any other country, the laws of that country apply.
 		9. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country. This agreement doesn’t change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country don’t permit it to do so.
 		10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The application is licensed "as is," "with all faults," and "as available." You bear the entire risk as to its quality, safety, comfort, and performance. Should it prove defective, you assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing or repair. The application publisher, on behalf of itself, Microsoft, wireless carriers over whose network the application is provided, and each of our respective affiliates, vendors, agents, and suppliers ("Covered Parties"), gives no express warranties, guarantees, or conditions in relation to the application. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws that this agreement can't change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, Covered Parties exclude any implied warranties or conditions, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, safety, comfort, and non-infringement. If your local laws impose a warranty, guarantee or condition even though these terms do not, its duration is limited to 90 days from when you download the application.
 		11. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. To the extent not prohibited by law, if you have any basis for recovering damages, you can recover from the application publisher only direct damages up to the amount you paid for the application or $1.00, whichever is greater. You will not, and waive any right to, seek to recover any other damages, including lost profits and consequential, special, direct, indirect, or incidental damages, from the application publisher.
This limitation applies to:
 		Anything related to the application or services made available through the application; and
 		Claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; violation of a statute or regulation; unjust enrichment; or under any other theory; all to the extent permitted by applicable law.
It also applies even if:
 		This remedy doesn’t fully compensate you for any losses; or
 		The application publisher knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.
Top of page


Covered Services

The following products, apps and services are covered by the Microsoft Services Agreement, but may not be available in your market.
		Account.microsoft.com
		Advertising.microsoft.com
		Arrow Launcher
		Ask Cortana
		Bing
		Bing Apps
		Bing Bots
		Bing Desktop
		Bing Dictionary
		Bing Image Bot
		Bing in the Classroom
		Bing Input
		Bing Maps
		Bing Music Bot
		Bing Navigation
		Bing News Bot
		Bing Reader
		Bing Rewards
		Bing Search app
		Bing Toolbar
		Bing Torque
		Bing Translator
		Bing Webmaster
		Bing Wikipedia Browser
		Bing.com
		Bingplaces.com
		Choice.microsoft.com
		Citizen Next
		Conditional Action Programmer
		Cortana
		Default Homepage and New Tab Page on Microsoft Edge
		Dev Center App
		Device Health App
		Dictate
		Docs.com
		Education.minecraft.net
		Forzamotorsport.net
		Groove
		Groove Music Pass
		GroupMe
		HealthVault
		HealthVault Insights
		Home
		Maps App
		Microsoft account
		Microsoft Add-Ins for Skype
		Microsoft Bots
		Microsoft Family
		Microsoft Health
		Microsoft Movies & TV
		Microsoft Support and Recovery Assistant for Office 365
		Microsoft Translator
		Microsoft Wallpaper
		Microsoft XiaoIce
		MSN Dial Up
		MSN Explorer
		MSN Food & Drink
		MSN Health & Fitness
		MSN Money
		MSN News
		MSN Premium
		MSN Sports
		MSN Travel
		MSN Weather
		MSN.com
		News Pro App and Website
		Next Lock Screen
		Office 365 Consumer
		Office 365 Home
		Office 365 Personal
		Office 365 University
		Office Online
		Office Store
		Office Sway
		Office.com
		OneDrive
		OneDrive.com
		OneNote.com
		Outlook.com
		Paint 3D
		Picturesque Lock Screen
		Pix Lock
		Pocket Skills
		Presentation Translator
		Remix 3D
		Seeing AI
		Send
		Skype
		Skype in the Classroom
		Skype Manager
		Skype Qik
		Skype.com
		Smart Search
		Spreadsheet Keyboard
		Store
		Sway.com
		Todo.microsoft.com
		Tossup
		Translator
		Translator for Microsoft Edge
		Translator Live
		UrWeather
		Video Breakdown
		Windows Live Mail
		Windows Live Writer
		Windows Movie Maker
		Windows Photo Gallery
		Windows Store
		Word Flow
		Xbox and Windows Games, apps and websites published by Microsoft
		Xbox Game Pass
		Xbox Live
		Xbox Live Gold
		Xbox Music
		Xbox Store
		Zo


Moves Terms of Use

Effective Date: May 5, 2014

These terms of use (“Terms of Use”) are a legal agreement concluded between you (“Licensee”) and ProtoGeo Oy of Salomonkatu 17 A, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland (“Licensor”) for the Moves app (“Service”). The Licensor licenses use of the Service to the Licensee on the basis of these Terms of Use. The Licensor does not sell the Service to the Licensee. The Licensor remains the owner of the Service at all times.

By downloading, installing and using the Service, the Licensee agrees to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use which shall bind the Licensee. The terms and conditions of these Terms of Service include, in particular, disclaimer of warranty in Section 5 and limitation of liability in Section 6.

If the Licensee does not agree to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, the Licensor does not license the Service to the Licensee and the Licensee must refrain from downloading, installing and using the Service. The Service can only be downloaded, installed and used in accordance with these Terms of Use.

1. Scope of License

1.1 The Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Service on the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use (“License”). The License shall remain in force subject to the payment of license fees, if any, unless terminated in accordance with Section 8.

1.2 Under the License, the Licensee may:

(a) download, install and use the Service for the Licensee’s personal purposes on any compatible device owned or controlled by the Licensee; and

(b) receive and use any updates to the Service as may be provided by the Licensor from time to time.

1.3 The Licensor reserves the right to change, suspend, remove or disable access to the Service at any time without notice. In no event shall the Licensor be liable for the removal or disabling of, or for imposing limits on, access to or use of the Service. The fourth paragraph of Section 8 shall apply to the refund of license fees.

2. Consent to processing of data

Licensor may process personal data in accordance with the Licensor’s Privacy Policy, which among other things explains how and for which purposes data is processed, and the controls available when you use the Service.

3. Restrictions

Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use or as permitted by applicable law, the Licensee undertakes not to:

(a) copy the Service except where such copying is incidental to normal use of the Service;

(b) rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Service;

(c) make alterations to, modifications of or derivative works based on the whole or any part of the Service, nor permit the Service or any part of it to be combined with or become incorporated in any other service or program;

(d) disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer the whole or any part of the Service, nor attempt to do any such thing except to the extent that such actions cannot be prohibited under applicable law;

(e) provide or otherwise make available the Service, in whole or in part, in any form to any person for commercial purposes;

(f) use the Service for any illegal activities, such as infringing or violating the rights of any other party; and

(g) exploit the Service in any unauthorized way whatsoever.

4. Intellectual Property Rights

4.1 The Licensee acknowledges that:

(a) all intellectual property rights in the Service belong to the Licensor;

(b) rights in the Service are licensed, not sold, to the Licensee;

(c) the Licensee has no rights in or to the Service other than the License; and

(d) the Licensee has no right to have access to the Service in source code form.

4.2 In the event of any third party claim that the Service or the Licensee’s possession and use of the Service infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, the Licensor shall be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.

5. No warranty

The Licensee expressly acknowledges and agrees that use of the Service is at the Licensee’s sole risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with the Licensee. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Services are provided “as is” and “as available”, with all faults and without warranty of any kind, and the Licensor hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with respect to the Services, either express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and/or conditions of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for a particular purpose, of accuracy, of quiet enjoyment, and non-infringement of third party rights. The Licensor does not warrant against interference with the Licensee’s enjoyment of the Service, that the functions contained in, or services performed or provided by, the Service will meet the requirements of the Licensee, that the operation of the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects in the Service will be corrected. No oral or written information or advice given by the Licensor or its authorized representative shall create a warranty. Should the Service prove defective, the Licensee assumes the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.

6. Limitation of liability

6.1 The Licensee acknowledges that the Service has not been developed to meet the individual requirements of the Licensee, and that it is therefore the Licensee’s responsibility to ensure that the facilities and functions of the Service meet the requirements of the Licensee.

6.2 The Licensor is not in any way responsible for the use made by the Licensee of the Service. The Licensee understands that certain risks are inherent in all physical activities, and the Licensee assumes sole responsibility for any change in his or her behavior. It may be necessary to consult a physician before increasing one’s physical activity.

6.3 To the extent not prohibited by law, in no event shall the Licensor be liable for personal injury, or any incidental, special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages whatsoever, including, without limitation:

(a) loss of profit,

(b) loss of business,

(c) business interruption,

(d) loss of business opportunity,

(e) loss of data or

(f) any other commercial damages or losses

arising out of or related to the Licensee’s use or inability to use the Service, however caused, whether in contract, tort or otherwise and even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

6.4 In no event shall the Licensor’s total liability to the Licensee for all damages exceed the amount of fifty euros (€50.00).

6.5 The Licensor is responsible for addressing any claims of the Licensee or any third party relating to the Service or the Licensee’s possession and/or use of the Service, including, but not limited to: (a) product liability claims, (b) any claim that the Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.

7. Conditions precedent

7.1 The Licensee represents and warrants that he or she:

(a) is legally competent;

(b) if legally incompetent, has obtained a verifiable consent from his or her legal guardian(s), as required under applicable law, to accept the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use;

(c) is not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and

(d) is not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

8. Termination

8.1 The License is effective until terminated by the Licensee or the Licensor.  The Licensee’s rights under the License shall terminate automatically without notice from the Licensor if the Licensee fails to comply with any term or condition of these Terms of Use.

8.2 If any license fees have been paid by the Licensee for use of the Service, termination shall take effect 30 days after the notice of termination was sent to the other party in writing. Otherwise the termination shall take effect immediately.

8.3 Upon termination of the License, the Licensee shall cease all use of the Service and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Service in the Licensee’s possession.

8.4 If any license fees have been paid by the Licensee for use of the Service and the License is terminated by the Licensor, the Licensor shall recompense the Licensee pro rata for his or her loss.

9. Other terms

9.1 The Licensor may transfer its rights and obligations under these Terms of Use to another person. The Licensee may not transfer his or her rights or obligations under these Terms of Use to another person.

9.2 Each of the conditions of these Terms of Use operates separately. If any court or competent authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining conditions will remain in full force and effect.

9.3 The laws of Finland, excluding its conflict of law rules, govern these Terms of Use and the Licensee’s use of the Service. The Licensee’s use of the Service may also be subject to other local, state, national or international laws. To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, the courts of Finland shall have jurisdiction.

10. Variations

10.1 The Licensor is entitled to revise these Terms of Use at any time. The Licensor shall notify the Licensee of any revisions with reasonable notice, at the Licensor’s sole discretion, through the Service, by e-email, via an online service or otherwise, or using any combination of the foregoing.

10.2 If the Licensee does not agree to the revised Terms of Use, he or she will not be bound by them if the Licensee ceases all use of the Service and destroys all copies, full or partial, of the Service in the Licensee’s possession. The fourth paragraph of Section 8.4 shall apply to the refund of license fees.

11. Developer name and address

The Licensor is solely responsible for the Service and its content. Any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Service should be directed to:

ProtoGeo Oy
Attn: Moves
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
Websites & Communications Terms of Use
June 23, 2016

Terms of Use
1. Introduction
Please read the terms of this entire document  (“Terms”) carefully because it explains your rights and responsibilities when you visit any of Mozilla’s websites (“Websites”), or related feeds, social media, newsletters, source code repositories, and emails (together with Websites, these are collectively referred to as “Communications”). By accessing or signing up to receive Communications, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

Our Websites include multiple domains such as mozilla.org, mozillians.org, firefox.com, mozillafestival.org, openstandard.com, openbadges.org and webmaker.org. You may also recognize our Websites by nicknames such as Bugzilla@Mozilla, BMO, MozWiki, MoPad, MozReps, MDN, Marketplace, One and Done, SUMO, and AMO. Some of our Websites connect you with links, apps or add-ons that are provided by other parties and are subject to separate Terms.

2. Account Registration
Some Websites require you to register for an account in order to access additional features of a Website or another Mozilla service. If applicable, additional terms will be presented to you. You are responsible for all activities under your account.

Some Websites allow you to create a username during registration. Your use of a username must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy.

3. Content Licensing
Our Communications include content such as articles, images, photographs, comments, software code, audio and video clips, and other materials (collectively, “Content”).  Content is authored by Mozilla, contributors to Mozilla projects, and other sources.

Content authored by Mozilla is generally made available for public sharing and reuse through open licenses such as Creative Commons (for expressive material) or the Mozilla Public License (for software code).  In most cases we ask Mozilla contributors to release Content under open licenses.

Some Content in our Communications is acquired from sources that prohibit further use of their Content without advance permission.  Where possible, the Content or Website footer will display a notice with the applicable license. You agree to abide by such notices.  Note the following specifics:

Some Content expressly indicates that the author does not intend for an open license to apply. You should contact the author or author’s agent for permission to use such Content.  Questions on Mozilla authored content can be sent to: licensing@mozilla.org.
Some Content contains trademarks, trade dress, logos and brand assets of Mozilla and other parties (“Trademarks”).  Except for a few limited circumstances, Trademarks cannot be used without advance written permission of the owner of the Trademark.  Learn more on Mozilla trademarks.
Software used by our Websites is licensed under the MPL or similarly permissive open source licenses. For more information on the specific license, please see the applicable source code or GitHub repository.
4. Content Submissions
You may contribute Content when interacting with our Communications, including but not limited to commenting on an article, blogging, contributing code, or contributing graphics or written material (each a “Submission”). Unless your Submission is made under a separate agreement with Mozilla, in which case that agreement will govern, then

For Submissions to Mozilla's open source projects:

You agree to license your Submission under the terms of the corresponding license of the particular open source project to which you are contributing. For more information on the specific license, please see the applicable source code or GitHub repository.
For all other Submissions, you agree to the following in connection with each:

You represent and warrant that your Submission will comply with these Terms, the Mozilla Conditions of Use, and any additional terms that may govern your Submission.
You hereby grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable (to those we work with) license to use your Submission in connection with the Communications and online and offline promotion of Mozilla’s mission, products and services.
You acknowledge that your Submissions may be accessible by other registered users of the applicable service or the public.
If your Submission contains expressive material or software code, you agree to license it in a manner that is compatible with the particular Website you are making a Submission to.
You represent and warrant that you have the rights necessary to grant the rights granted herein, and further, that the uses contemplated under these Terms will not infringe the proprietary or intellectual property rights of any third party.
You understand and agree that Mozilla reserves the right, at its discretion, to review, modify, or remove any Submission that it deems is objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
5. Privacy Policy & Cookies
The Mozilla Websites, Communications & Cookies Privacy Notice describes how we handle information that we receive from you in connection with our Communications. The Privacy Notice explains, for example, that we place certain cookies on our Websites and how you can opt-out.

6. Communications and Events
If you subscribe to receive our newsletters or register for an account in connection with any of our Websites, you may receive transactional emails from us in connection with your account (for example, legal, privacy, and security updates).

Some of our Websites have online tools that allow you to send emails to others. For example, you can invite your contacts to events on Mozillians.  You agree not to misuse others’ email addresses (for example, by spamming them).

Other Websites, like MozReps, provide tools that enable users to arrange physical events for anyone to attend. Please exercise caution and good judgment when attending events.

7. Notice of Claimed Infringement
For more information on how to report claims of copyright or trademark infringement, please see: https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/report-infringement/.

8. Term; Termination
These Terms will continue to apply until ended by either you or Mozilla. You can choose to end them at any time for any reason by discontinuing your use of our Communications and, if applicable, deleting your account.

We may suspend or terminate your access to our Communications at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms, our Acceptable Use Policy, or other relevant policy; (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; or (iii) our provision of the Communications to you is no longer commercially viable.

In all such cases, these Terms shall terminate, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: Indemnification, Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability, Miscellaneous.

9. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Mozilla, its contractors, contributors, licensors, and partners; and the respective directors, officers, employees and agents of the foregoing ("Indemnified Parties") from and against any and all third party claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of or related to your use of our Communications (including, but not limited to, from your Submissions or from your violation of any these Terms).

10. Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability
THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH ALL FAULTS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MOZILLA AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES THAT THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGING. YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO USING THE COMMUNICATIONS FOR YOUR PURPOSES AND AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE RISK THAT YOUR HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, OR CONTENT IS DELETED OR CORRUPTED, THAT SOMEONE ELSE GAINS UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION, OR THAT ANOTHER USER MISUSES OR MISAPPROPRIATES YOUR SUBMISSION. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY LAW, MOZILLA AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE COMMUNICATIONS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT AND INDIRECT DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH SUCH CLAIM IS BASED. THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF MOZILLA AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $500 (FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS). SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

11. Modifications to these Terms
We may update these Terms from time to time to address a new feature of the Communications or to clarify a provision. The updated Terms will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through our usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts, banners, emails, or forums. Your continued use of our Communications after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of this page.

12. Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Mozilla concerning our Communications and supersede any prior versions of these Terms. The Communications and these Terms are governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions. All claims and disputes arising out of the Communications or these Terms shall be brought exclusively in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. If any portion of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms and the English language version, the English language version shall control. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and relevant additional terms, the additional terms shall control.

13. Contact Us
Mozilla 
Attn: Mozilla – Legal Notices
331 E. Evelyn Ave.,
Mountain View, CA 94041
USA
Telephone: 650-903-0800
Fax: 650-903-0875
Legal-notices at mozilla.com
MyHeritage - Terms and ConditionsWelcome to MyHeritage

MyHeritage is an online service that allows members to create family sites and profiles in order to build and print their family trees, share family photos, keep in touch with family members, perform DNA testing, receive genetic analysis, participate in scientific research and research their family history with advanced research tools (the "Service"). The Service is owned and operated by MyHeritage Ltd. (hereafter "MyHeritage", 'we', 'our' or 'us'). 'You' or 'your' means an adult user, over the age of 13, of the Service (in some countries the minimum age is 14, see Section "Underage Users" below). Any use of the Service and/or the MyHeritage Website (the "Website") is subject to compliance with the Terms and Conditions listed herein. Please read them carefully, because by using the Website you agree to be bound by them and to enter into an agreement with us based on such Terms and Conditions (this "Agreement"), whether or not you register as a member in MyHeritage ("Member"). The MyHeritage website (the "Website") is part of a group of websites that we own and operate (the "MyHeritage Website Group") which also includes MyHeritage.* websites on other top-level domains, Geni.com, WorldVitalRecords.com and FamilyLink.com.
This Agreement applies to any use of the Service, including but not limited to: a) submitting samples for DNA extraction and processing, b) uploading a digital version of your genetic information exported from other DNA services, c) receiving and interacting with genetic analysis provided by the Website; and d) downloading your raw DNA data (collectively, the "DNA Services"). Unless explicitly indicated otherwise, the Service includes the DNA Services for all purposes of this Agreement. If you do not agree with any provision in this Agreement, do not use the Service and the Website. We reserve the right to modify any provision hereof from time to time, in our sole discretion, and such modification shall be effective immediately upon its posting on the Website. You agree to be bound to any changes to this Agreement if you continue to use the Service after any such modification is posted.

The Service

MyHeritage Family Sites

MyHeritage allows you, as a Member, to create and post content into MyHeritage family sites, and enables you to control and limit access to such content by other users on the MyHeritage Website Group. In view of the nature of the Service, please select carefully the information you wish to post on MyHeritage family sites and refrain from posting any illegal or unsuitable content. We will not edit or monitor user-provided content, but we reserve the right to remove any user provided content which comes to our attention and which, in our sole discretion, breaches this Agreement.
By way of illustration, and without limitation, you shall refrain from posting, transmitting, sending or otherwise making available, through or in connection with the Service, the following:

Photographs and other content which include nudity, sexuality, pornography, indecency, vulgarity, violence and/or any offensive subject matter.
Any content which may violate the privacy or breach the confidentiality of other people, including members in your family tree. Our Service allows you to define specific privacy settings regarding individual names, dates, email addresses and other personally identifying information. Please make use of these abilities and respect the privacy of others.
Any photos or email addresses of living individuals (other than your own), if done without their consent.
Any information relating to minors or underage children, which identifies them, their personal details or their address and other means of communication with them, without the direct consent of their parent or guardian.
Any content which does not belong to you or which you do not have a right to use.
Any content that impairs and/or infringes the property or other rights of others, including copyrights and trademarks. We are extremely sensitive to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of others. Be aware that content, including photographs, even if submitted to a site of which you are a Member, belongs to its creator or submitter and you should not reproduce it without permission of the owner.
Any content which is obscene, indecent, defamatory, derogatory, fraudulent, degrading, abusive, hateful, false, misleading, inaccurate, untrue, malicious, offensive, harassing, threatening, or incites racial, religious or ethnic hatred.
Any content that causes anyone alarm, annoyance, anxiety, embarrassment, offence or distress.
Any content that could prejudice any active legal proceedings of which you are aware; is unlawful or promotes or teaches unlawful activity.
Any computer virus or other malicious or harmful code.
Any content that violates our Privacy Policy.

You must not:
Impersonate anyone else or otherwise misrepresent your identity or status.
Hold yourself out as an employee or representative of MyHeritage Ltd. or any of its affiliates.
Stalk or harass or make persistent or regular contact with other users without their consent or encouragement or after any consent or encouragement has, expressly or impliedly, been withdrawn.
Send commercial emails, SPAM emails, unsolicited bulk mail or any other email which may harass its recipient(s).
Use our Website or Service in a way that might damage our name or reputation.
Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Website or Service.
Exploit for any commercial purposes any portion of, use of or access to the Website.
Perform any activity that requires any form of payment from Members and/or users of the family sites or any other area of MyHeritage.
Advertise or offer to sell products or services, except where this is expressly permitted by us and by law (in which case you must comply with any terms relating to such activities that we specify).
Include links on our Website or Service to third party websites outside the MyHeritage Website Group.

Except with our express prior written consent, you must not copy or store electronically all or part of our Website or its contents, or make available, distribute, sell or offer to sell all or any part of the Website or its contents, or systematically download content and data from or through the Website to make or populate another database for any purpose. Scraping, crawling and/or harvesting of any data and any pages from the Website without our explicit prior written consent is strictly prohibited. Except with our express prior written consent, reselling any MyHeritage products (including, without limitation MyHeritage DNA kits) is strictly prohibited. Buying a MyHeritage DNA kit and then selling it to someone else is strictly prohibited.
Any activity in the framework of the Website, that is brought to our attention and is in violation of applicable law, as determined in our sole discretion, will be brought to the attention of the proper authorities.

A MyHeritage family site is a place where members share their content with other members. This may create conflicts between members. The following guidelines apply to all MyHeritage members, including you:

Members must obtain permission from living family members before uploading information about them to a family site, and if they still do so without their permission, it is the responsibility of the family site's owner – the Member who created the family site.
If we receive a complaint about information published on a family site about a person or close relative of a person, against this person's wish, we reserve the right to delete that information from the family site even if the owner of the family site wants to keep the information there. In case of a dispute with the Member who owns the site, we are allowed to ban this Member and remove him/her from the Service at our discretion. If the Member is a Premium or PremiumPlus subscriber, the Member's subscription payment will be refunded to this Member by us.
The right of a relative to request not to be listed in a family site is stronger than the right of the owner of the site to list that relative in a family site.
If you encounter personal information in a family site or elsewhere on the Website that was entered by another member that you want removed, email a request to privacy@myheritage.com and give us up to one week to process this request. We will attempt to first resolve the dispute amicably by contacting the owner of the family site who has entered the information or is responsible for it, and give them time to respond. We will cooperate with you to make sure that the information you want to remove is eventually removed from the Website. If necessary, we will also help you with removing such information from the index of search engines like Google, but note that removal of information from Google and other search engines is outside our control and is not under our responsibility.
Copying information or photos from other family sites without the permission of their owners is prohibited and members who do this are at risk of being banned from the Service at the discretion of MyHeritage. Copying information or photos from external websites and services and publishing it into family sites requires the prior permission of the owners of the content.
Inviting other members to your family site, or accepting their membership requests, will give these members access to the family site and they might copy parts of it. If that happens, it is the responsibility of the owner of the family site, or of the Member who made the invitation or has accepted the membership request, and not of MyHeritage. If an invitation was made in error or a membership request was accepted in error, the owner of the family site can remove that member from the family site to revoke his or her access to it.
Family sites are open by default to visitors but details of living family members in the tree, except for their last name, are censored. For maximum privacy, site owners can turn their sites private, turn the photo albums private and turn off Smart Matching™ on their family trees.

Smart Matching™ is a service that makes discoveries by finding matches of your family tree with other family trees, but this benefit comes with a privacy drawback; that owners of other family sites can see parts of your family tree that were matched with theirs (except living people in your tree who are not found in their tree, who will remain censored). If this is a concern to you, you must turn off Smart Matching™ by clicking on the "My privacy" link in the account drop down menu at the top right corner of the Website, clicking on the "Content" tab below the name of your tree, unchecking the "Enable Smart Matching™" options and clicking the "Save" button. If you leave Smart Matching™ enabled for your family tree, you are taking responsibility that other members may see parts of your family tree.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any content posted by you and/or any family site, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website and/or Service at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any family site at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise, if we deem that the family site is in breach of this Agreement in any way.

Once you upload, post or publish content to the Website, including family trees and photos, it may become accessible to all persons accessing the Website or any websites in the MyHeritage Website Group, depending on permission settings in your control. Based on your permission settings, other Website users may be able to view, copy, download, store, edit, change or delete certain content that you post. You agree that other users may access your family site and may add to, subtract from or otherwise amend your family site. Information that you post will be displayed and is available for others to search, view or hear.

You may delete content that you previously posted on the Website; however, if others have downloaded or otherwise stored copies of the content, it may still be publicly viewable.

Other users may contact you through our Website regarding the content you upload. We may send you an email notification when you have a new message on our Website. You can change your email settings in the "My Account" area of the Website if you prefer not to receive such notification.

DNA Services

This Section applies to the DNA Services, including, among others, the ordering of a MyHeritage DNA test kit, submission of DNA samples to us, the acceptable use of such samples, the DNA markers, nucleotides, mutations or haplogroups ("DNA Results") resulting therefrom or submitted by you to the Website, and to the outputs of the genetic analysis of the DNA Results which include the DNA Matches and Ethnicity Estimates (together, the "DNA Reports") and your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of the DNA Services. Please note that in order to use the DNA Services, you will need to register as a Member on the Website, however you are not required to become a subscriber to use the DNA Services. Your use of the DNA Services is subject to this Agreement and the MyHeritage Privacy Policy.
The DNA Services are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Israel, Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria ("Restricted Locations"). By authorizing the DNA Services, submitting a DNA sample for testing or uploading or transferring DNA Results to the Website, you represent that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and are not a resident of the Restricted Locations listed above, and you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Agreement and to the collection and use of your DNA sample and DNA Results and the calculation and provisioning by us of the DNA Reports. In addition, you represent that any DNA sample you provide and any information that you transfer or upload that associates an individual with his/her DNA Results are either your DNA or the DNA of a person for whom you are a legal guardian or have obtained legal authorization to provide their DNA to us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, using the DNA Services for law enforcement purposes, forensic examinations, criminal investigations and/or similar purposes, without a court order and without prior explicit written permission from MyHeritage, is strictly prohibited. It is our policy to resist law enforcement inquiries to protect the privacy of our customers. All provisions herein apply both to DNA Results produced using the MyHeritage DNA testing services and DNA shared through direct upload to the Website, data transfer from another DNA testing service, or any other means by which you provide your DNA information to us.

By submitting DNA samples to MyHeritage, you give permission to MyHeritage to directly or indirectly extract the DNA from the samples, perform genetic analysis on the DNA using methods available now and developed in the future, to disclose the results of the tests performed by way of providing the DNA Reports to you and others that you authorize, and to store the samples for additional genetic testing (i.e., we may be able to provide more detailed and accurate DNA Results, DNA Reports and other outputs by additional genetic testing in the future, subject to your explicit approval) and to allow you to download the DNA Results, in each and every case subject to and in accordance with this Agreement and with the Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that in the event that you download your DNA Results: 1) such download will create a copy that is not protected by MyHeritage’s security and privacy settings; 2) such download and the storage of your DNA Results after you have downloaded it, shall all be made at your own risk; and 3) MyHeritage will not have any control over the downloaded DNA Results and shall not be liable to you or to any third party in connection with such download and/or storage.

We do not claim any ownership rights in the DNA samples, the DNA Results and/or the genetic information in the DNA Reports. Any genetic information derived from the DNA samples, the DNA Results and/or appears in the DNA Reports continues to belong to the person from whom the DNA was collected, subject only to the rights granted to MyHeritage in this Agreement. In addition, you understand that by providing DNA samples and/or DNA Results to us, you acquire no rights in any research or commercial products that may be developed by us that may relate to your DNA.

We will, if requested by you, destroy the DNA sample provided by you. To request destruction of your DNA sample, please contact us using the contact details indicated in the "Contact Us" Section below. In addition, you can, at any time, delete your DNA Results and DNA Reports from the Website by using the delete function from the "Manage DNA kits" page on the Website, or request MyHeritage Customer Support to do this for you.

By submitting DNA samples to us and/or DNA Results to the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, world-wide license to use your DNA samples, the DNA Results and the resulting DNA Reports, and any DNA samples and/or DNA Results you submit for any person from whom you obtained legal authorization as described in this Section and the resulting DNA Reports, to the minimum extent necessary to allow us to provide the Service to you. The license you grant to us is not perpetual, and it is revocable as you are able at any time to delete your DNA Results and DNA Reports permanently from the Website and to have us destroy your DNA samples. You hereby release us from any and all claims, liens, demands, actions or suits in connection with the DNA testing, DNA samples, DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, including, without limitation, errors, omissions, claims for defamation, invasion of privacy, right of publicity, emotional distress or economic loss. This section continues even if you stop using the Website or the DNA Services.

If you are a User residing outside the United States and providing DNA samples and/or DNA Results, you confirm that this submission is not subject to any export ban or restriction in the country in which you reside. You also agree that you have the authority, under the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which you reside, to provide the representations in this Agreement and you explicitly waive any laws or regulations relating to DNA samples, DNA Results and/or DNA Reports and their storage from the state or jurisdiction in which you reside. You agree that the DNA samples will be stored in the United States as provided in this Agreement.

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, block, refuse to post, or remove any DNA Reports and/or DNA Results submitted by you or provided by us following processing of your DNA sample, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate this Agreement or your access to all or any part of the DNA Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability, except that we will refund you in case you have purchased a MyHeritage DNA kit from us and we have exercised this right.

Eligibility

Use of and membership in the DNA Services is void where prohibited. You may use the DNA Services only if you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and are legally capable of forming a binding contract with us. Do not use the DNA Services if your use violates any applicable local, state or national law or regulation in your jurisdiction of residence. By authorizing the DNA Services, you represent and warrant that (a) the DNA sample and/or the DNA Results submitted by you belong to you or someone for whom you have legal authorization to share the sample and/or DNA Results; (b) you are eighteen (18) years of age or older; and (c) your use of the DNA Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation. If any minor gains access to DNA Services, the parent or guardian of that minor will be held responsible for the minor's actions. If you submit a DNA sample of a minor you must be the minor's parent or legal guardian and provide written confirmation of such in a format acceptable to us if requested prior to DNA Results and DNA Reports for the relevant minor being provided. If you have reason to believe you have an active infectious disease, condition or disorder please do not return your sample to us until such time as that disease condition or disorder is no longer infectious or has been cured. Your DNA sample may not be processed, your DNA Results and DNA Reports may be deleted and your membership may be terminated without notice, if we believe this Agreement or any portion of it have been violated or contradicted.

Term

This section applies to the DNA Services currently in use or previously used. You may remove DNA Results associated with your account at any time, for any reason, from the profile into which you or we uploaded them. We may remove your DNA Results and/or DNA Reports and/or terminate your membership at any time, without notice. Even after membership is terminated, the proprietary rights set forth in this Agreement will remain in effect.

Non-commercial Use by Members

The DNA Services are for the personal, private and informational use of members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial or research endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved in writing by us. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the DNA Services, including collecting DNA Results and/or DNA reports, is prohibited. We reserve the right to protect and enforce all rights associated with the DNA Services offered.

Proprietary Rights in Content

a. We do not claim any ownership rights in the DNA samples, the underlying DNA Results or any DNA Results that you submit via the DNA Services, and the genetic information in the DNA Reports. After submitting DNA Results to the Website or after sending us a DNA sample, you continue to retain all ownership rights in the DNA sample and the applicable DNA Results and genetic information in the DNA Reports and you continue to have the right to use your DNA Results and DNA Reports in any way you choose. By sending us a DNA sample, and/or submitting any DNA Results to the Website, you hereby grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to MyHeritage the right to receive, use, modify, display, and create derivative works of the DNA samples, the applicable DNA Results and the DNA Reports solely on and through the DNA Services for commercial and non-commercial purposes and MyHeritage's (and its successors' and affiliates') business.

b. The DNA Services contain DNA Results and DNA Reports of users, members, and other licensors. Except for content posted by you, or as expressly permitted by the privacy settings of a user, you may not copy, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any content appearing on or through the Website and/or the DNA Services.

DNA Samples and DNA Results; DNA Reports

You are solely responsible for the DNA sample(s) you send to MyHeritage and for DNA Results you submit through any of the DNA Services and any material or information that you transmit to us, our members and for any interactions with other users. We do not endorse and have no control over the DNA sample(s), DNA Results and DNA Reports We make no warranties, express or implied, as to the DNA Results and DNA reports or to the accuracy, reliability, comprehensiveness, completeness, quality, currency, error-free nature, compatibility, security or fitness for purpose of the Website or the DNA Services or the DNA Reports.


By using the DNA Services, you acknowledge that you may learn information you do not anticipate from the DNA Results and from the DNA Reports, which may evoke strong emotions and has the potential to alter your life and worldview. You may discover things about yourself that trouble you and that you may not have the ability to control or change (e.g., your father is not genetically your father, or your ethnicity is not what you thought it is, or surprising facts related to your ancestry). These outcomes could have social, legal, or economic implications. 

You further acknowledge that your use of the DNA Services and receipt of the resulting DNA Reports may have serious implications not only for you, but also for your immediate or other family members, since they share some of your DNA. If you are in any way concerned about any such potential implications, DO NOT USE the DNA Services. 

You agree to indemnify and hold MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and any third party acting on our behalf, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made due to or arising out of your use of or access to the DNA Services and any implications of such use.
Use of Data

Members or those who otherwise use the Website and/or the DNA Services may use another member's DNA Reports only to the extent allowed by such member's privacy settings and solely limited to the DNA Reports designated as available to other members. If you collect and/or publicize any such DNA Results and/or DNA Reports in a different website or application or otherwise use it outside the DNA Services, please note that the DNA Results and/or DNA Reports will be used in accordance with the terms and policies of these other websites and/or applications and this use is solely at your own risk.

Privacy and Security

We care about the privacy of our users. By using the DNA Services, you consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States and you acknowledge that the DNA samples and DNA Results you provide and/or we generate as well as the DNA Reports we generate may be used as described herein.

a. If you choose to keep it enabled through your privacy settings, your DNA Results will be matched with other users and may be linked to your profile page (where personally-identifiable information such as your name, DNA haplogroups or other DNA information, and names of immediate family members may be visible) and to the profile page of your family members with matching DNA where personally-identifiable information may be visible.

b. Your DNA Results and DNA Reports, may be used to confirm or refute existing relationships in your family tree. This may expose relationships that are not supported by DNA, or DNA may indicate relationships that contradict existing relationships in your family tree. We take no responsibility for conclusions that are inferred by you, by other members or by DNA Results. If you are unable or unwilling to contend with the consequences and any possible negative impact of such inferences you should not submit DNA samples and/or DNA Results to us, and you should delete your DNA Results and DNA Reports.

We have implemented commercially reasonable technical, physical and administrative measures designed to protect your information against accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk. This Section should be read in conjunction with MyHeritage Privacy Policy.

Limitation on Liability

Without derogating from the "Limitation on Liability" Sub-Section below (under the Section "Disclaimers, Limitation on Liability and Indemnity"), you should note that the DNA Services are controlled from our facilities in the United States. We make no representations that the DNA Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the DNA Services from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.

Surveys

Surveys on MyHeritage (the "Surveys") are designed to facilitate research (both internal and through third-party organizations) with the aim to make and support scientific discoveries and publish some of those discoveries in scientific journals. Such discoveries may include a better understanding of the relation between genotypes and phenotypes. The Surveys collect, preserve and analyze self-reported information related to physical and other personal traits, demography, household, lifestyle, habits, preferences, hobbies and interests, opinions, family, occupation, health, psychological and cognitive traits and other similar information (collectively, the "Survey Research Information"). 

Participation in the Surveys is voluntary and does not affect your ability to use the Service. You choose which Surveys, if any, to take and which questions to answer. The Surveys do not involve treatment for any condition. The Surveys are intended to assist academics or researchers to better understand the human species, learn or confirm certain facts and make predictions about future trends. Thus, the more Survey Research Information contributed, the better any potential results could be.  It is not anticipated that the Surveys will provide significant benefit impact to an individual participant, and research results based on the Surveys may or may not be communicated by MyHeritage to you if you choose to participate. 

If you are the parent or guardian of a minor who may wish to participate in the Surveys, you should talk with him/her and go over the information in this Agreement and the Privacy Policy with him/her before you and he/she make a decision about whether to participate in the Surveys. If he/she consents, he/she can participate if you authorize MyHeritage to use his/her self-contributed information for research. 

MyHeritage will not charge participants any fees to take part in the Surveys, and there will be no financial compensation paid to Surveys participants. The Survey Research Information may benefit researchers and others in the future. If any commercial product is developed as a result of the Surveys or its outcomes, there will be no financial benefit to you. 

There is no physical risk in allowing your information to be used in the Surveys. However, some questions or topics within the Surveys may make you or your family members uncomfortable. Such questions or topics may be skipped when participating in a Survey. While the Survey Research Information shared (through publication or with another entity) will never contain information that typically permits identification of an individual, such as a name or address, people may develop processes that would allow someone to re-identify the previously de-identified data. We apply a variety of controls to maintain the anonymity and integrity of our systems and to prevent such actions. However, as with other technological controls, there is no guarantee against unauthorized or nefarious actors. While there may be additional risks to participation that are currently unforeseeable, MyHeritage will continually work to prevent negative impact to our individual participants. Your alternative is not to participate in the Surveys. 

We may enhance, change or terminate the Surveys at any time and in our discretion, without your consent, but your information may be kept and used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Participation in the Surveys is purely voluntary and may be revoked at any time. Once you complete a Survey, you may not be able to alter some or all of your answers. However, if you change your mind after participating in the Surveys, you may contact our customer support and request all your completed Surveys to be deleted. Such deletion requests shall always be honored by us promptly. Upon such deletion, we will cease using your answers to the Surveys in our research, and we will continue to provide you with the ability to use the Website or the Service as before. Please note that due to the de- identification of certain Survey Research Information, any research or studies using anonymized or aggregate information that has already begun, studies that have been completed, and any study results or findings that have been published prior to your Survey deletion request cannot be reversed, undone, or removed. Your personal information will be protected in accordance with our Privacy Policy. 

New features and topics may be added to the Surveys on an ongoing basis. In such a case, we may send you an email as an update or an invitation to participate in new Surveys.

Health Family Tree

The Health Family Tree on MyHeritage (the "Health Family Tree") is an optional feature designed to help you keep your family’s health information organized in one place. In addition, the Health Family Tree is designed to facilitate research (both internal and through third-party organizations) with the aim to make and support scientific discoveries and publish some of those discoveries in scientific journals. The Health Family Tree allows you to enter information concerning health conditions, physical traits and other personal traits about yourself and your immediate family members (collectively, the "Health Family Tree Information"). Your Health Family Tree is based on your existing genealogical family tree, but includes only a subset of it, with your 1st and 2nd-degree blood relatives, plus spouses.

You may download or print a list-based report of health conditions that you entered into the Health Family Tree for sharing it with your healthcare provider. 

Usage of the Health Family Tree is voluntary and does not affect your ability to use the Service. You choose which Health Family Tree Information, if any, to add. The Health Family Tree does not involve diagnosis or treatment for any condition. The Health Family Tree is also intended to assist academics or researchers to better understand the human species, learn or confirm certain facts and make predictions about future trends. Thus, the more Family Health Tree Information is contributed, the better any potential results could be. It is not anticipated that the Health Family Tree related research will provide significant benefit impact to an individual participant, and research results based on the Health Family Tree Information may or may not be communicated by MyHeritage to you if you contribute such Health Family Tree Information.

MyHeritage will not charge users any fees to use the Health Family Tree, and there will be no financial compensation paid to such users. The Family Health Tree Information may benefit researchers and others in the future. If any commercial product is developed as a result of the Health Family Tree Information related research or its outcomes, there will be no financial benefit to you.

There is no physical risk in using the Health Family Tree. However, some of the Health Family Tree Information you will be asked to submit may make you uncomfortable. Such questions or topics may be skipped when providing Health Family Tree Information. The amount of Health Family Tree Information you choose to add to your Health Family Tree is up to you and adding such Health Family Tree Information is voluntary. While the Health Family Tree Information shared (through publication or with another entity) will never contain information that typically permits identification of an individual, such as a name or address, people may develop processes that would allow someone to re-identify the previously de-identified data. We apply a variety of controls to maintain the anonymity and integrity of our systems and to prevent such actions. However, as with other technological controls, there is no guarantee against unauthorized or nefarious actors. While there may be additional risks to submission of information that are currently unforeseeable, MyHeritage will continually work to prevent negative impact to our users. Your alternative is not to provide any Family Health Tree Information and not to use the Health Family Tree feature.

Before providing information about others, you must obtain any necessary consent from anyone about whom you want to provide Health Family Tree Information, or, if the person is a minor, the consent of the parent or guardian. The Health Family Tree is intended for use by adults. Minors are not authorized to use the Health Family Tree, and such use is a violation of this Agreement By submitting Health Family Tree Information about a minor, you represent that you are the minor’s parent or legal guardian, or that you have explicit permission from the minor’s parent or legal guardian.

We may enhance, change or discontinue the Health Family Tree feature at any time and in our discretion, without your consent, but your information may be kept and used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy. New features and topics may be added to the Health Family Tree on an ongoing basis. In such a case, we may send you an email as an update or an invitation to add more Health Family Information. You may edit or delete any portion or all of the Health Family Tree Information. Upon deletion, we will cease using your Health Family Tree Information in our research, and we will continue to provide you with the ability to use the Website or the Service as before. For more information please see the Privacy Policy.

Other Areas of the Website

As a Member, you are allowed to post content to other areas of the Website, such as the support forum and the MyHeritage Community area. You may also post comments on content submitted by other users. We reserve the right to remove any content or posting which we believe, in our sole discretion, is in breach of this Agreement in any way, with or without prior notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise.

MyHeritage Backup Service

MyHeritage provides an optional service for data backup available for an additional subscription fee. This backup service is subject to this Agreement, and additional terms and conditions specific for the backup service.

Limited Use License

You are hereby granted a license to use the Service and its content solely for personal use, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (the "License"). The Service is not intended nor licensed for any commercial use. We reserve the right to cancel any or all of the Service at any time. Downloading any or all portions of any functionality of the Service, or any part of the public areas of the Service, is prohibited. Online or other republication of content in the public areas is prohibited. Violation of this License may result in the immediate termination of your membership and may result in legal action for injunction, damages and/or any other equitable relief. You may use the Service and any software provided by the Service only while online and may not download, copy, reuse or distribute that software, except where it is clearly stated in connection with such software that it is made available for offline use and a license for that use is provided in connection with that software.

Copyrights

Except with respect to the DNA Services, as detailed above, by posting content on the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual and non-exclusive license to host, copy, post and distribute such content.

The integration of MyHeritage matching with our partners such as RootsMagic, Family Historian, Aldfaer and Coret Genealogie does not include posting of content. The information passed to us for matching from our partners' software and websites is never used by us for any purpose other than matching, and is never displayed publicly, sold or licensed by us to any third parties. We do not receive a license to such information and such information is not collected by us, and it is deleted automatically after matches are calculated. Users of our partners may receive Smart Matches (family tree matches) with our users, but such matches are not bi-directional: our users will not receive Smart Matches with the users of our partners, and will not be able to see their data.
All content posted on the Website, except for user-submitted content, DNA Results, DNA samples and the genetic information in the DNA Reports, is owned by us or by third parties who granted us a limited license in respect of such content. Content posted on family sites is owned by the person who created the content, is under the control of the family site manager into which it is submitted, and is hosted by us under the terms and conditions of the Agreement.

MyHeritage is protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and Israeli copyright laws, international conventions, and other applicable copyright laws.

You may not modify the application code powering our software and applications in any way. You will not undertake, cause, permit or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling or hacking any and all applications offered by us, any downloadable components, or any part thereof.

Fees and Payments

Subscriptions

MyHeritage offers payment-based subscription plans in addition to the basic free site plan, which include: Premium family site plan, PremiumPlus family site plan, Data plan and Complete plan.

All subscriptions are automatically renewing to ensure an uninterrupted service. This means that once you become a subscribing member, your subscription will be automatically renewed and your billing choice will be charged based on the subscription duration unless you opt out or cancel by following the instructions in this Agreement.
Due to US regulations, payment-based subscription plans and purchases are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria.

All physical goods and deliverable items purchased from us are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.

1. Opting Out of Renewal

You may opt out of renewing your subscription by logging in and utilizing the My Purchases page (choose the relevant plan, click "View details" and then click "Stop annual renewal") or by calling MyHeritage at +1-800-987-900 (toll-free number in the USA; see Contact Us page for additional phone numbers in other countries). If you do not let us know that you want to discontinue your subscription at least one day prior to the end of the current subscription period, the payment for the next renewal period of the subscription will be made.

2. Free Trial

Free trial subscriptions will be billed only at the end of the free trial period.
You may cancel a free trial at any time during the free trial period from the My Purchases page and incur no charge. On that page, choose "Data subscriptions", press "View details" and then choose "Stop free trial now".

3. Refund Policy

MyHeritage values the satisfaction of its customers and offers a thirty (30) day money back guarantee. If you are not satisfied with your purchased plan you may request a full refund by contacting Customer Support within thirty (30) days of the initial purchase date of the subscription.
The money back guarantee applies to MyHeritage subscriptions (Premium, PremiumPlus, Data or Complete), and not to shipped products such as MyHeritage DNA kits and family tree posters.
All refunds will be reimbursed to the original credit card with which the purchase was made. Please allow a reasonable time for the refund to be charged to your account.

4. Prices Subject to Change

Except in the case of monthly subscriptions, whenever your subscription is renewed, MyHeritage will inform you by email of the amount you were charged and of the next subscription renewal date. Subscription prices may be changed by MyHeritage at any time. In case of a change, the new prices will not affect the next renewal of your subscription, but only subsequent renewals. Users who do not wish to continue with their subscription due to a pricing change may opt out of renewal as described in this Agreement.

Payment for DNA Services

If you are not already registered with MyHeritage you will be required to register with MyHeritage when you proceed to order a DNA testing kit. Registration is free. You will need to retain your login details in order to access your DNA Results and DNA Reports on the Website.

1. Replacements

In the event that you experience any of the following, please contact us using the contact details shown in Section "Contact Us" below and we will mail you a new replacement DNA testing kit to the address we have on our records at the time of purchase, at no cost: 

The DNA testing kit has not reached your shipping destination within thirty (30) days of purchase. 
The DNA testing kit has not reached our lab within thirty (30) days from the day you sent it. 
You received a damaged DNA testing kit.
2. Cancellations and Refunds

If you choose to cancel the order of the DNA testing kit prior to the DNA sample being received at our lab, you are entitled to a refund. To cancel and claim your refund, you will need to contact us using the contact details shown in Section "Contact Us" below. The refund will include the DNA testing kit cost, but not the shipping cost. All refunds will be reimbursed to the original credit card with which the purchase was made. Please allow a reasonable time for the refund to be charged to your account. 

We will not issue refunds for DNA testing kits that are already being processed in our lab or for which processing has already been completed. Once a DNA sample has been sent to our lab and checked in, the full cost of the DNA testing kit is non-refundable. 

Note that scientific procedures may sometimes be delayed for a variety of reasons. Testing times may vary depending on lab volume and biological sample quality. Expected result dates are therefore predictions, and not a guarantee of delivery.

3. DNA Re-test Following Lab Processing Failure

If testing your DNA sample fails, we will mail you a new DNA testing kit at no additional cost so you can provide us with a new DNA sample. The DNA testing kit will be sent to the address we have on our records at the time of purchase.

4. Prices Subject to Change

Prices may be changed by MyHeritage at any time.

Disclaimers, Limitation on Liability and Indemnity

Disclaimers

a. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall MyHeritage, its officers, agents, representatives, employees, licensors and affiliates be responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information in connection with the Service, whether caused by users of the Website, members, our advertisers or corporate partners, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the operation of the Website or the Services. MyHeritage shall not be responsible for any implications of the DNA Results and/or DNA Reports whether or not they are correct or incorrect. 

b. MyHeritage and its licensors and affiliates are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any member or other user of the Website. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall we be responsible for any loss or damage, including lost data, lost information, personal injury or death, or privacy implication resulting from anyone's use of the Website or the Service, any information posted on the Website or transmitted to members or other users, or any interactions between or among members or other users of the Website, whether online or offline.
c. The information, products, and services included within the Service and the Website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein.

d. MyHeritage assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user or member communications; and is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of e-mail or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or at any website or combination thereof. MyHeritage and its affiliates are not responsible for any injury or damage to any computer equipment belonging to any user of the Website, any member, or any other person related to or resulting from use of the Website, viewing, playing or downloading any materials on or from the Website, or otherwise in connection with the Service.

e. The Service and the Website are provided "as-is" and "as available" and, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, MyHeritage expressly disclaims any warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement and satisfactory quality, or that the Website will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not guarantee any specific results from use of the Service. The Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, policies, or practices of any third-party websites. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or services. We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the Service or any hyperlinked website, or featured in any banner or other advertising. We will not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. We and our third party suppliers make no representations concerning the suitability, reliability or accuracy of the content provided by the Website for any purpose. In no case will we or our third party providers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special or other damages including, without limitation, lost profits, loss of data or any other damage in contract, tort, equity or any other legal theory, even if advised of the possibility thereof.

f. MyHeritage may in its sole discretion, but is not obligated to, preview, review, screen, remove, or edit the DNA Results and DNA Reports.

Limitation on Liability

In no event shall MyHeritage (or its third party suppliers) be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including damages arising from your use of or inability to use the Service or any portion thereof, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, our (or our third party suppliers') liability to you or any third party for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to us for the Service during the term of membership. We assume no liability resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content; (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Service; (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all information stored therein; (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; (v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through the Service; and/or (vi) any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of the Service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory. The foregoing limitations of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.

Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, this limitation may not apply in part to you. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS SERVICE, OR WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS SERVICE.

Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and any third party acting on our behalf, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or access to the Service, your violation of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or if any information that you post on the Website or otherwise submit to us or through the Service causes us to be liable to any third party.

Statute of Limitations with respect to the DNA Services

You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary (to the extent allowed by applicable law), any claim or cause of action, arising out of or related to use of the DNA Services or this Section, must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

Additional Member Terms

1. Registration and Security

A. As part of the registration process, you will submit your email address, full name and select a password. You must provide us with true, accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do so will constitute a breach of this Agreement. You understand that you may not (i) select or use a name or email address of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use the name or email address of any person other than yourself without authorization; (iii) enter an untrue birth year or birth date for yourself; or (iv) use a name or email address that we, in our sole discretion, deem improper or offensive.
B. You must be 13 years or older to use the Service, unless the laws of the country in which you are a resident or from which you are using the Service provide otherwise (For more information, see Section titled "Underage Users" below). Registering and logging in to the Website shall be deemed as confirmation that you are over the age of 13. If you are over the age of 13 but under the age of 18, you will be requested to submit written consent from a parent or legal guardian to use the Service (for more information, see Section titled "Minors" below).

C. You are responsible for all usage or activity on the Website via your password and for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. We will not require you to reveal your password to any of our representatives. Distribution of your password for access to the Website by others is expressly prohibited and shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. You shall notify us by regular mail or by email at privacy@myheritage.com of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your membership, or any known or suspected breach of security. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your membership, at our sole discretion, and you may be reported to the appropriate law enforcement agencies.

2. Modifications to this Agreement and the Service

We retain the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Agreement or the Service at any time. Changes in Service will be posted on the Website. If any portion of this Agreement or any change of this Agreement of the Service is unacceptable to you or will cause you to no longer be in compliance with this Agreement, you should discontinue use of the Service. Continued use of the Service now or following changes in this Agreement means that you have accepted and are bound by the changes. It is therefore important that you check the current version available from time to time and ensure you are updated as to any changes.

Whenever this Agreement is modified in substance, the label updated will be displayed prominently next to the link "Service Terms" that leads to this Agreement, in the footer of the pages of the Service. The updated label will be removed after 30 days or when you visit the updated Terms and Conditions to read them, whichever comes sooner.

3. Underage Users

Except with respect to DNA Services (see in the "Eligibility" Sub-Section under the Section "DNA Services" above) we require individuals to be at least 13 years old before they can create an account on MyHeritage. In some jurisdictions, the age limit may be higher. Providing false information to create an account is always a violation of this Agreement. This includes accounts registered on the behalf of under 13 year old children by older parties.

If your underage child (child under the age of 13) has created an account on MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete their account by having them log into their account, select "Account settings" from the Account menu in the top-right corner, then click "Delete my account". If you would like to report an account registered for an underage child to us, please email the details to us at privacy@myheritage.com. We will promptly delete the account of any child under the age of 13 that is reported to us.

In most jurisdictions, the Service (except for the DNA Services) requires individuals to be at least 13 years old before they can create an account. We strive to create a global service with consistent standards for everyone, but we also strive to respect local laws. In observance of laws in Spain, Israel and South Korea, we require individuals living there to be at least 14 years old before they can create an account and use the Service. If your underage child (child under the age of 14) living in Spain, Israel or South Korea has created an account on MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete their account by having them log into their account, select "Account settings" from the Account menu in the top-right corner, then click "Delete my account". If you would like to report an account registered for an underage child living in Spain, Israel or South Korea to us, please email the details to us at privacy@myheritage.com. We will promptly delete the account of any child under the age of 14 in Spain, Israel or South Korea that is reported to us.

4. Minors

Except with respect to DNA Services (see in the "Eligibility" Sub-Section under the Section "DNA Services" above), minors (people under the age of 18) can use the Service provided that they are not underage (see section on Underage Users above), and provided that they obtain the consent of their parent or guardian for their use of the Service ("Consent"). Minors must not use the Service without Consent until they reach the age of 18 or above.

In some countries, the Service may display a special mandatory parent/guardian consent form when a user determined to be a minor signs up or logs into the Service. In the consent form, a parent or guardian is required to enter their full name and email address and to check boxes that declare that they are a parent or guardian of the minor, accept this Agreement and the privacy policy of the Service, and take responsibility for the for user of the Service by the minor. If the consent form is displayed, the Service cannot be used until it is filled out. If the user is not a Minor, the form allows for the user to declare this and enter a correct year of birth. When the consent form is filled out and submitted, the Service will document the details of the Consent but will not make any further use of the details of the parent or guardian filled in the consent form.

Disputes and Governing Law

This Agreement and any dispute regarding the Service shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to conflict of law provisions, and you agree that any legal proceeding about the execution, performance and/or enforcement of this Agreement shall be brought exclusively to the courts located in Tel Aviv, Israel. You agree that the Service shall be deemed passive and will not give rise to personal jurisdiction over MyHeritage, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Israel. In the unlikely event that we have not been able to resolve a dispute we have with you after attempting to do so informally, all claims must be brought in each party's individual capacity and not as a representative plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, each of you and us waives the right to participate in a class action claim.

Entire Agreement

This Agreement, together with the MyHeritage Privacy Policy, the DNA Informed Consent Agreement (the "Informed Consent") and any other legal notices or terms published by MyHeritage on the Website (as applicable), shall constitute the entire agreement between you and MyHeritage concerning the Website and the Service. Our Failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement and/or the Informed Consent shall not be deemed as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. This Agreement and/or the Informed Consent operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of this Agreement and/or the Informed Consent is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and/or the Informed Consent and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void. If we provide you with a translation of the English language version of this Agreement, the English language version of this Agreement will prevail if there is any conflict.
Contact Us

You can contact us if you have any concerns or questions about this Agreement, the Website, the Service or any related topic, by writing to the address below or visit our Help Center.
Customer Support
MyHeritage Ltd.
PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 60250, Israel
https://www.myheritage.com


Myspace Services Terms of Use Agreement
Our Terms of Use Agreement has changed. Please click here for a summary of the changes.

The following constitutes the Myspace Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) and is legally binding and applies to your use of the Myspace Services (as further defined).

Effective Date: This Agreement was last revised on May 24, 2018.

PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR USE OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES AND INCLUDES: GRANTS OF RIGHTS (INCLUDING THE RIGHTS TO USE AND EXPLOIT YOUR MYSPACE CONTENT) TO US, LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY, CHOICE OF JURISDICTION (CALIFORNIA) AND GOVERNING LAW (CALIFORNIA), ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY, VIDEO PRIVACY POLICY, AND COOKIE POLICY, AND FOR CERTAIN USERS, AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES.

YOU SHOULD PRINT A COPY OF THESE TERMS OR SAVE THEM ON YOUR DEVICE IN THE EVENT THAT YOU NEED TO REFER TO THEM IN THE FUTURE. To print or download a copy of this Terms of Use Agreement, click here. To receive copies of this Terms of Use Agreement by e-mail, click here.

INTRODUCTION
Myspace LLC ("Myspace", "we", "our" or "us") operates Myspace®, a place where people come to connect, discover, and share. Showcasing artists and their work, Myspace gives people access to a massive digital music library. With roots in music and social, the platform is built to empower all artists—from musicians and designers to writers and photographers—helping them connect with audiences, collaborators, and partners to achieve their goals. Through an open design, compelling editorial features, and analytics-based recommendations, Myspace fosters a creative community of people who connect around mutual affinity and inspiration for the purpose of shaping, sharing, and discovering what’s next.

The services offered by Myspace include (i) those offered on any Myspace-branded URL, including www.myspace.com (the "Myspace Website"), (ii) Myspace music and video services, (iii) Myspace developer services, (iv) Myspace mobile services, (v) Myspace advertising services, and (vi) any other features, content, or applications offered or operated from time to time by Myspace in connection with Myspace’s business, including when Myspace is accessed via the internet, mobile device, television or other device (collectively, "Myspace Services"). The Myspace Services are hosted in the United States, and if you reside outside of the United States by using the Services you consent to the transfer of your personal data to the United States and elsewhere for all purposes identified in our Privacy Notice and/or Policy. If you do not agree to this international transfer of data, then you must refrain from using the Myspace Services. For more information, please see our Privacy Notice and Privacy Policy. The Myspace Services are operated by Myspace, a company with a mailing address of 6100 Center Dr., Suite 800, Los Angeles 90045, which is owned by the digital media company Viant Technology LLC (“VIANT”). (“VIANT”).

This Agreement constitutes legally binding terms and applies to such use of the Myspace Services regardless of the type of device used to access them (“Device”) unless such services post a different terms of use or end user license agreement, in which case that agreement (“Other Terms”) shall instead govern. By accessing and/or using any of the Myspace Services, you agree to be bound by this Agreement (or if applicable, the Other Terms), whether you are a “Visitor” (which means that you simply browse the Myspace Services, including, without limitation, through a mobile or other wireless Device, or otherwise use the Myspace Services without being registered) or you are a “Member” (which means that you have registered with Myspace). The term “User” refers to a Visitor or a Member. You are authorized to use the Myspace Services (regardless of whether your access or use is intended) only if you agree to abide by all applicable laws, rules and regulations (“Applicable Law”) and the terms of this Agreement. In addition, in consideration for becoming a Member and/or making use of the Myspace Services, you must indicate your acceptance of this Agreement during the registration process. Thereafter, you may create your account (your “Account”), and its associated profile(s) (each a “Profile”) in accordance with the terms herein.

In some instances, both this Agreement and separate guidelines, rules, or terms of service or sale setting forth additional or different terms and/or conditions will apply to your use of the Myspace Services or to a service or product offered via the Myspace Services (in each such instance, and collectively, “Additional Terms”). To the extent there is a conflict between this Agreement and any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control unless the Additional Terms expressly state otherwise. Please also review the terms of the Myspace Services’ Privacy Policy, Privacy Notice, Video Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy, which you accept by using the Myspace Services.

INFORMATION OR COMPLAINTS CONTACT DETAILS
You agree that: (1) we may give you notices of new, revised or changed terms and other important matters by prominently posting notice on the Myspace Website, or in another reasonable manner; and (2) we may contact you by mail or e-mail sent to the address provided by you. You agree to promptly notify us if you change your e-mail or mailing address by updating your Profile Settings.

If you would like to contact us for any further information or to make a complaint, please contact us at the Help Site.

SUMMARY OF KEY TERMS
It’s important that you read this entire Agreement; but, here are some of the more significant terms that we want to bring to your attention:

Each time you use the Myspace Services, the posted version of this Agreement (or Other Agreement) and any Additional Terms (defined below) apply to such use so you should check for any updates.

Myspace may terminate the Myspace Services and/or your Membership at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and without liability, except that you may have certain refund rights related to paid Myspace Services. (Sections 2 and 3)
You consent to our privacy practices and related cookie practices as set forth in our Privacy Policy, Video Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. This includes sharing of certain information about you with our Viant-affiliate companies and others, and for users who reside outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), includes for targeted, interest based advertising. Many of your activities on the Myspace Services may be viewable or shared with other Users and the general public, including when you interact with brands and ads. (Section 7.3)
You may only use the Myspace Content on the Myspace Services in connection with your permitted activities on the Myspace Services - and not in an offline environment or in connection with another website. (Section 6.6)
Myspace is providing the Myspace Services to you on an “as-is” basis, without any warranty of any kind, and Myspace’s liability to you in connection with your use of the Myspace Services is very limited. Many other limitations and disclaimers relate to your use of the Myspace Services. (Sections 14 and 15)
By using the Myspace Services, you grant us broad rights to use, exploit and disclose Content you post or make available via the Myspace Services, your profile and activity information, and your name, persona and likeness, as more fully explained below. You will not be entitled to compensation or attribution even if we or others profit from such use. (Section 6)Depending upon where you access the Myspace Services, many types of disputes that may arise in connection with your access to and use of the Myspace Services are subject to mandatory arbitration, which includes your waiver of a right to a jury trial, and a class action waiver. (Section 17).
These Terms of Use, and your use of the Myspace Services, are governed by California Law and any legal proceedings not subject to mandatory arbitration must be brought in state or federal court in Los Angeles, California. (Sections 17.3-17.4)
LINKABLE TABLE OF CONTENTS
It is important that you read and understand the entire Agreement before using the Myspace Services. However, this table of contents, and the summaries that follow each heading, further highlights key issues and points. You can click on the headings and links to be taken to the full explanation.

Eligibility
Use of the Myspace Services is subject to eligibility requirements. If you have not reached age of majority (18 in most of the U.S.) your parent or guardian must consent to your use. More

Term, Terms and Termination
The term of this Agreement (or if applicable Other Agreement and/or Additional Terms), in the form posted at the time of use, shall govern your use of the Myspace Services. Either you or we may terminate your Membership. More

Fees, Offers and Refunds
We may charge fees for use of the Myspace Services, which may change from time to time, and which may be subject to Additional Terms. Terms of offers may change and we may refuse or cancel orders. You may have refund rights in some cases. More

Password
You are responsible for your password and account usage. More

Use by Members
Myspace Services may only be used as authorized, and commercial use is restricted. More

Proprietary Rights in Content on Myspace
You grant us broad rights to use and exploit Content you post or make available via the Myspace Services, your profile and activity information, and your name, persona and likeness, as more fully explained below. You will not be entitled to compensation or attribution even if we or others profit from such use. However, you remain the owner and fully responsible for your Content and for ensuring that its use in connection with the Myspace Services do not violate any third party rights or any law. Your right to use Myspace Content, User Content and Third Party Content is very limited and revocable. More

Content Posted
You are responsible for Content you post, and we are not responsible for Content other users post. You can report inappropriate Content you identify on the Myspace Services to us. Some of your activities on the Myspace Services, may be viewable or shared with other Users and may be associated with advertising, including your content consumption (e.g., watching a video) and when you interact with brands and ads. More

Content/Activity Prohibited
Your use of the Myspace Services, including Content you post, is subject to rules designed to prohibit inappropriate Content and user activities. Review and follow these rules. More

Profiles and Profile Settings
Individuals and artists that are Members may set up profiles, subject to certain rules. From time to time we may offer certain functionality to allow you to express privacy, communication and other preferences, which we will make a good faith effort to honor. More

Protecting Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property
You may not use the Myspace Services in a manner that violates other’s intellectual property rights. If you are an intellectual property owner that believes its rights are being infringed by a use of the Myspace Services, you can contact us. More

Linking
You may link to us subject to certain rules. We may provide links to third party sites and services, but we are not responsible for third party sites or services or their content. More

Member Disputes
We are not responsible for your disputes with other members, but may elect to become involved. More

Privacy and Communications
By using the Myspace Services, you consent to the collection and use of your data in accordance with the Privacy Policy, and Video Privacy Policy including for advertising, and agree that Myspace may change, alter, or modify the settings or configurations on your Device in order to allow for or optimize your use of the Myspace Services. More

Disclaimers
You use the Myspace Services on an “As Is” basis and we disclaim any warranties, express or implied, as permitted by law. More

Limitation on Liability
Our potential liability to you is highly limited. More

U.S. Export Controls
Access to the Myspace Services and our software is limited by U.S. export laws. More

Arbitration and No Class Relief
To the maximum extent permitted by the mandatory laws in your place of residence, you agree to arbitrate most disputes, waive jury trial and class action rights and limit the time in which your claims must be brought. More

Other Dispute Resolution where Arbitration is Not Applicable
If and to the extent that arbitration is not a permitted form of dispute resolution pursuant to the mandatory laws of your place of residence, then you agree that the provisions of Section 18 shall apply to the resolution of any disputes or claims. More

Indemnity and Waiver of Injunctive Relief
You must indemnify us for many types of claims and losses arising out of your use of the Myspace Services. You waive the right to seek injunctive or equitable relief, but acknowledge that we may seek that type of relief. More

Wireless
Wireless carrier charges may apply and location based services you enable are at your own risk. You can uninstall our applications to terminate service. More

Operation of Myspace Services; Availability of Products and Services; International Issues
Myspace Services are intended for a United States audience. More

Software End User License Agreement
When you use our Software, you agree to certain terms and conditions. More

Other
You agree to various other terms and conditions. More

AGREEMENT
Eligibility
Use of the Myspace Services and registration to be a Member for the Myspace Services (“Membership”) is void where prohibited and subject to compliance with Applicable Law, this Agreement and any applicable Additional Terms. By using the Myspace Services, you represent and warrant that (a) other than as authorized in the Non-Standard Profile terms in Section 9 below, all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; (c) for Users who reside outside of the EEA, if you are 13 years of age or older but not of the age of majority where you reside, you will only use the Myspace Services with parental or legal guardian consent (following their review of this Agreement); and (d) your use of the Myspace Services does not violate any Applicable Law. You may not create an Account for anyone other than yourself without the other person’s permission. Your Account will be deleted and your Membership may be terminated without warning, if we believe that you have misrepresented your age or identity to us in a manner that violates this Agreement or is unlawful. Registered sex offenders and those convicted of violent crimes are not eligible for Membership. As a result of recent changes to the European Data Protection Laws, we are no longer able to offer Memberships to Users under 16 years of age who reside in the EEA.

Term, Terms and Termination
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE TERMS OF THIS TERMS OF USE AGEEMENT ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE BY MYSPACE IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AT ANY TIME, AND WE MAY CEASE OFFERING THE MYSPACE SERVICES AT ANY TIME. When changes are made, Myspace will make a new copy of the Terms of Use Agreement available at the Myspace Website and any new terms will be made available from within, or through, the Myspace Website. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Terms of Use Agreement. If we make any material changes and you are a Member, we will also send an e-mail to you at the last e-mail address you provided to us in accordance with the Terms herein. Any changes to the Terms of Use Agreement will be effective immediately for new visitors of the Myspace Website and will be effective thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the MySpace Website for existing Members, provided that any material changes shall be effective for Members upon the earlier of thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the Myspace Website or thirty (30) days after dispatch of an e-mail notice of such changes to Members. Myspace may require you to provide consent to the updated Terms of Use Agreement in a specified manner before further use of the Myspace Services is permitted. If you do not agree to any change(s) after receiving a notice of such change(s), you shall stop using the Myspace Services. Otherwise, your continued use of Myspace Services constitutes your acceptance of such change(s). The Myspace Services currently only support the MP4 media file format. We are not responsible for the ongoing integrity, accessibility, or usability of any uploaded files so please back up any data you upload to the Myspace Website.

You may terminate your Membership at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions in your Profile Settings (discussed further in Section 9). Myspace may terminate the Myspace Services and/or your Membership at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and without liability, except that you may have certain refund rights as provided in the next section. Further, we may deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Myspace Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, without liability, except that you may have certain refund rights as provided in the next section.

In addition, Myspace reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reassign or rename your username and/or Profile URL and to allow indexing of such URL by third party search engines. Myspace expressly reserves the right to remove your Profile or Content, in whole or in part, and/or deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Myspace Services, if Myspace determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated this Agreement, are acting in a manner we deem inappropriate for the Myspace Services, or pose a threat to Myspace, its employees, business partners, Users and/or the public. Even after Membership is terminated, or you cease using the Myspace Services, some terms of your Agreement with Myspace will remain in effect, including, without limitation, Sections 5-23, except as may be mutually agreed (e.g., acceptance of Other Terms). Myspace also retains the right to delete your profile and any content therein if it remains inactive for two years or longer, but may elect to retain the information for a reasonable time thereafter in the event you decide to reactivate it.

Fees, Offers and Refunds
You acknowledge that Myspace reserves the right to charge for any portion of the Myspace Services and to change its fees (if any) from time to time in its discretion on a prospective basis. We may offer customer support services from time to time, but are not obligated to do so. Customer support representatives do not have the authority to bind us or to change or waive our rights under this Agreement or any Additional Terms.

Password
When you sign up to become a Member, you will also be asked to choose a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You agree not to use the Account, username, email address or password of another Member at any time or to disclose your password to any third party. You agree to notify Myspace immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your Account or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your Account.

Use by Members
The Myspace Services are for the personal use of Members and Users and may only be used for direct commercial purposes if they are specifically endorsed or authorized by Myspace. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Myspace permits artists (e.g., musicians, actors, comedians, etc.) to create Profiles and post Content that promote the artist’s or artists’ professional endeavors or commercial activities (to the extent that they are not competitive with the Myspace Services) and any such use of the Myspace Services for such purposes is not considered a commercial use of the Myspace services in violation of this Agreement. Myspace reserves the right to remove commercial content in its sole discretion. Without limiting the generality of the commercial use restrictions, the unauthorized collection of usernames, user id numbers or similar designation, and/or email addresses of Members by electronic or other means, or employing third party promotional sites or software to promote Profiles for money, is prohibited. Commercial advertisements, endorsements, affiliate links, and other forms of unauthorized data collection or solicitation may be removed from Profiles without notice or explanation and may result in termination of Membership privileges.

 maintain the Myspace Services in a manner we deem appropriate for our venue and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Myspace may, but will not have any obligation to, review, monitor, display, reject, refuse to post, store, maintain, accept or remove any Content (as further defined below) posted (including, without limitation, private Myspace messages, public comments, public group chat messages, private group chat messages or private instant messages (collectively, “Messages”)) by you, and Myspace may, in its sole discretion, delete, move, re-format, remove or refuse to post or otherwise make use of Content without notice or any liability to you or any third party in connection with our operation of Content venues in an appropriate manner. Without limitation, we may do so to address Content that comes to our attention that we believe is offensive, obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, threatening, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate, or to enforce the rights of third parties or the Agreement or any applicable Additional Terms, including, without limitation, the Content restrictions set forth below in Section 8.

Proprietary Rights in Content on Myspace
Myspace does not claim any ownership rights in the text, Messages, files, images, photos, video, sounds, musical works, sound recordings, works of authorship, applications, or any other materials (collectively, “Content”) that you transmit, submit, display or publish (“post”) on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services. After posting your Content on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services, you continue to retain any such rights that you may have in your Content, subject to the limited license granted herein. By posting any Content on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services, you hereby grant to Myspace a limited license to use, modify, delete from, add to, combine with other content, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, transmit, sell, distribute, and otherwise exploit such Content by all means and manners now or later known, including, without limitation, on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services to third party applications; widgets; websites; or mobile, desktop or other services which are linked with your Account at your election (collectively, “Linked Services”), including, without limitation, distributing part or all of the Myspace Services and any Content included therein, in any media formats and through any media channels. Content submitted by Users and authorized by the User to be distributed on Linked Services need not be maintained on the Myspace Services by us for any period of time, and Users will not have the right, once submitted, to access, archive, maintain or otherwise use such Content on the Myspace Services or elsewhere. The license you grant is perpetual; provided, however, that after you remove your Content from the Myspace Services, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to remove such specific deleted Content from further distribution on the Myspace Services, as soon as practicable but, please be aware that any distribution of your Content that may have occurred by you or other Users via Linked Services, or otherwise (e.g., posted on third party User’s Profiles, sent by you to other Users, contributed to a mashup of Content from multiple Users, etc.) may continue to be displayed, distributed and used. Further, deleted Content may persist in archival copies on Myspace servers for a reasonable period of time. You understand and agree that once Content is distributed to a Linked Service, or incorporated into other aspects of the Myspace Services (e.g., as part of a derivative work), Myspace is under no obligation to delete or ask other Users or a Linked Service to delete that Content; therefore, it may continue to appear and be used indefinitely.

The license you grant to Myspace is non-exclusive (meaning you are free to license your Content to anyone else in addition to Myspace), fully-paid and royalty-free (meaning that Myspace is not required to pay you or anyone else deriving rights from you for the use by Myspace of the Content that you post), sublicensable (so that Myspace is able to use its affiliates, subcontractors and other partners such as Internet content delivery networks and wireless carriers to provide the Myspace Services and, subject to good faith efforts to honor your Profile Settings, to third party search engines), and worldwide (because the Internet and the Myspace Services are global in reach). You also hereby grant to Myspace, and agree to grant to Myspace, the unconditional, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, fully-paid and royalty free right to use, share and exploit your name, persona, and likeness, and your Profile information and information about your activities on the Myspace Services (including, without limitation, your activities in connection with our sponsors and advertisers), without any obligation or remuneration to you. However, from time to time we may offer you choices regarding how information about you is shared and we will make good faith efforts to honor your elections. For more information, see Profile Settings. Except as prohibited by law, you hereby waive, and you agree to waive, any moral rights (including attribution and integrity) that you may have in any Content. To the extent not waivable, you irrevocably agree not to exercise such rights (if any) in a manner that interferes with any exercise of the rights granted hereunder. You understand that you will not receive any fees, sums, consideration, or remuneration for any of the rights granted in this Section 6. If you are a minor, you represent and warrant that your parent or legal guardian has consented to you granting the rights as set forth in this Section 6, or that are provided in any Additional Terms.

Each time you submit any Content, you represent and warrant that you are at least the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside or are the parent or legal guardian, or have all proper consents from the parent or legal guardian, of any minor (including yourself) who is depicted in or contributed to any Content you submit, and that, as to that Content: (i) you are the sole author and/or owner of the Content posted by you on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services, or otherwise have the lawful right to grant the license set forth in this Section 6 or that is provided in any Additional Terms, all without any Myspace obligation to obtain consent of any third party and without creating any obligation or liability of Myspace, (ii) the Content is accurate (other than as authorized in Section 8 or any Additional Terms); (iii) the posting of your Content on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services and/or Linked Services does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, intellectual property rights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity; and (iv) the Content will not violate this Agreement (including the prohibitions in Section 8 or any Additional Terms, or cause injury or harm to any person. You agree to pay all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person or entity by reason of the use of any Content posted by you on or through the Myspace Services and/or Linked Services.

Except as otherwise described in the applicable Myspace Services’ posted Privacy Policy, or any Additional Terms, you agree that (a) your Content will be treated as non-confidential - regardless of whether you mark them “confidential,” “proprietary,” or the like - and will not be returned, and (b) Myspace does not assume any obligation of any kind to you or any third party with respect to your Content. Certain content related to classic Myspace accounts (messages, comments, blogs, games, posts, and customizable background art) is no longer available for retrieval or download. Audio files that were uploaded over three years ago and flash video files are also no longer available for retrieval or download. Upon Myspace’s request, you will furnish us with any documentation necessary to substantiate the rights to such Content and to verify your compliance with this Agreement and any applicable Additional Terms. You acknowledge that the internet, and the technology of Myspace and third parties used to enable it, may be subject to breaches of security and that you are aware that submissions of Content may not be secure, and you will consider this before submitting any Content.

In your communications with Myspace, please keep in mind that we do not seek any unsolicited ideas or materials for products or services, or even Myspace improvements to products or services, such as ideas, concepts, inventions, or designs for musical productions or equipment, books, scripts, screenplays, motion pictures, television shows, theatrical productions, or webisodes (collectively, “Unsolicited Ideas and Materials”). Any Unsolicited Ideas and Materials you post on or send to us (via the Myspace Services or otherwise) are deemed User Content and licensed to us as set forth in this Section 6. In addition, Myspace retains all of the rights held by members of the general public with regard to your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials. Myspace’s receipt of your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials is not an admission by Myspace of their novelty, priority, or originality, and it does not impair Myspace’s right to contest existing or future intellectual property rights relating to your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials.

The Myspace Services contain Content owned by Myspace (“Myspace Content”). Myspace Content is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, and Myspace owns and retains all rights in the Myspace Content and the Myspace Services. Myspace hereby grants you a limited, revocable, nonsublicensable license to reproduce and display the Myspace Content (excluding any software code) solely for your personal use (and for the promotional uses permitted to artists hereunder) in connection with viewing the Myspace Website and using the Myspace Services, and in connection with standard search engine activity or use of a standard Internet browser (e.g., for making cache copies). From time to time, Myspace may make available to Users certain explicitly designated Myspace Content for Users use as part of User Content (defined below) (“Myspace Licensed Elements”), but only for such purposes as may be explicitly stated at the time that the Myspace Licensed Elements are made available on the Myspace Services; but we and our licensors and certain other third parties, as the case may be, retain ownership of such Myspace Licensed Elements. The foregoing limited license: (i) does not give you any ownership of, or any other intellectual property interest in, any Myspace Content, and (ii) may be immediately suspended or terminated for any reason, in Myspace’s sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. In some instances, we may permit you to have greater access to and use of Myspace Content and/or Myspace Licensed Elements, subject to certain Additional Terms. You are only granted a limited license, and, as between you and Myspace, there is not a sale with respect to Myspace Content.

The Myspace Services contain Content of Users (“User Content”). Except as otherwise provided within this Agreement, or in any Additional Terms, you may not copy, download, communicate, make available, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, sell or otherwise use any User Content appearing on or through the Myspace Services.

The Myspace Services contain Content of third party licensors that are not Users (such licensors, “Third Party Licensors” and such content “Third Party Content”). Third Party Content is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, and each Third Party Licensor retains rights in its Third Party Content. Subject to any applicable Additional Terms, you are hereby granted a limited, revocable, non-sublicensable license to view, or listen to, as applicable, the Third Party Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use in connection with viewing and using the Myspace Services and in connection with standard search engine activity or use of a standard Internet browser (e.g., for making cache copies). Except for the foregoing limited license, and except as otherwise expressly provided in writing by Myspace, you are granted no right, title or interest in any Third Party Content. You are only granted a limited license, and, as between you and Myspace, there is not a sale with respect to Third Party Content. Except as otherwise provided within this Agreement or applicable Additional Terms, or directly authorized by Myspace and/or a Third Party Licensor on the Myspace Services (e.g., as part of a promotion that encourages you to download specific Third Party Content for your use in connection with such promotion), you may not copy, download, communicate, make available, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, sell or otherwise use any Third Party Content (except as may be a result of standard search engine activity or use of a standard Internet browser).

Myspace reserves the right to limit the storage capacity of Content that you post on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services.

This Agreement and any Additional Terms include only narrow, limited grants of rights to Myspace Content and to use and access the Myspace Services. No right or license may be construed, under any legal theory, by implication, estoppel, industry custom, or otherwise. All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by Myspace and its licensors and other third parties. Any goodwill that is created in connection with your use of Myspace Content or the Myspace Services inures to Myspace. Any unauthorized use of any Myspace Content or the Myspace Services for any purpose is prohibited.

Content Posted
Please choose carefully the information that you post on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services and that you provide to other Users. Your Profile may not include any form of Prohibited Content, as outlined in Section 8 below. Despite this prohibition, information, materials, products or services provided by other Myspace Members (for instance, in their Profiles) or Linked Services may, in whole or in part, be unauthorized, impermissible or otherwise violate this Agreement, and Myspace assumes no responsibility or liability for this material. If you become aware of misuse of the Myspace Services by any person or Linked Service, please visit our Help Site or, if available, click on the Profile, image, video, comment or other item to report the Content directly to our support team.

Myspace may reject, refuse to post or delete any Content that, in the sole judgment of Myspace, violates this Agreement, is inappropriate for the Myspace Services or which may be offensive, illegal or violates the rights of any person or entity, or harms or threatens the safety of any person or entity. However, we are not obligated to take any action not required by law. Myspace, may, but assumes no responsibility or obligation for reviewing or monitoring the Myspace Services for inappropriate Content or conduct. If at any time Myspace chooses, in its sole discretion, to review or monitor the Myspace Services, Myspace nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Content, and no responsibility for the conduct of the User submitting any such Content.

You are solely responsible for the Content that you post on, through or in connection with any of the Myspace Services and/or Linked Services, and any material or information that you transmit to other Members and for your interactions with other Users. Any breach by you of this Section 7 will be subject to the indemnification obligations set forth in Section 19 below. We reserve the right to request at any time proof of the permissions referred to above in a form acceptable to us. Failure to provide such proof may lead to, among other things, the Content in question being removed from the Myspace Services.

The Myspace Services are a community and inherently a social media experience. Subject to our good faith efforts to honor your election of certain options we may offer from time to time that may offer you certain choices regarding what is shared and with whom, your activities, Content and Content consumption (including videos and music) may be viewable by, or shared with, others on and off of the Myspace Services, including advertisers. You consent to this, and irrevocably grant us the sublicensable right to use and exploit your name, persona, likeness, pseudonym, Profile picture, information and Content, and to share it with others, without any obligation or remuneration to you. This may include, without limitation, associating you with commercial, sponsored or related content (such as a brand you like or the sponsors of an ad you click on). As examples, if you listen to a song by an artist, or become their fan, other Users may be told that and we may serve you ads for other artists or Content you might like. If you are not the age of majority where you reside, you represent and warrant that your parent or guardian has read this section and consented and agreed on your behalf.

For more information on social ads, social media consumption activity notifications and other activity notifications, and your options regarding them, and on how to opt-out of certain third-party ad serving, see our Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy.

Content/Activity Prohibited
We limit use of the Myspace Services to Content and activities that are appropriate, in our discretion, to our venue. The following are examples, without limitation, of the kind of Content or activities that are illegal, or prohibited to post on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services (“Prohibited Content”). Myspace reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate action (which may include taking legal action) against anyone who, in Myspace’s sole discretion, violates this provision, including, without limitation, removing the offending Content from the Myspace Services, terminating the Membership of such violators and/or reporting such Content or activities to law enforcement authorities. Myspace may seek to gather information from the Member who is suspected of violating these Terms and from any other Member, and will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any emails, or publishing or otherwise making available any Content that is believed to violate these Terms. BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS MYSPACE FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY MYSPACE DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUNCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER MYSPACE OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

Prohibited Content includes, but is not limited to, Content that, in the sole discretion of Myspace:

is patently offensive or promotes or otherwise incites racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;,
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains nudity, excessive violence, or offensive subject matter or links to an adult website;
solicits or is designed to solicit personal information from anyone under age 13;
solicits or is designed to solicit an inappropriate or unlawful relationship with another User;
publicly posts information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person (including, for example, by publicly posting any person’s contact information on the Myspace Services without authorization);
other than as authorized in the Non-Standard Profile terms in Section 9 below, constitutes or promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
constitutes or promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person’s copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music, video or links to pirated music or video files;
involves the transmission of “junk mail,” “chain letters,” or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, or “spamming”;
contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
furthers, promotes or depicts any illegal or criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information
about illegal activities including, but not limited to, making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone’s privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
depicts firearms or other weapons that is not related to sportsman activities;
solicits or is designed to solicit passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users;
involves commercial activities (beyond the limited ability of Artists to promote themselves as specifically provided herein) and/or sales without prior written consent from Myspace such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
includes a photograph or video of another person that you have posted without that person’s consent;
uses sexually suggestive imagery or any unfair, misleading or deceptive Content intended to draw traffic to the profile; or
violates or attempts to violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
Prohibited Content, including unauthorized commercial advertisements, endorsements, affiliate links, and other forms of unauthorized data collection or solicitation may be removed from Profiles without notice or explanation.

The following are examples of the kind of activity that is illegal or prohibited on the Myspace Website and through your use of the Myspace Services (“Prohibited Activity”). Prohibited Activity on, through, or in connection with the Myspace Services includes, but is not limited to:

criminal or tortious activity, including, but not limited to, child pornography, fraud, trafficking in obscene material, drug dealing, gambling, harassment, defamation, stalking, spamming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, copyright infringement, patent infringement, trademark infringement, or theft of trade secrets;
advertising to, or solicitation of, any Member to buy or sell any products or services through the unauthorized or impermissible use of the Myspace Services (excluding use of the Myspace Services by Artists to create Profiles and post Content that promote the Artist’s professional endeavors consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement). You may not transmit any chain letters, junk email or unsolicited commercial or inappropriate Messages to other Members. In order to protect our Members from such advertising or solicitation, Myspace reserves the right to restrict the number of Messages which a Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number which Myspace deems appropriate in its sole discretion. If you breach this Agreement and send or cause to send (directly or indirectly) unsolicited bulk Messages or other unauthorized commercial communications of any kind through the Myspace Services, you acknowledge that you will have caused substantial harm to Myspace, but that the amount of such harm would be extremely difficult to ascertain. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, as a reasonable estimation of such harm, you agree to pay Myspace Fifty Dollars ($50) for each actual or intended recipient of such unsolicited Message or other unauthorized commercial communication you send through the Myspace Services;
unless permitted by law, circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person in circumventing or modifying any security technology or software that is part of the Myspace Services;
activity that involves the use of viruses, bots, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of or access to a computer or a computer network;
except as may be permitted by Additional Terms or our intended use of functionality made available by us to you on the Myspace Services, modifying, copying, distributing, downloading, scraping or transmitting in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, any Content from the Myspace Services (other than your Content which you legally post on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services) or as may be the result of standard search engine activity or use of a standard Internet browser;
providing or using “tracking” or monitoring functionality in connection with the Myspace Services, including, without limitation, to identify other Users’ views, actions or other activities on the Myspace Services;
covering or obscuring the advertisements and/or safety features (e.g., reporting functionality) on your Profile, or any portion of any Myspace Services or Content on the Myspace Services via HTML/CSS or any other means;
any automated use of the Myspace Services, including but not limited to, using scripts or other code to connect to Profiles, send comments, or perform any other activity on the Myspace Services;
interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the Myspace Services or the networks or services connected to the Myspace Services;
impersonating or attempting to impersonate Myspace or a Myspace employee, administrator or moderator, another Member, or person or entity (including, without limitation, the use of email addresses associated with or of any of the foregoing), excepting the permitted use of Non-Standard Profiles as set forth in Section 9;
for band, comedy, filmmaker and other Profiles containing a Myspace player, copying the code for your Myspace Player and embedding it (or directing others to embed it), hosting or posting it anywhere other than in your Profile (except as where may be permitted through Additional Terms);
using the Account, username, or password of another Member at any time or disclosing your password to any third party or permitting any third party to access your Account;
selling or otherwise transferring your Profile, username, vanity URL (which all belong to Myspace and is licensed to you pursuant to the license set forth in Section 6);
using or distributing any information obtained from the Myspace Services in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person or entity, or attempting to do the same;
the unauthorized collection of usernames, user id numbers or similar designation, email addresses or other personal information of Members by electronic or other means, or employing third party promotional sites or software to promote Profiles for money;
displaying an unauthorized commercial advertisement on your Profile, or accepting payment or anything of value from a third person in exchange for your performing any commercial activity through the Myspace Services on behalf of that person, such as placing commercial content on your Profile; links to e-commerce sites not authorized by Myspace; posting comments with a commercial purpose; selecting a Profile with a commercial purpose as one of your top connections; or sending Messages with a commercial purpose (excluding use of the Myspace Services by artists to create Profiles and post Content that promote the artist’s professional endeavors consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement);
using invalid or forged headers to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted to or through Myspace’s computer systems, or otherwise misrepresenting yourself or the source of any Message or Content;
using any automated system, including, but not limited to, robot, both rover, spider, scraper, crawler, spyware, scripts, engine, device, software, extraction tool in order to monitor, harvest, copy or distribute (except as may be a result of standard search engine activity or use of a standard Internet browser) Content, Messages, email addresses or other personal information of Members, or other data from the Myspace Services for the purposes of sending unsolicited or unauthorized material, selling to data aggregators or similar entities, or revealing personal information publicly;
engaging in, either directly or indirectly, or encouraging others to engage in, click-throughs generated through any manner that could be reasonably interpreted as coercive, incentivized, misleading, malicious, or otherwise fraudulent;
the unauthorized posting of any private information of any person;
offering to sell, barter or trade, or selling, bartering or trading for your vote in any aspect of the Myspace Services that provides a voting functionality;
modifying, adapting, translating, altering, reverse engineering, copying, decompiling, reverse assembling, disassembling, unencrypting, unhashing, or creating derivative works (as defined by the U.S. Copyright Act) or improvements (as defined by U.S. patent law) from any portion of the Myspace Services or the data or technology underlying their operation; or
using the Myspace Services in a manner inconsistent with this Agreement or Applicable Law.
Profiles and Profile Settings
Myspace may allow you to create multiple Profiles associated with your Account on certain aspects of, or all of the Myspace Services. Examples of such Profiles are “Real Name Profiles”, “Alias Profiles”, “Parody Profiles”, “Role Playing Profiles”, “Fan Profiles”, “Artist Profiles”, or other Profiles that Myspace may authorize from time to time. We may offer you, from time to time, the ability to choose how you share or make your Profile, or aspects of it, available to others by means of “Profile Settings”, which functionality may change as the Myspace Services evolve. Myspace currently makes all Profiles of Members aged 18 and older public by default. Profiles of Members whose ages are 13 to 17 are currently “restricted” by default, as further detailed in the Privacy Policy. You may adjust the public or restricted status of your Profile in your Profile Settings. We will make good faith efforts to honor Profile Settings, but are not responsible for errors and reserve the right to change the way Settings and preferences work from time to time, so visit your Profile Settings regularly to ensure that the reflect your preferences and to see how we may have added or changed how you can exercise choice. For more information on how to use Profile Settings, and how they are intended to work, click here. You may not use any Profile for purpose of impersonation, deception or confusion.

Real Name Profiles. You may create a Profile in which your activities on the Myspace Services are associated with your real name (each, a “Real Name Profile”), and you agree and acknowledge that any risk associated with such Real Name Profiles are borne solely by you.
Alias Profiles. An Alias Profile allows you to create an alternate public-facing profile as an alternative to a Real Name Profile, which publicly displays your real name in association with your Profile and activities on the Myspace Services. For example, you might decide that in an Alias Profile, your username or full name for that Profile is a nickname or other made up name.
Parody, Role Playing and Fan Profiles. Myspace may allow you to create profiles for the purpose of parody, role playing, or being a fan (collectively, Parody, Role Playing and Fan Profiles are known as “Non-Standard Profiles”). You are allowed to create Non-Standard Profiles, but you must indicate in the Non-Standard Profile that Non-Standard Profile will be used for the Non-Standard Profile purposes, by including a statement of this fact in the about section of your Profile (e.g., “This is a parody Profile.”, or similar language). You must also ensure that the full name that you choose for the Non-Standard Profile includes some indication that the Non-Standard Profile is being used in a parody, role-playing, fan or other manner than as a true and veritable Account of an actual living person. For example, if you want to create a Non-Standard Profile for the purpose of (i) role playing, you should add “-roleplay” to the end of the desired full name; (ii) fanning, you should add “-fan” to the end of the desired full name; (iii) parody or farce, you should add “-fake”, “-parody”, or “-joke” to the end of the desired full name. You must not use a Non-Standard Profile for purposes of impersonation, deception or confusion.
Artist Profiles. Myspace may allow you to create a Profile specifically designed for artists (each an “Artist Profile”), for example, musicians, comedians, or other artists. Myspace may provide Artist Profiles with features and functionality not available to other Profile types, and you must not use an Artist Profile if you are not legitimately an artist.
Suspension or Termination. Myspace may suspend or terminate Profiles, and/or the Membership of Accounts associated with them, in the event they do not comply with this Agreement, or for any other or no reason. Individuals and artists that are Members may set up profiles, subject to certain rules. From time to time we may offer certain functionality to allow you to express privacy, communication and other preferences, which we will make a good faith effort to honor.
Protecting Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property
Myspace respects the intellectual property of others, and requires that our Users and Members do the same. You may not upload, embed, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other proprietary rights of any person or entity. It is Myspace’s policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, the Membership of repeat or substantial infringers. If you believe your work has been copied and posted on or through the Myspace Services in a way that constitutes copyright and/or trademark infringement, please see the Copyright Infringement Notice Form and the Trademark Infringement Notice Form where you may notify Myspace of your complaint. More information about copyright and trademark can be found here.

Linking
Linked Services.
Linked Services created by third party developers may be available on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services. Linked Services include applications, websites, desktop, wireless, mobile and other services available from third parties which can be installed onto your Profile, or elsewhere on the Myspace Services, shared with other Users on the Myspace Services, otherwise accessed via the Myspace Services, or which may link to your Profile from outside of the Myspace Services. Linked Services may use your Profile information, friends and/or other Profile Content on the Linked Service and share activity events between Myspace and the Linked Service (depending on the features the Linked Service chooses to make available). We may offer you certain ability to control what is initially shared with Linked Services through your Profile Settings, or permission options otherwise made available to you (e.g., when downloading, accessing or activating Linked Services), and we will use good faith efforts to honor those choices.

Third parties that offer Linked Services may also provide you with certain options and choices, but keep in mind that when you engage with a Linked Service, you are interacting with a third party, not with Myspace. Myspace does not control the third party, and cannot dictate its actions. If you choose to use a Linked Service, the Linked Service may collect, store, use and share your data in accordance with the terms of service and privacy policy of and your privacy settings (if any) on such Linked Service (not Myspace’s privacy settings or privacy policy). In addition, the third party providing the Linked Service may use other parties to provide portions of the application or service to you, such as technology, development or payment services. Myspace may have limited control or no control at all over the content, operations, policies, terms, or other elements of Linked Service, and Myspace does not assume any obligation to review any Linked Service. Myspace does not endorse, approve, or sponsor any Linked Service, or any third-party content, advertising, information, materials, products, services, or other items. Myspace is not responsible for the quality or delivery of the products or services offered, accessed, obtained by or advertised at such Linked Services and makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the Linked Services or the providers of such Linked Services (including, but not limited to, the privacy practices thereof). Myspace encourages you not to provide any personally identifiable information to any Linked Service unless you know and are comfortable with the third party with whom you are interacting. Finally, Myspace will under no circumstances be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental or special loss or other damages, whether arising from negligence, breach of contract, defamation, infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights, caused by the exhibition, distribution or exploitation of any information or content contained within Linked Services. Any activities you engage in with any of the same, including but not limited to the provision of Content or data to them, are subject to the privacy and other policies, terms and conditions of use, and rules issued by the operator of the Linked Service so we encourage you to review them carefully.

Hyperlinks to Myspace. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable license to create hyperlinks to the Myspace Services, so long as: (a) the links only incorporate text, and do not use any trademarked logos or graphics that are owned by or licensed to Myspace, without Myspace’s prior authorization, (b) the links and the content on your website do not suggest any affiliation with Myspace or cause any other confusion, and (c) the links and the content on your website do not portray Myspace or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter, and do not contain content that is unlawful, offensive, obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, threatening, harassing, or abusive, or that violate any right of any third party or are otherwise objectionable to Myspace. Myspace reserves the right to suspend or prohibit linking to the Myspace Services for any reason, in its sole discretion, without advance notice or any liability of any kind to you or any third party.

Ads, Affiliate Programs, and Links. Myspace may participate in various advertising and/or affiliate marketing programs. These programs are designed to provide a means for companies like Myspace to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to other websites that sell products or services. Myspace may generate revenue from these other websites when you either click these links or purchase products and/or services from these links on those other websites.

Member Disputes
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users, third party developers and any other parties with whom you interact through the Myspace Services and/or Linked Services so use caution when dealing with others. Myspace reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes.

Privacy and Communications
BY USING THE MYSPACE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THE MYSPACE SERVICES’ PRIVACY POLICY AND VIDEO PRIVACY POLICY CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, STORAGE, PROCESSING, SHARING AND USE OF YOUR DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PRIVACY POLICY, EEA PRIVACY NOTICE, AND VIDEO PRIVACY POLICY. By using the Myspace Services, you further agree that Myspace may change, alter, or modify the settings or configurations on your Device in connection with your use of the Myspace Services (e.g., in order to allow for or optimize use).

Myspace performs technical functions it deems necessary or appropriate to offer the Myspace Services, including, but not limited to, the technical processing and transmission of Messages to perform the messaging service, and transcoding and/or reformatting Content to allow its use throughout the Myspace Services. In addition, you agree and acknowledge that Myspace may send Messages, whose content may include, but not be limited to, notifications, special offers, promotions, commercial advertisements, and marketing materials, in connection with the Myspace Services, and/or the services of Myspace’s affiliates and/or third-party business partners. We offer you certain choices as to what type of commercial communications you receive from the Myspace Services, which you can exercise by visiting your Profile Settings for notifications (click here for more information), or by following the unsubscribe instructions contained at the bottom of commercial emails sent by Myspace, and we will make good faith efforts to honor those choices. However, regardless of your elections we reserve the right to contact you to address transactional and operational issues related to your Account, Membership or activities in connection with Myspace Services. Effective May 25, 2018, we will not serve interest based advertising to EEA residents in connection with the Myspace Services. EEA residents will still see ads from Myspace and other advertising providers, but the ads will not be interest-based or targeted.

When you communicate with us electronically, such as via e-mail and text message, you consent to receive communications from Myspace by the same method. Please note that we are not obligated to respond to inquiries that we receive. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

Myspace may interact with law enforcement regarding your use of the Myspace Services. You acknowledge and agree that Myspace may make your information available to law enforcement. More information is available in our Law Enforcement Guidelines.

Disclaimers
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, MYSPACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO: (A) THE MYSPACE SERVICES; (B) THE MYSPACE CONTENT ON OR PROVIDED THROUGH THE MYSPACE SERVICES; (C) THE CONTENT OR USER CONTENT (INCLUDING THE ACCURACY AND RELIABILITY THEREOF); (D) THE THIRD PARTY CONTENT; (E) THE LINKED SERVICES; (F) THE FUNCTIONS MADE ACCESSIBLE ON OR THROUGH THE MYSPACE SERVICES; (G) ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR INSTRUCTIONS OFFERED OR REFERENCED IN THE MYSPACE SERVICES; AND/OR (H) SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM MYSPACE OR OTHERS VIA THE MYSPACE SERVICES.

IN ADDITION AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, MYSPACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, INJURY OR LOSS CAUSED BY USERS OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR BY ANY OF THE EQUIPMENT OR PROGRAMMING ASSOCIATED WITH OR UTILIZED IN THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES.

PROFILES AND LINKED SERVICES ON, THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MYSPACE SERVICES MAY CONTAIN LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES OR SERVICES. MYSPACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT, ACCURACY OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED ON SUCH WEBSITES AND SERVICES, AND SUCH WEBSITES AND SERVICES ARE NOT NECESSARILY INVESTIGATED, MONITORED OR CHECKED FOR ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS BY MYSPACE. INCLUSION OF ANY LINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE ON THE MYSPACE SERVICES DOES NOT IMPLY APPROVAL OR ENDORSEMENT OF THE LINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE BY MYSPACE. WHEN YOU ACCESS THESE THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK. MYSPACE TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY ADVERTISEMENTS OR LINKED SERVICES THAT ARE POSTED ON, THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES, NOR DOES IT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE GOODS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY THESE THIRD PARTIES. MYSPACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES. MYSPACE ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR ALTERATION OF, ANY USER OR MEMBER COMMUNICATION. MYSPACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION OF ANY TELEPHONE NETWORK OR LINES, COMPUTER ONLINE SYSTEMS, SERVERS OR PROVIDERS, COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, FAILURE OF ANY EMAIL OR PLAYERS DUE TO TECHNICAL PROBLEMS OR TRAFFIC CONGESTION ON THE INTERNET OR ON ANY OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES OR COMBINATION THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY INJURY OR DAMAGE TO USERS OR TO ANY PERSON’S COMPUTER RELATED TO OR RESULTING FROM PARTICIPATION OR DOWNLOADING MATERIALS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL MYSPACE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH, RESULTING FROM USE OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES, ATTENDANCE AT A MYSPACE EVENT, FROM ANY USER CONTENT POSTED ON OR THROUGH THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES, OR FROM THE CONDUCT OF ANY USERS OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE. THE MYSPACE SERVICES AND YOUR ABILITY TO ACCESS THE LINKED SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS AND MYSPACE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, CUSTOM, TRADE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, SYSTEM INTEGRATION AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS. MYSPACE CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES. SOME JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY YOU TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL MYSPACE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM: (A) YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE MYSPACE SERVICES (INCLUDING THE CONTENT AND MYSPACE CONTENT) OR LINKED SERVICES, OR THE PERFORMANCE OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES OR LINKED SERVICES, (B) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTIGATION BY MYSPACE OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES REGARDING YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES, (C) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERS OR OTHER RIGHTS OWNERS, (D) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE MYSPACE SERVICES’ TECHNICAL OPERATION, OR (E) ANY DAMAGE TO A USER’S COMPUTER, HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, MODEM, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR TECHNOLOGY, INCLUDING DAMAGE FROM ANY SECURITY BREACH OR FROM ANY VIRUS, BUGS, TAMPERING, FRAUD, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER LINE, OR NETWORK FAILURE OR ANY OTHER TECHNICAL OR OTHER MALFUNCTION, INCLUDING LOSSES OR DAMAGES IN THE FORM OF LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR EQUIPMENT FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF MYSPACE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, MYSPACE’S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO MYSPACE FOR THE MYSPACE SERVICES DURING THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY OF THE FOREGOING EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES WERE FORESEEABLE AND EVEN IF MYSPACE WAS ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU BRING AN ACTION BASED IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING WHETHER CAUSED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, BY NEGLIGENCE, ACTS OF GOD, TELECOMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, OR DESTRUCTION OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES). SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF THE SORT THAT ARE DESCRIBED ABOVE, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Residents of California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at: 400 R St., Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254. Their website is located at: http://www.dca.ca.gov.

Residents of the European Union are entitled to the following exclusion to the disclaimers or limitation of liability: nothing in this Agreement shall operate to exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence; fraud or fraudulent concealment; or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

U.S. Export Controls
Software available in connection with the Myspace Services (the “Software”) is further subject to United States export controls. No Software may be downloaded from the Myspace Services or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S. export laws, including restrictions pursuant to the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals, the U.S. Commerce Departments’ Table of Deny Orders, or the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk and subject to compliance with all Applicable Laws.

Arbitration and No Class Relief
Certain portions of this Section 17 are deemed to be a “written agreement to arbitrate” pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act and apply to all Users of the Myspace Services where the mandatory laws in their country of residence permit such arbitration. You and Myspace agree that we intend that this Section 17 satisfies the “writing” requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act. Where arbitration is not permitted by the mandatory laws in your country of residence, the provisions of Section 17 shall apply to all relevant disputes between you and Myspace. This Section 17 can only be changed or terminated upon mutual agreement.

Disputes. Any controversy, allegation, or claim between you and Myspace arising out of or relating to the Myspace Services, the Myspace Content, the Content, this Agreement, or any Additional Terms, whether heretofore or hereafter arising are “Disputes”. References to "Myspace” include our respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all beneficiaries of the Myspace Services.

First - Try to Resolve. If you or Myspace becomes aware of a Dispute, then you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it. Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information that you provide us. But if no such information exists or if such information is not current, then we have no obligation under this Section 17.1.1. Your notice to us must be sent to: Myspace LLC, 6100 Center Dr., Suite 800, Los Angeles 90045, Attn: Business & Legal Affairs. For a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Myspace and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Dispute, though nothing will require either you or Myspace to resolve the Dispute on terms with respect to which you and Myspace, in each of our sole discretion, are not comfortable.

Arbitration of Most Disputes. If we cannot resolve a Dispute as set forth in Section 17.1.1 within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice, then either you or we may submit the Dispute to formal arbitration in accordance with this Section 17.1, unless it is an Excluded Dispute, which shall be handled in accordance with Section 17.2.

Arbitrator. Upon expiration of the applicable sixty (60)-day period and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a Dispute will be resolved solely by binding arbitration in accordance with the then-current JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures of JAMS, Inc. (“JAMS”). JAMS procedures, rules, and fee information are available, as follows:

JAMS:	949.224.1810

http://www.jamsadr.com

Nature, Limitations, and Location of Alternative Dispute Resolution. In arbitration, as with a court, the arbitrator must honor the terms of this Agreement (and any Additional Terms) and can award the prevailing party damages and other relief (including attorneys’ fees). However, WITH ARBITRATION: (A) THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY, (B) THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS AND ARBITRATION OUTCOME ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CONFIDENTIALITY RULES, AND (C) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF THE ARBITRATION OUTCOME IS LIMITED. All parties to the arbitration will have the right, at their own expense, to be represented by an attorney or other advocate of their choosing. If an in-person arbitration hearing is required, then it will be conducted in the “metropolitan statistical area” (as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau) where you are a resident at the time the Dispute is submitted to arbitration. You and we will pay the administrative and arbitrator’s fees and other costs in accordance with the applicable arbitration rules; but, if applicable arbitration rules or laws require Myspace to pay a greater portion or all of such fees and costs in order for this Section 17 to be enforceable, then Myspace will have the right to elect to pay the fees and costs and proceed to arbitration. Discovery will be permitted pursuant to the applicable arbitration rules. The arbitrator’s decision must consist of a written statement stating the disposition of each claim of the Dispute, and must provide a statement of the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and any award (if any) is based. Judgment on the arbitration decision and award (if any) may be entered in or by any court that has jurisdiction over the parties pursuant to Section 9 of the Federal Arbitration Act.

No Class Action Matters. Disputes will be arbitrated only on an individual basis and will not be consolidated with any other arbitrations or other proceedings that involve any claim or controversy of any other party, with the exception of representative claims solely for injunctive relief brought under California unfair competition law. If any provision of this arbitration provision is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision shall be severable from the remainder of this paragraph, which shall remain fully enforceable. AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS CONSTITUTES AN AGREEMENT TO PURSUE YOUR CLAIM FOR ALLEGED DAMAGES ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND A WAIVER OF THE ABILITY TO PURSUE YOUR CLAIM IN A CLASS ACTION.

Limited Time to File Claims. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IF YOU OR WE WANT TO ASSERT A DISPUTE (BUT NOT A EXCLUDED DISPUTE) AGAINST THE OTHER, THEN YOU OR WE MUST COMMENCE IT (BY DELIVERY OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 17.1.1 WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER DISCOVERY OF THE DISPUTE ARISES -- OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED.

Excluded Disputes. The following disputes constitute “Excluded Disputes” hereunder: (i) any Dispute regarding any of Myspace’s actual or alleged intellectual property rights, (ii) Disputes, to the extent that the laws of the State of California authorize may be brought in small claims court, and (iii) legal action taken by Myspace to seek an injunction or other equitable relief in connection with, any loss, cost, or damage (or any potential loss, cost, or damage) relating to the Myspace Services, any Content, your User Content and/or Myspace’s intellectual property rights (including such Myspace may claim that may be in dispute), Myspace’s operations, and/or Myspace’s products or services (collectively, “Injunctive Relief”).

First - Try to Resolve. If (x) any Excluded Dispute arises, and (y) excluding Excluded Disputes involving Injunctive Relief, you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Excluded Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it. Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information that you provide us. But if no such information exists or if such information is not current, then we have no obligation under this Section 17.2.1. Your notice to us must be sent to: Myspace LLC, 6100 Center Dr., Suite 800, Los Angeles 90045, Attn: Business & Legal Affairs. For a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Myspace and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Excluded Dispute, though nothing will require either you or Myspace to resolve the Excluded Dispute on terms with respect to which you and Myspace, in each of our sole discretion, are not comfortable.

If we cannot resolve authorized Excluded Dispute as set forth in Section 17.2.1 within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice, then either you or we may submit the Excluded Dispute to formal arbitration pursuant to Section 17.1 only if you and Myspace consent, in a writing signed by you and an officer or business and legal affairs representative of Myspace, to have that Excluded Dispute subject to arbitration. In such a case (and only in such a case), that Excluded Dispute will be deemed a “Dispute” and shall be governed by Section 17.1. In the absence of such agreement, Section 17.1 shall not apply to Excluded Disputes, and Sections 17.3 and 17.4 shall apply.

Injunctive Relief. With respect to Excluded Disputes involving Injunctive Relief, Section 17.3 and 17.4 apply, and Myspace may institute such Excluded Disputes as authorized therein immediately.

Jurisdiction. Except to the extent that arbitration is required in Section 17.1 or authorized in Section 17.2, and except as to the enforcement of any arbitration decision or award, any action or proceeding relating to any Dispute or Excluded Dispute may only be instituted in state or federal court in Los Angeles County, California. Accordingly, you and Myspace consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts for such matters.

Governing Law. This Agreement and any Additional Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with, and any Dispute and Excluded Dispute will be resolved in accordance with, the laws of the California, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

Other Dispute Resolution where Arbitration is Not Applicable
This Section 18 applies to all Users of the Myspace Services, if, and only to the extent that, the mandatory laws in your country of residence do not permit arbitration of Disputes in accordance with Section 17.

Section 18 Disputes. If any controversy, allegation, or claim (including any non-contractual claim) arises out of or relates to the Myspace Services, the Myspace Content, the Content, this Agreement, or any Additional Terms, whether heretofore or hereafter arising or to any of Myspace’s actual or alleged intellectual property rights (collectively, a “Section 18 Dispute”), then you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Section 18 Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it. Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information that you provide us. But if no such information exists or if such information is not current, then we have no obligation under this Section 18.1. Your notice to us must be sent to: Myspace LLC, 6100 Center Dr., Suite 800, Los Angeles 90045, Attn: Business & Legal Affairs. For a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Myspace and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Section 18 Dispute, though nothing will require either you or Myspace to resolve the Section 18 Dispute on terms with respect to which you and Myspace, in each of our sole discretion, are not comfortable.

Jurisdiction. The parties agree that the state or federal courts in Los Angeles County, California shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction of any Section 18 Dispute.

Governing Law. To the maximum extent permitted by the mandatory laws in your country of residence, this Agreement, any Additional Terms and any Section 18 Dispute arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes), will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the California, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

Limited Time to File Claims. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IF YOU OR WE WANT TO ASSERT A SECTION 18 DISPUTE AGAINST THE OTHER, THEN YOU OR WE MUST COMMENCE IT (BY DELIVERY OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 18.1) WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER DISCOVERY OF THE SECTION 18 DISPUTE ARISES -- OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED.

Injunctive Relief. The foregoing provisions of this Section 18 will not apply to any legal action taken by Myspace to seek an injunction or other equitable relief in connection with, any loss, cost, or damage (or any potential loss, cost, or damage) relating to the Myspace Services, any Content, your User Content and/or Myspace’s intellectual property rights (including such Myspace may claim that may be in dispute), Myspace’s operations, and/or Myspace’s products or services.

Indemnity and Waiver of Injunctive Relief
Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend (at Myspace’s election) and hold Myspace, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, subcontractors and other partners, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, alleged by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with: (a) your use of the Myspace Services or Linked Services, and your activities in connection with the Myspace Services or Linked Services; (b) your violation or anticipatory violation of any Applicable Law in connection with your use of the Myspace Services or Linked Services, or your activities in connection with the Myspace Services or Linked Services; (c) a breach or anticipatory breach of this Agreement or any Additional Terms; (d) any breach of your agreements, representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement; (e) any Content that you post on, through or in connection with the Myspace Services or Linked Services; (f) information or material transmitted through your Device used to access the Myspace Services, even if not submitted by you, that infringes, violates, or misappropriates any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent, publicity, privacy, or other right of any person or entity; (g) any misrepresentation made by you; and (h) Myspace’s permitted use of the information that you submit to us (including your Content) (all of the foregoing, “Claims and Losses”). You will cooperate fully as required by Myspace in the defense of any Claim and Losses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Myspace retains the exclusive right to settle, compromise, and pay any and all Claims and Losses. Myspace reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any Claims and Losses. You will not settle any Claims and Losses without, in each instance, the prior written consent of an officer of Myspace.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IF YOU CLAIM THAT YOU HAVE INCURRED ANY LOSS, DAMAGES, OR INJURIES IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE MYSPACE SERVICES, THEN THE LOSSES, DAMAGES, AND INJURIES WILL NOT BE IRREPARABLE OR SUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION OR TO OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF OF ANY KIND. THIS MEANS (WITHOUT LIMITATION) THAT, IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR CLAIM, YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT SEEK, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO OBTAIN, ANY COURT OR OTHER ACTION THAT MAY INTERFERE WITH OR PREVENT THE DEVELOPMENT OR EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEBSITE, CONTENT, USER CONTENT, PRODUCT, SERVICE, OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNED, LICENSED, USED OR CONTROLLED BY MYSPACE (INCLUDING YOUR LICENSED CONTENT) OR A LICENSOR OF MYSPACE. However, you acknowledge that any breach or anticipatory breach by you of this Agreement may result in harm to Myspace not capable of a remedy of money damages alone and accordingly in addition to any action at law for damages, Myspace will be entitled to seek injunctive and other equitable relief.

Wireless
The Myspace Services may offer certain features and services that are available to you via your wireless Device used to access the Myspace Services. These features and services may include the ability to access the Myspace Services’ features and upload content to the Myspace Services, receive Messages from the Myspace Services, and download applications to your wireless Device (collectively, “Wireless Features”). Standard messaging, data, and other fees may be charged by your carrier to participate in Wireless Features. Fees and charges may appear on your wireless bill or be deducted from your pre-paid balance. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain Wireless Features and certain Wireless Features may be incompatible with your carrier or Device. You should check with your carrier to find out what plans are available and how much they cost or any other questions regarding these carrier-related issues. You agree that as to the Wireless Features for which you are registered for, we may send communications to your wireless Device. Further, we may collect information related to your use of the Wireless Features, including for the purpose of sending you targeted ads. If you enable GPS or location-based features in connection with Wireless Features, your Device location may be tracked and shared with others, including advertisers, consistent with our Privacy Policy. Any such location-based Wireless Features are for your personal use only and should not be relied on as an emergency locator system, used when operating vehicles or equipment, or in any situation where use distracts from safe behavior or the failure or inaccuracy of the services could result in harm. If you have registered via the Myspace Services for Wireless Features, then you agree to notify Myspace of any changes to your wireless contact information (including phone number) and update your Accounts on the Myspace Services to reflect the changes. You may uninstall our applications to terminate the Myspace Services related to them.

Operation of Myspace Services; Availability of Products and Services; International Issues
Myspace controls and operates the Myspace Services from its U.S.-based offices in the United States, and Myspace makes no representation that the Myspace Services is appropriate or available for use beyond the U.S.A, or will continue to be offered in other locations. If you use the Myspace Services from other locations, you are doing so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws regarding your online conduct and acceptable content, if and to the extent local laws apply. The Myspace Services may describe products and services that are available only in the United States (or only parts of it) and are not available worldwide. We reserve the right to limit the availability of the Myspace Services and/or the provision of any content, program, product, service, or other feature described or available on the Myspace Services to any person, entity, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any content, program, product, service, or other feature that we provide.

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE MYSPACE SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOUR ACTIVITIES ARE LAWFUL IN EVERY JURISDICTION WHERE YOU ACCESS OR USE THE MYSPACE SERVICES.

You and we disclaim any application to this Agreement of the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

Software End User License Agreement
Myspace may offer the Myspace Services via software applications designed to run on specific operating systems, including, without limitation, mobile operating systems (including any updates and upgrades thereto, the “Software”). The Software is Myspace Content. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Myspace grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable license to use the Software solely to access the Myspace Services. You are not authorized to use the Software in any other manner.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you must not and must not allow any third party to:

Modify, adapt, translate, alter, reverse engineer, copy, decompile, reverse assemble, disassemble, or create derivative works (as defined by the U.S. Copyright Act) or improvements (as defined by U.S. patent law) from the Software or the Myspace Services or any portion thereof, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code or in any way ascertain, decipher, or obtain the communications protocol for accessing the Myspace Services through the Software;

Remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright, or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Software;

Obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the Myspace Services through the Software;

Block, disable or otherwise affect any advertising, advertisement banner window, links to other sites and services, or other features that constitute a part of the Myspace Services as made available via the Software;

Incorporate, integrate or otherwise include the Software or any portion of it (including the communications protocols) into any other service, software, program or product that communicates, accesses, or otherwise connects with the Service or any other Internet or online service other than as provided by Myspace;

Use the Software in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose;

Use the Software to operate any mission critical application where human life or property might be at stake. The Software and the Myspace Services are not designed for such purposes and their failure in such cases could lead to death, personal injury, or property damage for which Myspace is not responsible;

Sell, lease, loan, distribute, transfer, or sublicense the Software, or access thereto or derive income from the use or provision of the Software, whether for direct commercial or monetary gain or otherwise;

Develop a skin or application for use in connection with the Software that infringes the intellectual property or other rights of Myspace or any third party;

You may install and personally use the Software only in object code form on a Device controlled by you for your own non-commercial use or benefit. Myspace may at any time and in its sole discretion revoke your license to use the Software or suspend or terminate your access to the Software without notice or explanation. If your license to use the Software terminates, you must (a) remove the Software from all hard drives, networks, Devices and other storage media, and (b) destroy all copies of the Software in your possession or under your control. All rights in any third-party data, software, or intellectual property are reserved and remain with the respective third party owners or licensors. These third parties may enforce their rights against you directly.

Other
This Agreement is accepted upon your use of the Myspace Website or any of the Myspace Services, and is further affirmed by you becoming a Member and any continued access or use of the Myspace Website or any of the Myspace Services. Your agreement with Myspace will always include this Agreement at a minimum, except to the extent modified by an Other Agreement to which we have mutually agreed. Your access and use of certain Myspace Services will require you to accept Additional Terms applicable to such certain Myspace Services, in addition to this Agreement, and may require you to download Software or provide Content. The failure of Myspace to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Myspace is a registered trademark of Myspace LLC. Myspace TV is a trademark of Myspace LLC. Myspace may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement and any Additional Terms, in whole or in part, to any party at any time without any notice. This Agreement and any Additional Terms may not be assigned by you, and you may not delegate your duties under them, without the prior written consent of an officer of Myspace. This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. This Agreement represents an agreement between you as a User (or if applicable, Member) of the Myspace Services and us as the service provider, and no other person can enforce any of its provisions against Myspace. This Agreement (and the documents referred to herein, including, without limitation, Additional Terms) constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to the use of the Myspace Services, and replace and extinguish all prior agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any nature made by the parties, whether oral or written, in relation to such subject matter.

If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. If the remainder of the provision is not affected, we reserve the right to make lawful and reasonable variations to this Agreement which may be necessary in order to achieve, to the greatest extent possible, the same effect as would have been achieved by the provision (or part) in question that is deemed to be unlawful, void or unenforceable.

To contact us regarding any questions about this Agreement, please use the Contact Myspace form on our Help Site.

Netflix Terms of Use
Netflix provides a subscription service that allows our members to access movies and TV shows (“Netflix content”) streamed over the Internet to certain Internet-connected TVs, computers and other devices ("Netflix ready devices").

The Netflix service is provided to you by Netflix International B.V., a Netherlands limited liability company. These Terms of Use govern your use of our service. As used in these Terms of Use, "Netflix service", "our service" or "the service" means the service provided by Netflix for discovering and watching Netflix content, including all features and functionalities, recommendations and reviews, the website, and user interfaces, as well as all content and software associated with our service.

Membership. Your Netflix membership will continue month-to-month until terminated. To use the Netflix service you must have Internet access and a Netflix ready device, and provide a current, valid, accepted method of payment, which you may update from time to time ("Payment Method"). Unless you cancel your membership before your monthly billing date, you authorize us to charge your next month's membership fee to your Payment Method (see "Cancellation" below). You can find specific details regarding your Netflix membership by visiting our website and clicking on the "Your Account" link available at the top of the pages of the Netflix website under your profile name.
Free Trials
2.1. Your Netflix membership may start with a free trial. The free trial period of your membership lasts for one month, or as otherwise specified during sign-up and is intended to allow new members and certain former members to try the service.
2.2. Free trial eligibility is determined by Netflix at its sole discretion and we may limit eligibility to prevent free trial abuse. We reserve the right to revoke the free trial and put your account on hold in the event that we determine that you are not eligible. Members of households with an existing or recent Netflix membership are not eligible. We may use information such as device ID, method of payment or an account email address used with an existing or recent Netflix membership to determine eligibility. For combinations with other offers, restrictions may apply.
2.3. We will charge your Payment Method for your monthly membership fee at the end of the free trial period unless you cancel your membership prior to the end of the free trial period To view the monthly membership price and end date of your free trial period, visit our website and click the "Billing details" link on the "Your Account" page.
Billing
3.1. Billing Cycle. The membership fee for the Netflix service and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the service, such as taxes and possible transaction fees, will be charged on a monthly basis to your Payment Method on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of the paying portion of your membership. In some cases your payment date may change, for example if your Payment Method has not successfully settled or if your paid membership began on a day not contained in a given month. Visit our website and click on the "Billing details" link on the "Your Account" page to see your next payment date.
3.2. Payment Methods. You can change your Payment Method by visiting our website and clicking on the "Your Account" link. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not change your Payment Method or cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have obtained a valid Payment Method. When you update your Payment Method, you authorize us to continue charging the updated Payment Method, and you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates. For some Payment Methods, the issuer of your Payment Method may charge you certain fees, such as a foreign transaction fee or other fees relating to the processing of your Payment Method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the Payment Method used. Check with your Payment Method service provider for details.
3.3. Cancellation. You can cancel your Netflix membership at any time, and you will continue to have access to the Netflix service through the end of your monthly billing period. To the extent permitted by the applicable law, payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial-month membership periods or unwatched Netflix content. To cancel, go to the "Your Account" page and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you cancel your membership, your account will automatically close at the end of your current billing period. To see when your account will close, click "Billing details" on the "Your Account" page. If you signed up for Netflix using your account with a third party as a Payment Method and wish to cancel your Netflix membership, you may need to do so through such third party, for example by visiting your account with the applicable third party and turning off auto-renew, or unsubscribing from the Netflix service through that third party. You may also find billing information about your Netflix membership by visiting your account with the applicable third party.
3.4. Changes to the Price and Service Plans. We may change our service plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to our service plans will apply to you no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.
Netflix Service
4.1. You must be 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your province, territory or country, to become a member of the Netflix service. Minors may only use the service under the supervision of an adult.
4.2. The Netflix service and any content viewed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only. During your Netflix membership we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, license to access the Netflix service and view Netflix content. Except for the foregoing limited license, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. You agree not to use the service for public performances.
4.3. You may view the Netflix content primarily within the country in which you have established your account and only in geographic locations where we offer our service and have licensed such content. The content that may be available to watch will vary by geographic location and will change from time to time. The number of devices on which you may simultaneously watch depends on your chosen subscription plan and is specified on the "Your Account" page.
4.4. Netflix regularly makes changes to the service, including the content library. In addition, we continually test various aspects of our service, including our website, user interfaces, promotional features and availability of Netflix content. You can at any time opt-out of tests by visiting the "Your Account" page and changing the "Test participation" settings.
4.5. Some Netflix content is available for temporary download and offline viewing on certain supported devices (“Offline Titles”). Limitations apply, including restrictions on the number of Offline Titles per account, the maximum number of devices that can contain Offline Titles, the time period within which you will need to begin viewing Offline Titles and how long the Offline Titles will remain accessible. Some Offline Titles may not be playable in certain countries and if you go online in a country where you would not be able to stream that Offline Title, the Offline Title will not be playable while you are in that country.
4.6. You agree to use the Netflix service, including all features and functionalities associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein. You agree not to archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use (except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use) content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Netflix service. You also agree not to: circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections in the Netflix service; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Netflix service; decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Netflix service; insert any code or product or manipulate the content of the Netflix service in any way; or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method. In addition, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Netflix service, including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs. We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.
4.7. The quality of the display of the Netflix content may vary from device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your Internet connection. HD, Ultra HD and HDR availability is subject to your Internet service and device capabilities. Not all content is available in all formats, such as HD, Ultra HD and HDR, and not all subscription plans allow you to receive content in all formats. Default playback settings on cellular networks exclude HD, Ultra HD and HDR content. The minimum connection speed for SD quality is 0.5 Mbps; however, we recommend a faster connection for improved video quality. A download speed of at least 5.0 Mbps per stream is recommended to receive HD content (defined as a resolution of 720p or higher). A download speed of at least 25.0 Mbps per stream is recommended to receive Ultra HD (defined as a resolution of 1080p or higher) and HDR content. You are responsible for all Internet access charges. Please check with your Internet provider for information on possible Internet data usage charges. The time it takes to begin watching Netflix content will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, available bandwidth at the time, the content you have selected and the configuration of your Netflix ready device.
4.8. The Netflix software is developed by, or for, Netflix and is designed to enable viewing of Netflix content through Netflix ready devices. The Netflix software may vary by device and medium, and functionalities and features may also differ between devices. You acknowledge that the use of the service may require third party software that is subject to third party licenses. You agree that you may automatically receive updated versions of the Netflix and related third-party software.
Passwords and Account Access. The member who created the Netflix account and whose Payment Method is charged (the "Account Owner") has access and control over the Netflix account and the Netflix ready devices that are used to access our service. To maintain control over the account and to prevent anyone from accessing the account (which would include information on viewing history for the account), the Account Owner should maintain control over the Netflix ready devices that are used to access the service and not reveal the password nor details of the Payment Method associated with the account to anyone. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account. We can terminate your account or place your account on hold in order to protect you, Netflix or our partners from identity theft or other fraudulent activity.
Miscellaneous
6.1. Governing Law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands. These terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your country of residence.
6.2. Unsolicited Materials. Netflix does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for Netflix content, and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted to Netflix.
6.3. Customer Support. To find more information about our service and its features or if you need assistance with your account, please visit the Netflix Help Center on our website (www.netflix.com/help). In certain instances, Customer Service may best be able to assist you by using a remote access support tool through which we have full access to your computer. If you do not want us to have this access, you should not consent to support through the remote access tool, and we will assist you through other means. In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and information provided by Customer Support or other portions of our website, these Terms of Use will control.
6.4. Survival. If any provision or provisions of these Terms of Use shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
6.5. Changes to Terms of Use. Netflix may, from time to time, change these Terms of Use. We will notify you at least 30 days before these new Terms of Use apply to you.
6.6. Electronic Communications. We will send you information relating to your account (e.g. payment authorizations, invoices, changes in password or Payment Method, confirmation messages, notices) in electronic form only, for example via emails to your email address provided during registration.
Last Updated: 1 January 2017
Nintendo Account Agreement

Version: 06.2017 (EN-EU)

This is a binding agreement between you, an individual, Nintendo Co., Ltd., 11-1 Hokotate-cho, Kamitoba, Minami-ku, Kyoto, 601-8501, Japan (“NCL") and Nintendo of Europe GmbH, Herriotstrasse 4, 60528 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, (“NOE). NOE and NCL are together and individually referred to as “Nintendo" or “we" or “our". This Nintendo Account Agreement (the “Agreement") covers your use of the Nintendo Account.

This Agreement comes into force when you register your Nintendo Account and indicate your acceptance of this Agreement during the registration by means specifically provided by Nintendo for this purpose.

If you are under the age of 18, your parent or legal guardian must accept this Agreement on your behalf.

A General Provisions

1 Definitions

In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

“Digital Products" refers to all games, applications, software, add-on content for games, applications and software, vouchers for digital services and other digital content which can be accessed via the Nintendo Account Service.

"Nintendo Account" refers to an individual account created by NCL for a person who submitted the registration request and accepted the terms of this Agreement by means specifically provided by NCL for this purpose.

"Nintendo Account Service" refers to an aggregate of all games, applications, software, services, portals, data, websites and other content, whether commercial or non-commercial content, of Nintendo or third-party partners of Nintendo, that is available to users with a registered Nintendo Account when they access games, applications, software, portals, messages, information, data and other content identified as Nintendo Account Service content on any device connected to the internet.

"Nintendo Intellectual Property" refers to all intellectual property, including but not limited to registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks, logos, registered and unregistered designs, copyrights, database rights, inventions, patents, trade secrets, know-how, Mii characters and other confidential and proprietary information which Nintendo developed, owns or is granted a licence to use.

“Nintendo Shopping Services" refers to any applications, software and services available as Nintendo Account Service that allow users by using a Nintendo Account to (i) acquire Digital Products from NOE, free of charge or against payment, and/or to (ii) register licenses for and download games, applications, software, add-on content for games, applications and software, vouchers for digital services and other digital content.

"Third-Party Services" refers to any applications, software, add-on content, services, websites, portals, data and other digital content provided by third parties that may be accessible via the Nintendo Account Service, but that are not operated by Nintendo and that allow users to access or register games, applications, software and other digital content of third parties independently from the Nintendo Account under the terms established by third parties.

"User Device" refers to a device manufactured by Nintendo or a third party on which a Nintendo Account user uses a Nintendo Account to access the Nintendo Account Service.

"User-Generated Content" refers to any communications, messages, text, images, drawings, photos, sound, voice, audio recordings, music, movies, information, data and any other material and content (including user names, nicknames, customised Mii characters, Mii nicknames, customised levels, maps, scenarios etc.) that is created by or licensed to Nintendo Account users and that is posted, sent or otherwise made available by a Nintendo Account user via the Nintendo Account Service.

2 Nintendo Account

To use the Nintendo Account Service you must register a Nintendo Account with NCL. You must provide accurate and complete data during the registration and update your registration data if it changes.

If you change the country registered with your Nintendo Account, you must agree to the Nintendo Account agreement applicable for the new country.

The Nintendo Account is personal to you and you may not sell, trade, assign or otherwise transfer your Nintendo Account to any other person or entity.

You are responsible for all transactions made via your Nintendo Account. You must keep your sign-in information secure at all times. In the event you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, such as an unauthorised access to your Nintendo Account by a third party, or any loss, theft or disclosure of your sign-in information, you must immediately notify NCL.

NCL, at its sole discretion, may allow you to link your Nintendo Account to one or several devices manufactured by Nintendo or third parties. If your Nintendo Account is linked to such a device, you must delete your Nintendo Account and any other content that is personal to you from such a device before you sell or otherwise transfer this device to another person.

You may be able to set up additional Nintendo Accounts on behalf of your children or wards that are dependent on your Nintendo Account. You agree to be bound by this Agreement for any such associated Nintendo Accounts (including those for children below the age of 13) you hold now or set up later and that you are responsible for all activities and transactions that take place through your Nintendo Account and any associated Nintendo Accounts.

Children from the age of 13 may use a Nintendo Account set up for them by their parent or legal guardian which is not an associated Nintendo Account. Parents or legal guardians must supervise their children's use of the Nintendo Account at all times.

Parents or legal guardians are responsible for using the parental control functionalities offered by Nintendo as part of the Nintendo Account Service if they want to limit their children’s use of Nintendo Account Service.

3 Use of Nintendo Account Service

The Nintendo Account Service is solely for your own personal recreational and non-commercial use. The Nintendo Account Service must not be used for any other purpose.

You are responsible for all costs in relation to the use of your Nintendo Account, whether by yourself or by your friends, your family or any other third party (including any internet connection fees, the costs for the necessary equipment and any other relevant fees and charges). The exact amount of these costs depends, among other things, on the device that you use to access the Nintendo Account Service, on your activities in the Nintendo Account Service and on the conditions of your internet access provider.

The Nintendo Account Service is not available in all countries. Games, applications, software, services, portals, data and other content offered via the Nintendo Account Service may differ from country to country. Nintendo may from time to time change the Nintendo Account Service, in part or in whole, for the benefit of the Nintendo Account Service users.

Age restrictions may apply to certain Nintendo Account Services.

4 User-Generated Content

NCL is not responsible for any User-Generated Content. User-Generated Content is the sole responsibility of the Nintendo Account user who posted, sent or otherwise made available such User-Generated Content via the Nintendo Account. NCL is not obligated to monitor User-Generated Content. However, if Nintendo becomes aware of possibly unlawful or inappropriate User-Generated Content, NCL reserves the right to delete or to block access to such User-Generated Content at its own discretion.

If you post, send or otherwise make available User-Generated Content via your Nintendo Account you grant NCL a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual and fully transferable right to reproduce, publish and make available User-Generated Content via the Nintendo Account Service as envisaged by the application that you use to post, send or otherwise make available such User-Generated Content. This does not apply to User-Generated Content contained in any private messages or in any other private communication.

You acknowledge that any User-Generated Content that you publish via the Nintendo Account Service or share with other users may be viewed, reproduced, published and/or modified by third parties (for example, by making a screenshot of such User-Generated Content). You should not include personal information such as your name, your email address, your address or your telephone number or any other sensitive data in User-Generated Content.

You acknowledge that the Nintendo Account Service may be changed, in part or in whole, at any time and any User-Generated Content may be deleted from the Nintendo Account Service at any time. NCL is not obligated to store any User-Generated Content.

User-Generated Content that you post, send or otherwise make available through your Nintendo Account Service must comply with the Nintendo Code of Conduct.

5 Nintendo Code of Conduct

When using the Nintendo Account Service, you must comply with the Nintendo Code of Conduct. The Nintendo Code of Conduct prohibits all illegal, harmful or otherwise inappropriate conduct, including but not limited to the following:

Illegal, harassing, hateful, defamatory, embarrassing, offensive, obscene, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable actions performed with the Nintendo Account;
Providing any incorrect or false data when registering or using the Nintendo Account;
Making, sharing or playing unauthorised copies of games, applications, software, add-on content, music, images, videos and other content available via the Nintendo Account Service; making new versions of Digital Products or other content available via the Nintendo Account Service ("derivatives");
Using cheats, automation software (bots), hacks, mods or any other unauthorised software designed to modify the Nintendo Account Service or any part of it or using any unauthorised User Device or any unauthorised modification of the User Device; attempting to derive source code of the Nintendo Account Service;
Gaining unauthorised access to any of Nintendo's computers, hardware, equipment, servers or networks used to support the Nintendo Account Service; hosting, intercepting, emulating, reverse engineering any part of the Nintendo Account Service or redirecting the communication protocols used by Nintendo as part of the Nintendo Account Service, regardless of the method used to do so;
Engaging in any commercial or advertising activity, or arranging meetings using a Nintendo Account;
Selling, trading, assigning or otherwise transferring a Nintendo Account to another person or entity;
Posting, sending or otherwise making available via Nintendo Account Service any content that infringes the rights of others, including any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, privacy rights, portrait rights or other intellectual property or proprietary rights;
Posting, sending or otherwise making available via Nintendo Account Service any content that contains personal data (including photos, images and videos) of any third party without their permission;
Selling, trading, assigning, licensing, or otherwise conveying virtual property for real money or for funds credited to a Nintendo Account, where "virtual property" refers to any features of games or other content that can be traded with other users for free or for in-game virtual currency;
Fraudulent activities performed in relation to the Nintendo Account Service (in particular in relation to transactions in Nintendo Shopping Services).
6 Background Communication Features

If background communication features are enabled on your User Device, your User Device may perform automatic background communication with Nintendo servers and other User Devices.

Background communication with Nintendo servers enables your User Device to receive system updates, updates for software and applications installed on your User Device, updates for content on the Nintendo Account Service, new applications and important service messages from Nintendo. A system or software update may be required to fully enjoy all features of the Nintendo Account Service.

Background communication with other User Devices may happen depending on the application you use. You will be informed about the background communication features in the respective application.

You can disable background communication features in the settings of your User Device and/or in the settings of the respective application. Depending on your User Device, you may also disable background communication features completely by switching off your User Device communication functions.

7 Third-Party Services

The Nintendo Account Service may offer access to Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services are offered and distributed by third parties at the sole responsibility of third parties. Nintendo neither becomes a party nor participates in any other way in any contract you may conclude with a third party through Third-Party Services. Products that you may acquire via Third-Party Services are not registered to your Nintendo Account. Nintendo assumes no liability in respect of Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services are subject to terms and conditions provided by the respective third parties.

Parental control functionalities offered by Nintendo may not work with Third-Party Services.

8 Nintendo Intellectual Property

NCL owns all rights, titles and interest (including all intellectual property rights) in, and has the right to use and sublicense, the Nintendo Intellectual Property necessary to operate the Nintendo Account Service. NCL grants to you a personal licence to use the Nintendo Intellectual Property as far as this is necessary to use your Nintendo Account in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. You may not transfer, assign, sublicense or otherwise dispose of this licence to another person or entity and may not use the Nintendo Intellectual Property for any commercial purpose. Further to the licence set out in this Agreement, NCL does not provide you with any right, title or interest in the Nintendo Intellectual Property. NCL reserves all rights in the Nintendo Intellectual Property.

9 Nintendo's Liability to You

NCL is liable for damages arising as a foreseeable result of NCL's negligence or NCL's breach of this Agreement. NOE is liable for damages arising as foreseeable result of NOE's negligence or NOE's breach of this Agreement.

We are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage are foreseeable if they were an obvious consequence of our breach or if they were contemplated by you and us at the time we entered into this Agreement.

As the Nintendo Account Service is for your own personal recreational and non-commercial use, we are also not responsible for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, loss of data or loss of business opportunity.

We do not in any way exclude or limit our liability for: intent or gross negligence; death or personal injury; fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; any breach of the terms implied by law relating to our title to the Nintendo Intellectual Property; any breach of the terms implied by law relating to the description, satisfactory quality and fitness for purpose of products which may be offered via the Nintendo Account Service; and product liability.

10 Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold Nintendo, its affiliates and subsidiaries harmless from and against any loss, liability or claim (including reasonable attorney fees) arising out of or in connection with your use of the Nintendo Account Service in an unlawful manner or otherwise in breach of the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Nintendo Code of Conduct). This indemnity shall include, in particular, any loss, liability or claim arising out of or in connection with any User-Generated Content, including, without limitation, any photographs, videos or any other materials you upload.

11 Changes to the Agreement

A current version of this Agreement will always be available on Nintendo's website. Nintendo may change the terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time so far as this is necessary or helpful to enhance the service or to adapt it to reflect changes in technical or legal requirements. If we make changes, we will give a notification to you via email or by other appropriate means; if you do not object to these changes within 4 weeks after they have been communicated to you, the changes will be deemed to be accepted (the notification will inform you accordingly). Alternatively, Nintendo may offer you to re-accept the revised Agreement by means provided by Nintendo for this purpose. If you object to the changes, Nintendo reserves the right to terminate this Agreement or any portion of it upon reasonable notice and you will have to register again if you wish to continue using the Nintendo Account Service under the new terms and conditions.

12 Termination and Transfer of the Agreement

You may terminate this Agreement at any time by deleting your Nintendo Account.

Nintendo may terminate this Agreement, or any part of this Agreement, at any time, without notice if you breach the terms of this Agreement. In case of minor breaches Nintendo will provide you with a prior warning of your non-compliance and give you an opportunity to remedy this. However, if your behaviour is utterly unacceptable, Nintendo is not required to provide you with such prior warning. Behaviour is considered utterly unacceptable in case of serious violations of the Nintendo Code of Conduct and other important provisions of this Agreement.

Nintendo may also terminate this Agreement, or any part of this Agreement, at any time, for legal, technical or commercial reasons. In this case, we will provide you with reasonable advance notice.

The termination of this Agreement for any reason will lead to the termination of any licences granted under the Agreement and will prevent your use of the Nintendo Account Service, including, but not limited to, Nintendo Shopping Services. The termination of a part of this Agreement may limit your use of selected applications and functionalities of the Nintendo Account Service.

You agree that any termination of your Nintendo Account may also affect any associated Nintendo Accounts as described in Article 2.

If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, Articles 8, 9, 10, 13 and 14 will remain in effect.
Either of NCL or NOE may transfer in its sole discretion the entire contractual relation with you under this Agreement, or parts thereof, to the respective other affiliated Nintendo company). You will be informed of such transfer at least one month in advance.

13 Agreement Interpretation

If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that part of the Agreement will no longer apply. You agree that the invalid part will be considered deleted from the Agreement, but that all other parts of the Agreement will remain in effect. You further agree that we may replace the invalid part by a provision which reflects or comes closest to the initial intention.

14 Governing Law

14.1 Except to the extent expressly provided in section 14.2, this Agreement and the relationship between you and NCL shall be governed by the laws of Japan, to the exclusion of the UN Sales Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. For the avoidance of doubts, this does not affect the applicability of mandatory statutory laws such as consumer protection laws of your country of residence.

14.2 The relationship between you and NOE, in particular when acquiring Digital products via the Nintendo Shopping Services from NOE, shall be governed by the laws of Germany, to the exclusion of the UN Sales Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. For the avoidance of doubts, this does not affect the applicability of mandatory statutory laws such as consumer protection laws of your country of residence.

15 Customer Support

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us by email: service@nintendo.de.

16 Use of Digital Products on Apple’s Devices

If you use the Digital Product on a device provided by Apple, Inc. (“Apple"), the following applies:

16.1 The Digital Product should be used in line with the App Store Terms of Service.

16.2 The parties acknowledge that Apple has no obligation to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Digital Product.

16.3 The parties acknowledge that Apple bears no responsibility for any claims that the use of the Digital Product infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties.

16.4 You represent and warrant that you do not live in a US export-embargoed country or a country designated as a “terrorist supporting" country by the United States government, and that you are not on the list of people barred or excluded from the United States.

16.5 The parties acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.

B Nintendo Shopping Services

Nintendo Account Services may offer access to Nintendo Shopping Services. You can use Nintendo Shopping Services to acquire Digital Products from NOE, free of charge or against payment, as well as to download and use Digital Products on your User Device and/or via Nintendo Account Services. All sales through Nintendo Shopping Services are made by NOE and NOE is the seller to you.

1 Digital Products

1.1 Registering Digital Products

In order for you to download and use Digital Products via the Nintendo Shopping Services, a licence for the respective Digital Product needs to be registered. 
The licence for Digital Products may be acquired in various ways, subject to availability in your country.

If the licence for a Digital Product is offered free of charge by NOE in Nintendo Shopping Services, the licence will be registered to your Nintendo Account after you have submitted the respective order in Nintendo Shopping Services.

Except as otherwise provided, if the licence for a Digital Product is offered for purchasing in Nintendo Shopping Services by NOE, the licence will be registered to your Nintendo Account after you have submitted the respective order in Nintendo Shopping Services and made the payment to NOE.

The licence for a Digital Product may also be purchased or acquired outside of Nintendo Shopping Services. In this case, you will be informed about the applicable process to register the licence for a Digital Product to your Nintendo Account.

Except as otherwise provided, the licence for a Digital Product is tied to your Nintendo Account and allows you to use the Digital Product only on one User Device you have linked to your Nintendo Account and to which the Digital Product has been downloaded. Except as otherwise provided, all users on your linked User Device may use the respective Digital Product.

If NOE offers a license for a Digital Product for download and use on a Nintendo 3DS system or Wii U console for purchasing in Nintendo Shopping Services, a Nintendo Network ID is required and the license for the respective Digital Product is registered and tied to your Nintendo Network ID. In this case, the Nintendo Network Agreement and Nintendo Network Privacy Policy you accepted when registering a Nintendo Network ID apply to your download and use of the Digital Product.

IMPORTANT: NCL will solely provide the technical infrastructure to enable you to register the licence to your Nintendo Account. However, NCL is not the seller.

1.2 Licence for Digital Products

Any Digital Products registered to your Nintendo Account and any updates of such Digital Products are licensed only for personal and non-commercial use on a User Device. Digital Products must not be used for any other purpose. In particular, without NOE’s written consent, you must neither lease nor rent Digital Products nor sublicense, publish, copy, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of Digital Products other than as expressly permitted by applicable law.

1.3 Virtual Items

The currency that is sold by NOE via Nintendo Shopping Services for use in a Digital Product or any other digital item that you may acquire within a Digital Product (the "Virtual Items") is made available to you as a digital content in the form of a license (right) to trade or exchange for other digital content within the Digital Product.

The Virtual Items, as well as other digital content traded or exchanged for Virtual Items can only be used within the respective Digital Product, cannot be transferred to a third party (unless a transfer is permitted within the Digital Product) and cannot be exchanged for legal tender or any item or right outside of the Digital Product.

2 Defects

In the event of a defect the statutory provisions shall apply. If an additional manufacturer’s warranty applies, any claims based on a manufacturer's warranty are irrespective of any statutory rights you may have.

3 Payment Methods

NOE may offer various payment methods, subject to availability in your country. 
NOE may allow you to upload and use funds to make the payment for Digital Products that you purchase from NOE in Nintendo Shopping Services. Funds may be uploaded to your wallet by using a credit card or any other payment method accepted by NOE, by inserting a digital code printed on a Nintendo eShop Card available in retail, or by any other method communicated by NOE.
Funds are tied to your wallet and cannot be transferred to any other person or entity. Funds are non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash or credit. Funds can only be used to purchase Digital Products from NOE in Nintendo Shopping Services. NOE may, in its sole discretion, restrict the maximum amount of funds that may be uploaded to your wallet.
You are responsible for any use of funds stored in your wallet.
In case you acquire the licence for a Digital Product from any third party, the third party will inform you about the applicable payment method.

4 Shopping History

For any transactions in Nintendo Shopping Services you will receive an electronic receipt confirming the transaction. This receipt will be sent to you via email. If you set up an associated Nintendo Account for your child below the age of 13, the receipt for any transactions that take place through the child’s Nintendo Account will be sent to your email address.

5 Third-Party Shopping Services

Nintendo Account Services may offer access to shopping services operated by third parties. Third-party shopping services are offered by third parties at the sole responsibility of third parties. Nintendo neither becomes a party nor participates in any other way in any contract you may conclude with a third party through such third-party shopping services. Products that you may acquire via third-party shopping services are not registered to your Nintendo Account. Nintendo assumes no liability in respect of third-party shopping services. Third-party shopping services are subject to terms and conditions provided by the respective third parties.

6 Information about Online Dispute Resolution and Alternative Dispute Resolution for Consumers

The EU-Commission has established an online platform for the resolution of disputes between traders and consumers (ODR-platform). The ODR-platform is accessible via https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. NOE is not obliged to participate and is currently not participating in alternative dispute resolution proceedings before a consumer arbitration body.

END OF NINTENDO ACCOUNT AGREEMENT

Instructions for Right to Cancel (of a transaction in Nintendo Shopping Services)

You have the right to cancel this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.

The cancellation period will expire after 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the contract.

To exercise the right to cancel, you must inform us (Nintendo of Europe GmbH, Herriotstrasse 4, 60528 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, fax number: +49 69 667747 95412, telephone number: for the UK and Ireland: +44 345 60 50 247 / for other EU countries and South Africa: +49 69 667747 5412, email: for the UK and Ireland: customer-support@nintendo.co.uk / for other EU countries and South Africa: eShopService@nintendo.de) of your decision to cancel this contract by a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or email). You may use the attached model cancellation form, but it is not obligatory.

To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.

Effects of cancellation

If you cancel this contract, we will reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (except for the supplementary costs arising if you chose a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us).
We will make the reimbursement without undue delay and not later than 14 days after the day on which we are informed about your decision to cancel this contract.
We will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as result of the reimbursement.

If you requested to begin the performance of services during the cancellation period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been performed until you have communicated us your cancellation from this contract, in comparison with the full coverage of the contract.

The cancellation right expires earlier in respect of the contracts listed below:

contracts for the supply of digital content: where we supply digital content not on a tangible medium, the cancellation right expires if we have begun our supply of the digital content after you have expressly consented that we can begin the supply before the cancellation period ends, and you have acknowledged that you lose your right to cancel the contract in this circumstance;
service contracts: the cancellation right expires earlier if the service has been fully performed by us, the performance of the service began with your prior express consent, and you acknowledged that you lose your right of cancellation once the contract has been fully performed.
Model Cancellation Form

(If you want to cancel the contract please complete and return this form.)
- To Nintendo of Europe GmbH, Herriotstrasse 4, 60528 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, fax number: +49 69 667747 95412, email address: for the UK and Ireland: customer-support@nintendo.co.uk / for other EU countries and South Africa: eShopService@nintendo.de

I/We ( * ) hereby give notice that I/we ( * ) cancel my/our ( * ) contract of sale of the following goods( * )/for the provision of the following service ( * ):
- Ordered on( * )/received on ( * );
- Name of consumer(s);
- Address of consumer(s);
- Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper),
- Date:


Oculus Terms of Service
Last updated: 19 September 2017

BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR USING OUR SERVICES, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING INSTRUMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREIN.  PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THEIR ENTIRETY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES.

THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT AFFECT YOU AND YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, UNLESS YOU CHOOSE TO OPT OUT, A PROVISION REGARDING BINDING ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES (OTHER THAN CERTAIN SPECIFIED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS AND SMALL CLAIMS) AND A WAIVER OF CERTAIN RIGHTS TO JURY TRIALS AND/OR CLASS ACTIONS. PLEASE READ THE "DISPUTE RESOLUTION" SECTION (SECTION 18) IN ITS ENTIRETY. IN ADDITION, CERTAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY BE APPLICABLE TO USERS WHO RESIDE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. PLEASE REVIEW SECTION 26 TO DETERMINE WHETHER THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO YOU.

YOU CERTIFY THAT YOU ARE OF THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH YOU RESIDE OR, IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF 13 AND THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, THAT YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES WITH THE SUPERVISION OF YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. MAKE SURE THAT YOU REVIEW THESE TERMS OF SERVICE WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN SO THAT YOU BOTH UNDERSTAND ALL OF YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.

Oculus VR, LLC ("Oculus", "we", "us" or "our") is pleased to provide you with access to, and use of, physical goods, platform services, software, websites, applications and content (collectively, the "Services"). These Terms of Service ("Terms") apply to your purchase, access to and use of any Services. These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement that you may have with Oculus for products, services or otherwise. If you are using the Services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorised to accept these Terms on such entity's behalf and that such entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or that entity violate these Terms.

Oculus reserves the right to change or modify these Terms in the future at any time and at our sole discretion. If Oculus makes changes to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes as appropriate, such as by sending an email notification to the address that you have provided, providing notice through the Services and/or updating the "Last updated" date at the top of these Terms. Your continued use of the Services will confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop using the Services. We encourage you to review the Terms from time to time to ensure that you understand the terms and conditions that apply to your access to, and use of, the Services.

This agreement was written in US English. To the extent that any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the US English version, the US English version prevails.

1. Eligibility, registration and account
The Services are intended solely for users who are aged 13 or older. Any registration for, or use of, the Services by anyone under the age of 13 is unauthorised, unlicensed and in violation of these Terms. You represent and warrant that you (a) are not identified on the Office of Foreign Assets Control's Specially Designated Nationals List ("SDN List"), (b) are not placed on the US Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List or Entity List or any other US export control list; (c) will not use IP proxying or other methods to disguise the place of your residence; (d) will not use the Services if any applicable laws in your country prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these Terms; and (e) have not previously had your right to use the Services suspended or terminated.

To access and use certain features of the Services, you may be required to register for an account. By creating an account, you agree to: (i) provide accurate, current and complete account information; (ii) maintain the security of your password, not share your password with any other person and accept all risks of unauthorised access to your account; and (iii) promptly provide notice at https://www.facebook.com/whitehat if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Services.

2. Equipment, software and updates
Certain equipment and software may be required to access and use the Services. In addition, we may need to automatically update some of the software that you obtain through the Services or provide you with new software to keep the Services functioning properly, which could include bug fixes, patches, enhanced features, missing plug-ins and new versions. By using the Services, you agree to such automatic updating.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion and where technically feasible, to disable your access to or ability to use Services that we believe present a health and safety risk or violate our community standards, agreements, laws, regulations or policies. We will not incur any liability or responsibility if we choose to remove, disable or delete such access or ability to use any or all portion(s) of the Services.

3. Your use of the Services and Content
3.1 Content and Software licence. Except as otherwise agreed upon, if we enable the use of software, content, virtual items or other materials owned or licensed by us ("Software and Content"), we hereby grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable licence to access, install and use the Software and Content solely for personal and non-commercial purposes, conditioned on your compliance with these Terms. You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decrypt, attempt to derive the source code of, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, rent, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Software and Content, except as expressly permitted by Oculus or as permitted under applicable law. Any unauthorised use of the Services is strictly prohibited and will terminate the licence granted in these Terms. No licences or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise, except for the licences and rights expressly granted to you.

3.2 Oculus Runtime Software. Subject to these Terms, including the licence provided in Section 3.1, you may access, install and use the Oculus Runtime Software ("Runtime"). In order to maximise your enjoyment, safety and overall experience through our Services, the Runtime may only be used with Oculus-approved hardware devices and with software developed using the Oculus Rift Software Development Kit, as specified in the Oculus Rift Software Development Kit licence agreement. We also require that you use only the then-current version of the Runtime. You acknowledge that the Runtime incorporates proprietary information, and that you will not disclose it to any other person or entity.

3.3 Third-party Content. Your use of services, applications or content provided by third parties ("Third-party Content") made available through the Services may be subject to additional end-user agreements. In the event that these agreements conflict with the provisions of these Terms, these Terms will govern. Oculus has no responsibility or liability with respect to your access to or use of the Third-party Content, or any content or functionality contained in such Third-party Content, your rights to which are solely provided pursuant to a licence between you and the provider of such Third-party Content. In no event shall Oculus be considered the licensor of the Third-party Content, to have granted any rights to use the Third- party Content, to have assumed any obligations with respect to the Third-party Content, or to have made any representations or warranties with respect to the Third-party Content.

If you are not presented with an end-user licence agreement when you acquire Third-party Content, the following licence terms apply to your use of such Third-party Content: (a) the third party providing the Third-party Content (and not Oculus) is the licensor of such Third-party Content; (b) such party grants you a limited, non-transferable licence to access and use the Third-party Content only for your personal and non-commercial purposes; and (c) you may not modify, decompile or disassemble the Third-party Content in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or sublicense any rights in or to the Third-party Content, unless otherwise expressly authorised by the third party or as permitted under applicable law.

3.4 Trial access to Services. We may offer free trials or other limited versions of Services so that you can preview Services before you purchase the full version. These versions may have limited features, restrict permitted time of use and contain other limitations.

3.5 Availability of Services after purchase; updates. Some Services may rely on services provided by third parties for some or all of their functionality. Such Services may not function properly or may become inoperable if these third parties discontinue their services.

3.6 Support. Oculus will be responsible for all billing questions related to the purchase of Services and for support with respect to the Oculus platform. Oculus has no obligation to provide support for Third-party Content. Please contact us through the support portal at https://support.oculus.com for assistance.

3.7 Availability. The Services and Content may not be available in all territories and jurisdictions, and we may restrict or prohibit use of all or a portion of the Services and Content in certain territories and jurisdictions.

3.8 Network costs. You may be charged by your network provider for data services or any other third-party charges as may arise while using the Services, and you accept responsibility for such charges. If you are not the bill payer, we will assume that you have received permission from the bill payer.

4. Purchasing Services
4.1 Purchasing Services from Oculus. You may only purchase Services for your personal use or to give as a gift unless otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms. You may not purchase Services from Oculus for commercial use or resale, although you may use Oculus Services to develop and test content, software or applications intended for distribution by Oculus.

When placing an order or making a purchase, you will be required to provide us with information, such as your address and billing information. You represent and warrant that all such information is accurate, and you will ensure that such information is kept up to date. Oculus will have no responsibility or liability for inaccurate information or information that later becomes outdated, and Oculus will have no obligation to make efforts to determine the correct contact or delivery information. For most Services, you can manage your information within your account settings. For product purchases pending dispatch, you can update your information at any time prior to dispatch at https://shop.oculus.com/history. We will not take payment for product purchases until Order Acceptance (see below).

After you place an order, you may receive a communication from us acknowledging that we have received your order ("Order Acknowledgement"). Please note that receiving the Order Acknowledgement does not mean that your order has been accepted. We will confirm our acceptance of your order by sending you a communication that confirms that the order has been processed or the goods have been dispatched – when applicable ("Order Acceptance"). The contract between us in relation to the applicable Services will be formed when we send you the Order Acceptance.

Any delivery dates or times provided by us (or a courier) are estimates only and are not guaranteed. The risk of loss of physical goods that you purchase and the responsibility to insure the goods passes to you upon delivery of the goods to you.

Nothing in these Terms shall affect your statutory rights to reject physical goods that, when received by you, are damaged or defective.

4.2 Pre-orders. In advance of a new Service launch, it may be possible to place pre-orders.

The price of the Service that you pre-order will be as quoted to you at the time when you submit your pre-order, and may include tax and delivery charges when applicable. Placing a pre-order does not guarantee delivery of a Service.

When the Service is ready for dispatch or delivery, we will contact you to provide you with your purchase confirmation (including delivery costs and any taxes where applicable). This shall constitute the Order Acceptance.

4.3 Our right to reject your order. At any time prior to Order Acceptance, we reserve the right to decline or reject your order. If this occurs, we will attempt to notify you. Some reasons for rejection can include: (a) we are unable to supply you with the Service, for example because that item is no longer available or because of an error in the price at the point of sale; (b) you do not live in a country or region from which the Services may be purchased; or (c) you order more than the permitted maximum number of Services. If you have already paid, we will refund you the full amount, including any delivery costs charged.

4.4 Your right to cancel or return physical goods. You may cancel your order or pre-order of physical goods at any time prior to dispatch and Order Acceptance. After the goods have been delivered to you, you have the right, within 30 days from the date of your receipt of the goods, to cancel our contract with you and return the goods. This right does not apply to any goods that have been used, or are stated by us to be non-returnable, including any items or goods that have been personalised or modified in accordance with your instructions. The goods must be fully returned in the original packaging with the applicable proof of purchase, and you will be responsible for the cost of returning the goods to us. If, on return to us, it is determined that the goods have been used or damaged, are missing components or are not in a resalable condition, we may charge a 15% restocking fee or otherwise reduce the amount of your refund to take into account the damage, use or missing components.

To cancel your order or return your goods, you must inform us of your decision by following the instructions at https://support.oculus.com.

4.5 Content transactions. You may have the ability to purchase digital content through the Services. You may also have the ability to purchase additional or enhanced functionality or media content within certain Services (collectively, "In-app Purchases"). Except as described in these Terms, we have no responsibility for any transactions that you enter into with a third party for Third-party Content or In-app Purchases and assume no liability for Third-party Content or Third-party In-app Purchases that occur within Third-party Content.

4.6 Errors. We attempt to be as accurate as possible and to eliminate errors in relation to our Services; however, we do not represent or warrant that any Service descriptions or pricing information are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. In the event of an error, we reserve the right to correct such error and revise your order accordingly (which includes charging the correct price) or to cancel the order and refund any amount charged. If we discover a pricing or other material error related to a Service that has yet to be dispatched or delivered, we will contact you to inform you of this error and give you the option of continuing to purchase at the correct price or cancelling your order. If we are unable to contact you using the contact details that you provided during the order process, we will treat the order as cancelled.

4.7 Account. You may be required to be a registered user in order to purchase some Services. You are responsible for all charges incurred in connection with your account. Oculus may attempt to collect unpaid charges, including by attempting additional charges to your payment instrument, use of collections agencies and any other legal means. If you decide to cancel your account, Oculus reserves the right, subject to any limitations under applicable laws, to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred before cancellation. Any delinquent or unpaid accounts must be settled before Oculus will allow you to register again.

4.8 Virtual items. Your purchase of a virtual item or in-game currency within the Services is a payment for a limited, non-assignable licence to access and use such content or functionality in the Services. Virtual items (including characters and character names) or in-game currency purchased or available to you in the Services can only be used in connection with the Services where you obtained them or where they were developed by you as a result of gameplay. These items are not redeemable or subject to refund and cannot be traded outside of the Services for money or other items for value. We may modify or discontinue virtual items or in-game currency at any time.

4.9 Pricing and payment. We may accept various forms of payment, including credit and debit cards, and payments made through PayPal and Facebook Payments. Additional terms with your payment provider may apply.

By submitting an order or pre-order, you acknowledge that you are authorised to use the designated payment method, and you authorise us to charge your order to that payment method. When you provide your payment information, you authorise us (or a third-party payment processor) to process and store your payment and related information. Depending on where you are located or ask to have Services delivered, Oculus may utilise an agent, subsidiary or affiliate to process payment and delivery. In the event that the payment method that you designate cannot be verified, is invalid or is not otherwise acceptable, we may suspend or cancel your order. You are responsible for resolving any problems that we encounter in order to proceed with your order.

Prices are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel orders at any time and at our sole discretion.

4.10 Taxes. If your purchase or use of the Services is subject to any type of value-added tax, duty or other governmental tax or fee ("Taxes"), then we may charge you for those Taxes. Applicable Taxes may be presented at checkout. You are responsible for any Taxes due with respect to your use of the Services.

4.11 Content cancellations; returns. All purchases of digital content are final, except as required by law or as described in our Mobile and Rift Content Refund Policies. Once you've purchased Content, we encourage you to download, install and/or access it promptly. If you are located in the EU, you consent that the supply of the digital content may begin immediately following the completion of your purchase and you acknowledge that you therefore will lose any statutory rights that you may have to withdraw and receive a refund. If you are unable to download, install or access purchased content, please contact us through the support portal at https://support.oculus.com.

5. Acceptable use
By accessing or using the Services, you agree that you will not: (a) access or use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit anyone from fully enjoying the Services, including, but not limited to, defamatory, harassing, threatening, bigoted, hateful, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise offensive behaviour or content; (b) damage, disable, overburden or impair the functionality of the Services in any manner; (c) access or use the Services for any illegal or unauthorised purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any illegal activity or any activity that violates these Terms, community standards or any other terms or policies provided in connection with the Services; (d) use or attempt to use another user's account without authorisation from such user; (e) modify, adapt, hack or emulate the Services; (f) use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided or authorised by us to access the Services or to extract data; (g) circumvent or attempt to circumvent any filtering, security measures or other features designed to protect the Services or third parties; and (h) infringe upon or violate the rights of Oculus, our users or any third party.

6. User Content
Our Services may include interactive features and areas where you may submit, post, upload, publish, email, send or otherwise transmit content, including, but not limited to, text, images, photos, videos, sounds, virtual-reality environments or features, software and other information and materials (collectively, "User Content"). Unless otherwise agreed to, we do not claim any ownership rights in or to your User Content. By submitting User Content through the Services, you grant Oculus a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual (i.e. lasting forever), non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free and fully sublicensable (i.e. we can grant this right to others) right to use, copy, display, store, adapt, publicly perform and distribute such User Content in connection with the Services. You irrevocably consent to any and all acts or omissions by us or persons authorised by us that may infringe any moral right (or analogous right) in your User Content.

You are solely responsible for the User Content that you make available through the Services and you represent and warrant that (a) you either are the sole and exclusive rights owner of all User Content that you provide or you have obtained all rights, licences, permissions, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Oculus the rights specified in this section; (b) the provision of your User Content, and our subsequent use of such User Content, will not infringe, misappropriate or violate any third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable laws or regulations; and (c) your User Content does not violate our community standards.

Oculus does not endorse or guarantee the opinions, views, advice or recommendations posted or sent by users. Oculus has no responsibility or liability for User Content made available through the Services, and we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor such content. However, we do reserve the right, and have absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit User Content at any time and for any reason.

In the event that you are a developer who submits User Content to Oculus, you acknowledge and agree that our agreements with you as a developer may supersede this section of the Terms.

7. Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy, which is available at https://www.oculus.com/legal/privacy-policy/, is incorporated into these Terms and sets forth how we treat data, including how we collect, use and disclose information.

In addition, certain third parties (such as developers of Third-party Content and the manufacturers of your computer, mobile phone or other devices) may collect information about you when you use the Services. These third parties have their own privacy policies and will treat the information that they collect about you in accordance with these policies. We encourage you to review these privacy policies before providing any information to third parties. We are not responsible for the accuracy of any third party's privacy policy or for ensuring that third parties comply with their privacy policies.

8. Additional Terms
These Terms are in addition to, and do not replace or change, any other agreements that you enter into with Oculus, which may include, but are not limited to, our developer agreements, special device terms of use, community standards and contest, competition or promotion-related terms. In addition, if you purchase physical goods from Oculus, other terms of sale or promotion may apply from time to time.

Your purchase and use of Third-party Content may be subject to additional terms, including, but not limited to, third-party end-user agreements, and privacy policies. We encourage you to review any third-party agreements and policies carefully before accessing, downloading or using Third-party Content.

9. Ratings
We may display age, comfort and content ratings for digital content that are based on information provided to us by the developers of such content. We cannot guarantee that digital content ratings will always be accurate, nor can we promise that you will not find some material harmful, offensive, indecent or objectionable.

10. Ownership and intellectual property
Unless otherwise indicated, the Services are the property of Oculus or our licensors and are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.

Oculus, Oculus VR, Rift and the Oculus logo ("Oculus Marks") are trademarks or registered trademarks of Oculus VR, LLC. The Oculus Marks and those of its affiliates may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without prior written permission, including as authorised by any applicable brand guidelines. All other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners and may not be used without permission of the applicable trademark holder.

11. Feedback
Separate and apart from User Content, you may submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information about Oculus and our Services (collectively, "Feedback"). You agree that Oculus and its affiliates shall be able to use the Feedback in any way it may choose without any obligation to you.

12. Export compliance and US Government rights
You will comply with all applicable export control laws of the United States and any other applicable governmental authority, including, without limitation, the US Export Administration Regulations ("Export Laws"). You will not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export or download any products, services or technology of Oculus, including, without limitation, the Services: (a) to any individual, entity or country prohibited by Export Laws, including by any US sanctions programme; (b) to anyone on the SDN List, the Denied Persons List or Entity List or other export control lists; or (c) for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including nuclear, chemical or biological weapons proliferation or the development of missile technology. You further represent and warrant that no US federal agency has suspended, revoked or denied your export privileges and you are not listed on the SDN List.

The Services, including all related software, technical data and documentation, are "Commercial Items" as that term is defined in Section 2.101 of Title 48 of the US Code of Federal Regulations (U.S.C.). We provide the Services for US Government end use solely in accordance with the following: (a) the Services are licensed only as Commercial Items; and (b) the US Government will have the same rights as all other end users pursuant to these Terms. This customary commercial licence is provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR 12.212 (Software) and, for US Department of Defense transactions, DFARS 252.227-7015 (Technical Data – Commercial Items) and DFARS 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer Software or Computer Software Documentation). If a US Government agency has a need for any additional rights, it must negotiate directly with Oculus to determine if the parties can negotiate an acceptable licence amendment that must be included in any applicable contract or agreement.

13. Copyright complaints
In accordance with the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable laws, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also, at our sole discretion, limit access to the Services and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

If you believe that anything on or available through the Services infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below:

Address: 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA

Phone: +1 650 543 4800

Fax: +1 510 474 1786

Email address: IP@oculus.com

FAO: General Counsel

Please see Section 512 (c) (3) of Title 17 of the US Code (available at http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512) for the requirements of a proper notification. If you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and legal fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.

14. Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create text hyperlinks to our websites for non-commercial purposes; however, you may not use our logos or other proprietary graphics to link to our sites without our express written permission.

The Services may contain links to third-party websites, applications or other third-party services, and you understand that by accessing third-party links, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate. You understand and agree that we are not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such third-party properties or the content, products or services made available through such properties.  We do not endorse or control such third-party properties and we make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such properties. If you access or use any third-party properties, you should also be aware that such third parties' terms and policies will govern.

15. Disclaimers
15.1 THERE ARE IMPORTANT HEALTH AND SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS THAT YOU MUST READ BEFORE USING THE SERVICES, WHICH ARE AVAILABLE AT https://www.oculus.com/legal/health-and-safety-warnings/. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THESE WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS. WE MAY UPDATE OR REVISE THESE WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS, SO PLEASE REVIEW THEM PERIODICALLY. ADDITIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS MAY BE PROVIDED BY DEVELOPERS IN RELATION TO SPECIFIC THIRD-PARTY CONTENT. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU WILL READ ALL HEALTH AND SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THE SERVICES.

15.2 YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. AS BETWEEN YOU AND OCULUS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", BASIS, AND OCULUS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN), INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, OCULUS DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR VIRUS-FREE; OR (C) ANY DEFECTS IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION, GUIDELINES OR ADVICE GIVEN BY OCULUS WILL CREATE A WARRANTY. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE LAWS OF SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

16. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Oculus and our affiliates, independent contractors and service providers, and each of our respective directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, "Oculus Parties") from and against all third-party claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable legal fees) caused by, arising out of or related to (a) your purchase or use of, or inability to use, the Services; (b) your violation of these Terms or any other applicable terms, policies, warnings or instructions provided by Oculus or a third party in relation to the Services; (c) your violation of any applicable law or any rights of any third party; or (d) any User Content or Feedback that you provide.

17. Limitation of liability
THE OCULUS PARTIES SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, EVEN IF AN OCULUS PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE OCULUS PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT THAT YOU PAID US TO USE OUR SERVICES. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF CERTAIN DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE LAWS OF SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THESE TERMS, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS EXCLUDES OR LIMITS OUR LIABILITY FOR FRAUD OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE.

18. Dispute resolution
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO SUBMIT TO BINDING ARBITRATION (JURY TRIAL WAIVER) OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES (OTHER THAN SPECIFIED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS AND SMALL CLAIMS) WITH OCULUS AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM OCULUS (NO CLASS ARBITRATIONS, CLASS ACTIONS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS OR ARBITRATIONS).

18.1 Binding arbitration; Disputes; small claims. You and Oculus agree to waive any right to a jury trial, or the right to have any Dispute resolved in any court, and instead accept the use of binding arbitration (which is the referral of a Dispute to one or more impartial persons for a final and binding determination); provided, however, that you have the right to litigate any Dispute in small claims court, if all of the requirements of the small claims court, including any limitations on jurisdiction and the amount at issue in the Dispute, are satisfied. You agree to bring a Dispute in small claims court in San Mateo County, California, or, if you reside in the US, in a small claims court in your county of residence. "Dispute" as used in this Section 18 means any dispute, cause of action, claim or controversy arising out of or in any way related to Oculus, these Terms, the subject matter of these Terms or access to and use of the Services, including, but not limited to, contract, personal injury, tort, warranty, statute or regulation, or other legal or equitable basis and disputes that involve third parties (such as developers of Third-party Content), except any dispute, cause of action, claim or controversy relating to Oculus' intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and/or patents). You and Oculus empower the arbitrator with the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability or enforceability of these terms or formation of this contract, including the arbitrability of any dispute and any claim that all or any part of these terms are void or voidable.

18.2 No class arbitrations, class actions or representative actions. You and Oculus agree that any Dispute is personal to you and Oculus, and that any Dispute shall only be resolved by an individual arbitration and shall not be brought as a class arbitration, a class action or any other representative proceeding. Neither party agrees to class arbitration, or an arbitration where a person brings a Dispute as a representative of any other person or persons. Neither you nor Oculus agree that a Dispute can be brought as a class or representative action whether inside or outside arbitration, or on behalf of any other person or persons.

18.3 US Federal Arbitration Act. You and Oculus agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the enforceability of Section 18 shall be governed by, construed and enforced, both substantively and procedurally, by the US Federal Arbitration Act, Title 9 (1) et seq. U.S.C. ("FAA") to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

18.4 Confidentiality. The arbitrator, Oculus and you shall maintain the confidentiality of any proceedings, including, but not limited to, any and all information gathered, prepared and presented for the purposes of the arbitration or related to the Dispute(s) therein. The arbitrator shall have the authority to make appropriate rulings to safeguard that confidentiality, unless the law provides to the contrary.

18.5 Process. Our goal is to resolve claims fairly and quickly. Accordingly, for any Dispute that you have against Oculus, you agree to first contact Oculus and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending a written notice of your claim ("Notice") to Oculus. The Notice to Oculus must be sent by certified post addressed to: General Counsel, Oculus VR, LLC, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. The Notice must (a) include your name, residence address and the email address and/or mobile telephone number associated with your account; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. If you and Oculus cannot reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after such Notice is received, then either party may, as appropriate in accordance with this Section 18, commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in court. You and Oculus agree that any Dispute must be commenced or filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, the Dispute is permanently barred.

In the event that you and Oculus cannot resolve a Dispute and you do not pursue your claims through small claims court, you or Oculus shall promptly submit the Dispute to binding arbitration at the office of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"). In the event AAA declines or is unable to administer the arbitration, you and Oculus agree to use an arbitration forum or arbitrator that you and Oculus mutually agree upon. If, after making a reasonable effort, you and Oculus are not able to agree upon an arbitration forum or arbitrator, AAA or a court having proper jurisdiction will appoint an arbitration forum or arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Rules") then in effect. The AAA Rules and other information about AAA and arbitration are readily available at http://www.adr.org, by calling +1 800 778 7879 or by post to 120 Broadway, Floor 21, New York, NY 10271, USA. By entering into these Terms, you either (1) acknowledge that you have read and understand the AAA Rules; or (2) waive reading the AAA Rules and waive any claim that the AAA Rules are unfair in any way. You and Oculus agree that these Terms govern the arbitration, and that the applicable AAA Rules shall be subject to changes in procedures that AAA may make from time to time.

As limited by the FAA, these Terms and the applicable AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the exclusive power and jurisdiction to make all procedural and substantive decisions concerning the Dispute, provided, however, that this power does not include the power to conduct a class arbitration or a representative action, which is prohibited by these Terms (as stated above). The arbitrator may only conduct an individual arbitration, may not consolidate more than one person's claims and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding, or any proceeding on behalf of or involving more than one person or persons.

Unless the arbitrator finds that the arbitration was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, Oculus will pay all filing, AAA and arbitrator's fees and expenses. If the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of our last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or if we did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected), then we will pay you the amount of the award or USD 5,000, whichever is greater, and pay your legal adviser, if any, the amount of legal fees incurred, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that you or your legal adviser reasonably accrue for investigating, preparing and pursuing your claim in arbitration. We waive any right to seek an award of legal fees and expenses in connection with any non-frivolous arbitration between you and us.

18.6 Right to opt out. You may opt out of this agreement to arbitrate. If you do so, neither you nor Oculus can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify us in writing within 30 days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision, and must include your name and home address, the email address that you use for your Oculus account (if you have one) and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement. Any requests to opt out must be sent to: General Counsel, Oculus VR, LLC, 1601 Willow Rd., Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.

Unless you choose to opt out, this dispute resolution provision in Section 18 shall survive termination of these Terms.

19. Governing law
19.1 Oculus is based in the United States and our Services are subject to US law. We make no representations or warranties that the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations.

19.2 The laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern your access to and use of the Services. Your access to and use of the Services may also be subject to other local, regional, national or international laws.

19.3 To the extent that the provisions in Section 18 do not apply, you further agree that all disputes, causes of action, claims or controversies arising under these Terms that cannot be settled through informal negotiation will be resolved exclusively in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating all such claims.

20. Modifications to the Services
Oculus reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, discontinue or disable access to the Services or particular portions thereof, at any time and without notice. In no event will Oculus be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any portion or feature of the Services.

21. Termination
We reserve the right to terminate your right to access and use the Services if you violate these Terms or any other terms or policies referenced herein, or if you otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us.

22. Severability
If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

23. Assignment
You may not assign these Terms or any of the rights granted hereunder without the prior written consent of Oculus, and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be void. Subject to the foregoing restriction, these Terms will be fully binding upon, inure to the benefit of and enforceable by us and our respective successors and assignees.

24. Non-waiver
Any failure by Oculus to insist upon or enforce performance by you of any of the provisions of these Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under these Terms or otherwise by law will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any right to assert or rely upon the provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance; rather, the provision, right or remedy will be and remain in full force and effect.

25. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms or our Services, please contact us through the support portal at https://support.oculus.com.

26. Special provisions applicable to users outside the United States
Certain specific terms that apply only for German users are available at https://www.oculus.com/legal/terms-applicable-to-germany/. Please review these terms carefully if you reside in Germany.


Terms of Service

THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") GOVERNS YOUR USE OF ONAVO MOBILE LTD’S AND ONAVO INC'S ("ONAVO", "WE", "OUR", OR "US") MOBILE DATA USAGE REDUCTION SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS (THE "APPS"), THE ONAVO WEBSITE AT WWW.ONAVO.COM (THE "WEBSITE"), AND OTHER WEBSITES AND ONLINE SERVICES THAT LINK TO THESE TERMS (COLLECTIVELY, INCLUDING THE APPS AND THE WEBSITE, THE "SERVICES"). PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY IT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.

This Agreement applies to the use of the Services and any Content (defined below) included therein by every computer or other communication means (such as cellular phones, wireless mobile devices, PDA's, etc.). This Agreement further applies to the use of the Services via the Internet or any other communication networks. For your reference, a Definitions section is included at the end of this Agreement.

You affirm that you are at least 13 years old. If you are under 13 years of age you may not use the Services.

THESE TERMS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH STATE THAT YOU AND ONAVO AGREE TO RESOLVE CERTAIN DISPUTES THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND GIVE UP ANY RIGHT TO HAVE THOSE DISPUTES DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR JURY. YOU MAY OPT OUT OF THIS PART OF THE TERMS. SEE SECTION 20.3. PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY.

1. The Services

Onavo provides Apps that perform functions like compressing mobile data, analyzing mobile data usage, and helping to secure mobile data communications on certain mobile platforms and communication networks. By using the Apps, your access to the Internet through your device may be routed through Onavo's servers, which, among other things, may compress the data transmitted and reduce the volume of your downloads and/or uploads, analyze your mobile data usage, or help secure your information, for your benefit. For more information about Onavo's Services, please visit the Website.

2. Grant of License

Onavo grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license, without right to sub-license, to access and use the Services, solely for your own personal purposes, subject to the terms and condition of this Agreement. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Onavo. You may not interfere in any manner with the functionality of the Services or use the Services in any way that breaches any code of conduct, policy or other notice applicable to the Services.

3. IP Ownership

Onavo alone shall own all rights, title and interest evidenced by, embodied in, and/or attached/connected/related to the Services, including, but not limited to, all related Intellectual Property Rights (defined below) in and to the Services, the Content, Onavo Technology (defined below) and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information provided by you or any other party relating to the Services. Onavo's name, trademarks, service marks, logos, and the product names associated with the Services are trademarks and/or service marks and/or trade names owned by Onavo or third parties who licensed their rights to Onavo, and no right or license is granted hereunder to use them.

The Onavo Apps and any software that is made available to download from the Website is copyrighted and is subject to this Agreement. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Apps or the software not in accordance with this Agreement is expressly prohibited, and may result in civil and criminal penalties.

Unless otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement, you may not copy, distribute, display or perform publicly, sublicense, decompile, disassemble, reduce to human readable form, execute publicly, make available to the public, adapt, make commercial use, process, compile, translate, sell, lend, rent, reverse engineer, combine with other software, modify or create derivative works of any of the Services, which are subject to Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights, either by yourself or by a third party on your behalf, in any way or by any means, including, but not limited to electronic, mechanical or optical means, other than as expressly permitted in this Agreement.

You may not adapt or use otherwise any name, mark or logo that is identical, or confusingly similar to any of Onavo's trademarks. When used with Onavo's permission, all trademarks must be identified as trademarks of Onavo using the appropriate symbol (e.g., ™ or ®).

You must avoid any action or omission which may dilute, or tarnish Onavo's goodwill or reputation.

You agree to abide by all messages and signs pertaining to proprietary rights, such as – Copyright mark [©] or Trademark [® or ™] accompanying the Content. You agree to retain and not to distort, remove or tamper with any trademark, logo, copyright or other intellectual property notice appearing on or contained within the Services, whether of Onavo or any other third parties.

We do not claim ownership over content, such as text and images, that you may upload through the Services. However, when you do so, you represent and warrant that you are the rightful owner of all rights to that content or that you are licensed by the rightful owners to post and use such content on the Internet through the Services, in accordance with these terms. Without derogating from the foregoing, Onavo does not endorse or assume any responsibility with respect to content posted by users through the Services and marked improperly.

This Agreement does not convey to you any ownership interest in or to the Services, but only a limited and revocable right of use in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of Onavo's Intellectual Property Rights under any law. Use of the Services in violation of the limited license granted hereunder will result in the termination of this license and may expose you to claims for damages. You agree to take all necessary steps to prevent any unauthorized disclosure or use of the Services, or any part thereof, by others.

Installing or using the Services on your mobile device transmits to Onavo certain information about your device and how you use it in connection with the services. For example, we may receive information such as the type of device you use, its operating system, your mobile carrier, your device identifier, applications you have installed, your usage of applications and their data consumption and the activities you have undertaken in relation to the Services. By installing or using the Services you agree that we can receive this information. You further represent and warrant that you are the rightful owner of all such data that Onavo collects or that you are permitted by the rightful owners to grant us the rights to use it in accordance with this Agreement.

4. Responsibilities and Acceptable Use of the Services

4.1. You are responsible for all of the acts or omissions associated with your access and use of the Services and the access and use of the Services by anyone on your behalf. You will abide by all applicable local, state, national and foreign laws, treaties and regulations in connection with your use of the Services, including without limitation those related to data privacy, international communications and the transmission of technical or personal data. You will comply with any instructions concerning access to and/or use of the Services that Onavo may offer from time to time.

4.2. You specifically agree not to, in any way: (i) access (or attempt to access) the Services by any unauthorized or automated means, other than through the interface that is provided by Onavo; (ii) breach this Agreement or any other applicable rules and instructions that we may convey with respect to the use of the Services; (iii) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or damage the performance of the Services or any other computer system or network or circumvent or manipulate the operation, or functionality of the Services, including any hosting services provided to facilitate the Services; (iv) use the Services for commercial purposes; including but not limited to, sending commercial email solicitation or advertisements, or any unsolicited bulk e-mail or unsolicited commercial e-mail or any activities that violate anti-spamming laws and regulations; (v) post false, inaccurate, or misleading content or content which is not compatible with the rules of behavior in any of the Services; (vi) use robots, crawlers and similar applications to collect and compile Content from the Services, for the purposes of competing with the Services, or in such ways that might impair or disrupt the Services' functionality; (vii) impersonate any person or entity, or make any false statement pertaining to your identity, employment, agency or affiliation with any person or entity; (viii) collect or process personally identifying information of the Services' users without their explicit consent; (ix) post commercial content, including advertisements, sponsorships, solicitations, endorsements and public relations material, except as expressly permitted and in designated zones only; (x) export illegally any controlled or restricted items, including software, algorithms, or other data that is subject to export laws; (xi) engage in any illegal activities, including advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available gambling sites or services or disseminating, promoting or facilitating child pornography; (xii) violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device involved in the Services; (xiii) interfere with the proper functioning of any System, including deliberate attempts to overload a system by mail bombing or flooding techniques; (xiv) send, store, provide or link through the Services to any content or material that may reasonably be deemed as: 
• Software viruses, Trojan horses, worms, vandals, spyware and any other malicious applications or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Services; 
• Encouraging, supporting, assisting, providing instructions or advising in the committing of a criminal offense, under the applicable laws; 
• Constituting a violation of a person's right for privacy or right of publicity; 
• Prohibited by any applicable law, including court restraining orders, to be posted, published, disseminated, or otherwise made available to the public; 
• Threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; 
• Unsolicited commercial communications ('spam'), chain letters, or pyramid schemes.

 Should Onavo become aware that you have violated section 4.2 above, Onavo shall be entitled, at its own discretion, to remove the content in violation immediately, terminate your user account under section 9 below and/or notify the relevant authorities. 

WE MAY EMPLOY VARIOUS TECHNOLOGICAL MEASURES TO MONITOR, DETECT AND PREVENT MISUSE OF THE SERVICES. WE MAY USE SUCH MEASURES AND THE DATA COLLECTED THROUGH THEM, IN ORDER TO ENFORCE THIS AGREEMENT AND HANDLE THE RESULTS OF ANY WRONGDOINGS OR MISCONDUCT WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES.

5. Registration and User account

Registration for the Services is free of charge. When you register for the Services we will ask you to provide us with certain contact and personal details. False, incorrect, or outdated information may prevent you from registering and impair our ability to contact you.

You are fully accountable for any outcome resulting from your failure to provide true, accurate and complete details in the course of the registration process, and for any use or misuse of your account.

6. Privacy

By using the Services, you indicate that you understand and consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in our Privacy Policy, which is available at: http://www.onavo.com/privacy_policy.

7. Availability & Internet Delays

Onavo will make reasonable efforts to have the Services running efficiently and accessible at all times. However, the availability and functionality of the Services depend on various factors and elements, including software, hardware and communication networks provided by third parties. These factors are not fault free. Onavo does not warrant that the Services will operate in an uninterrupted or error-free manner, or that they will always be available, free from all harmful components, or that they are safe, secured from unauthorized access to the Services’ computers, immune from damages, free of malfunctions, bugs or failures, including, but not limited to hardware failures, software failures and software communication failures, originating either in Onavo or any other provider. Such incidents will not be considered a breach of this Agreement.

8. Data Modification

Onavo’s Services may make certain technical modifications to data that you send or receive for your benefit. Such modifications include, but are not limited to, changing of fonts, reducing picture resolutions, encrypting data, etc. Such modifications are an integral part of certain Services, such as the Apps, and you hereby acknowledge them and agree to them. If you do not agree to these modifications, please do not install the Apps and refrain from using the Services.

9. Term and Termination

Onavo may terminate this Agreement, or terminate or suspend your access to any of the Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice. Upon such termination or suspension, your right to use the Services will immediately cease. You may discontinue your use of the Services for any reason and at any time. You may remove the configuration of the Service from your mobile device. You may also cancel your user account by contacting us at support@onavo.com. You agree and acknowledge that we do not assume any responsibility with respect to, or in connection with the termination of the Services' operations and loss of any data as a result.

Any unauthorized use of the Services or other failure by you to comply with the terms of this Agreement will be deemed a material breach of this Agreement and will entitle Onavo, without derogating from any other remedies available to it, to immediately suspend or terminate this Agreement with no liability to you.

10. Disclaimer of Warranties

10.1. THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED TO YOU STRICTLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS IN RELATION TO THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW BY ONAVO (INCLUDING ITS AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNEES) AND ITS LICENSORS. WITHOUT DEROGATING FROM THE AFORESAID, ONAVO AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTY AS TO THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SERVICES, THE ONAVO TOOLS OR ANY CONTENT. ONAVO (INCLUDING ITS AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNEES) AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED, UNSUSPENDED FOR UNSCHEDULED DOWNTIME, FREE OF LIMITATIONS, OR ERROR-FREE OR OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR DATA; (B) THE SERVICES AND/OR THEIR QUALITY WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS; (C) ANY CONTENT WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (D) ERRORS OR DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; (E) THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKE THE SERVICES AVAILABLE ARE SAFE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR SECURE FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS; (F) THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKE THE SERVICES AVAILABLE ARE IMMUNE FROM ANY INTERRUPTION OR SUSPENSION CAUSED BY FACTORS OUTSIDE OF ONAVO OR THE SERVERS' OPERATORS' REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING ANY FORCE MAJEURE EVENT OR INTERNET ACCESS OR RELATED PROBLEMS; (G) THAT YOUR MOBILE DEVICE WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH ONAVO’S SOFTWARE AND SERVICES; OR (H) THAT THE DATA TRANSFERRED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL ALWAYS BE COMPLETE, TIMELY AND WITHOUT ANY CHANGES. ONAVO SHALL BE EXCUSED FROM THE PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT INSOFAR AS THE PERFORMANCE IS PREVENTED OR INTERFERED WITH DUE TO DETRIMENTAL ACTS OR CONDITIONS OF THIRD PARTIES, SUCH AS SERVICE OR COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS.

ANY APPS DOWNLOADED FROM ONAVO ARE SUBJECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHICH SHOULD BE REVIEWED CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING ONAVO'S APPS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED AS AN EXAMPLE ONLY AND THAT YOU WILL EXERCISE YOUR OWN INDEPENDENT ANALYSIS AND JUDGMENT IN YOUR USE OF THESE SERVICES. ONAVO ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE CONTENT OR ANY APPLICATIONS ASSISTANCE PROVIDED BY ONAVO. USE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE MAY REQUIRE A LICENSE FROM ONAVO OR A THIRD PARTY UNDER THE PATENTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ONAVO OR THAT THIRD PARTY.

10.2.   Onavo reserves the right to make corrections, modifications, enhancements, improvements and other changes to the Services at any time or to discontinue the Services without notice.  

11. Limitation of Liability

11.1. IN NO EVENT SHALL ONAVO BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR KIND (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, ANY INTERRUPTION, INACCURACY, ERROR OR OMISSION, EVEN IF ONAVO HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11.2. Certain states and/or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental, consequential or certain other types of damages, so the exclusions set forth above may not apply to you.

11.3. Insofar as the Services utilize components or functions operated or managed by third parties, Onavo will not be liable for any form of liability, including, but not limited to any direct or indirect damage, pecuniary or otherwise, arising from the use of, reliance on, or in connection with, such third parties’ components and functions.

12. Links

The Services may contain links to other websites or mobile applications provided by third parties. We do not operate or monitor the content of these websites or mobile applications. You may find them or the information and content posted therein not compatible with your requirements, objectionable, annoying, improper, unlawful or immoral.

By linking to a third-party website or mobile application, we do not endorse or sponsor its content, confirm its accuracy, credibility, authenticity, reliability, validity, integrity or legality. We assume no responsibility for such third party websites, content or mobile applications, their availability, or for any transactions made between you and such third parties.  We will not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any third party websites, content or mobile application.

13. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, Onavo and its managers, directors, shareholders, employees, sub-contractors, agents, licensors and anyone acting on Onavo's behalf, at your own expense and immediately after receiving a written notice from us, from and against any damages, loss, costs, expenses and payments, including reasonable attorney’s fees and legal expenses, resulting from any complaint, claim, or demand, arising from, or in connection with your use of the Services, the content that you upload or provide through the Services, any communications that you convey through the Services, or your breach of this Agreement, or any other terms, rules or regulations applicable to the Services, or your violation, or infringement of other persons rights.

14. Notice

Onavo may give you notice by means of a general notice on the Services or by electronic mail to your e-mail address on record in Onavo's account information. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given upon the expiration of 48 hours after posting or 12 hours after sending by email.

15. Modification to Terms

Onavo reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement or its policies relating to the Services at any time.
You agree to be bound by any of the changes made in these terms of the Agreement, including changes to any and all documents, forms and policies incorporated thereto. Continued use of the Services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, then you must avoid any further use of the Services. The date at the bottom of this Agreement indicates the last date that the Agreement was updated.

We advise you to periodically read the terms of this Agreement, as they may change from time to time.

16. Survival

The provisions of the intellectual property, disclaimer of warranty, limitation of liability, and indemnification sections, and anything else that reasonably should be interpreted as surviving termination shall survive the termination, or expiration of the Agreement.

17. Contact Information

All requests for further information should be directed to: support@onavo.com.

18. Separate Terms and Conditions

In connection with your use of the Services, you may be asked to consent to policies or terms and conditions in addition to this Agreement. Please read these supplemental policies and terms carefully before making any use of such portions of the Services. Any supplemental terms will not vary or replace this Agreement regarding any use of the Services, unless otherwise expressly stated.

19. Definitions

Definitions as used in this Agreement and in any Subscription Orders now or hereafter associated herewith:

"Content" means the audio and visual information, documents, software, products and services contained in or made available to you in the course of using the Services that is owned by Onavo.

"Intellectual Property Rights" means unpatented inventions, patent applications, patents, design rights, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain name rights, mask work rights, know-how and other trade secret rights, and all other intellectual property rights, derivatives thereof, and forms of protection of a similar nature anywhere in the world and any goodwill associated therewith.

"Onavo Technology" means all of Onavo proprietary technology (including software, hardware, products, processes, algorithms, user interfaces, know-how, techniques, designs and other tangible or intangible technical material or information) made available to you by Onavo in providing the Services.

20. Choice of Law; Disputes; Arbitration; and Venue

20.1 Choice of Law. This Agreement, as well as any dispute, claim or controversy ("claim") that may arise between you and Onavo, shall be exclusively governed by the laws of California, United States, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions thereof.

20.2. Disputes. Our goal is to resolve claims fairly and quickly. Accordingly, for any claim that you have against us, you agree, prior to filing any suit or proceeding, to first contact us and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending us a written notice of your claim ("Notice"). The Notice should be sent by certified mail addressed to: Onavo, Inc., Attn: Legal – Arbitration Opt Out, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025. The Notice must (1) include your name, residence address, and the email address and/or mobile telephone number; (2) describe the nature and basis of the claim; and (3) set forth the specific relief sought. If you and we cannot reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after such Notice is received, then either party may, as appropriate in accordance with this Section 20, commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in court. You agree that any claim you have against us must be commenced or filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred.

20.3. Special Arbitration Provision and Class Action Waiver Applicable to Users in the US & Canada. Except for any claim relating to your or our intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and patents) ("Excluded Disputes"), you and Onavo agree to resolve through final and binding arbitration any claim between you and Onavo, including its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents and its affiliates’ officers, directors, employees and agents (whether or not such dispute also involves a third party), regarding any aspect of your relationship with us, including these Terms, your use of any of Onavo’s services, your rights of privacy and/or publicity, or any contacts you may have with us, directly or indirectly, for any reason ("Dispute").


1. If you cannot resolve a Dispute with us informally pursuant to Section 20.2, then, except as described elsewhere in Section 20, you and Onavo agree to submit the Dispute to a single arbitrator at the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its then-current Commercial Arbitration Rules, including the Optional Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, or, by separate mutual agreement, at another arbitration institution. The AAA’s rules, information regarding initiating a claim, and a description of the arbitration process are available at www.adr.org. The location of the arbitration and the allocation of fees and costs for such arbitration shall be determined in accordance with the AAA rules, except that we will reimburse you for all AAA administrative fees in Disputes that are subject to the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, unless the arbitrator determines that a claim or counterclaim was filed for purposes of harassment or is patently frivolous. As an alternative, you may bring your claim in your local "small claims" court, if permitted by that small claims court’s rules.
2. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the arbitrability of all Disputes between you and Onavo. The arbitrator will decide whether the Dispute can be arbitrated.
3. You and Onavo agree that each may bring Disputes against the other only on your or its own behalf, and not on behalf of any government official or other person, or any class of people. You and Onavo agree not to participate in a class action, a class-wide arbitration, claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person’s account, if Onavo is a party to the proceeding. You and Onavo agree not to combine a claim that is subject to arbitration under these Terms with a claim that is not eligible for arbitration under these Terms. You and Onavo agree to waive the right to a trial by jury for all Disputes. 
4. You may opt out of this agreement to arbitrate. If you do so, neither you nor Onavo can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify us in writing postmarked within 30 days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration agreement. You must use this address to opt out: 

Onavo, Inc. 
Attn: Arbitration Opt-Out 1601 Willow Road 
Menlo Park, CA 94025

You must include (1) your name and residence address; (2) your email address; and (3) a clear statement that you want to opt out of these Terms’ arbitration agreement.
5. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained in Section 20.3.3 is found to be unenforceable, then all of Section 16.3 will be null and void as to that Dispute.
6. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Onavo.

20.4. Venue. If you opt out of the arbitration agreement, if the arbitration agreement is found by a court to be unenforceable, if your claim is an Excluded Dispute, or if you neither are a resident of nor have a principal place of business in the US or Canada, you agree to resolve any claim you have with us arising out of or relating to these Terms or Onavo exclusively in a state or federal court located in San Mateo County, California, United States and to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in San Mateo County, California, United States for purpose of litigating all such claims.

21. Miscellaneous

This Agreement comprises the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision shall be construed, as nearly as possible, to reflect the intentions of the invalid or unenforceable provision, with all other provisions remaining in full force and effect. No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between the parties as a result of this Agreement or use of the Services. The failure of Onavo to enforce any right or provision in this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Onavo in writing. The section headings in the Agreement are included for convenience only and shall take no part in the interpretation, or construing of the Agreement. "Including", whether capitalized or not, means without limitation. This Agreement may not be assigned by you without the prior written approval of Onavo and any assignment without such prior written consent shall be void.

Last Updated: December 20, 2013
If you don't live in the European Economic Area, please read this Terms of Service.

Terms of Service
Last updated: December 14, 2018

Opera Software AS and its affiliates offer a number of different services through their respective websites and software. The terms of this document govern your use of those services. Please read this document carefully.

1. This is a contract.

a. These Terms of Service (“Terms”), along with Opera’s Privacy Statement, form a legally-binding contract between you and Opera Software AS, a Norwegian company whose principal place of business is Gjerdrumsvei 19, 0484, Oslo, Norway, as well as its affiliates (“Opera” and “we,” “us” and “our”). By using the Services (as defined below), you are agreeing to be legally bound by these Terms.  If you don’t agree with these Terms, you must discontinue using the Services.

b. As used in these Terms, the word “Services” applies to online services provided to you by Opera through its software applications, websites and APIs.

2. We expect you to be a responsible user.

a. You agree that you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You agree to follow all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations. You are solely responsible for all acts or omissions that occur while using any Services, including the content of any transmissions you send through the Services and any content you upload or publish using the Services.

b. We expect you to respect the rights of others. By using the Services, you agree that you will not upload, transfer, or otherwise make available files, images, code, materials, or other information or content (“Content”) that violates the rights of any third party, including their intellectual property rights, however defined.

c. You also agree not to upload, transfer, or otherwise make available any Content that is obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, or threatening. Opera strictly forbids unsolicited messaging and unauthorized advertisements while using the Services.

d. Opera has a zero-tolerance policy against child sexual abuse content and will terminate the access of any user who publishes or distributes child sexual abuse content. Furthermore, we will report such user to the appropriate authorities.

e. You are responsible for the security of your user account. Certain Services (including use of Opera’s forums) allow you to create a user account to access to certain Services. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user account and password. Additionally, you are also responsible for any and all activities that occur under your user account.

f. You acknowledge that information of any kind presented to you via the Services may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent and/or other proprietary rights and laws. You agree not to violate these laws or infringe these rights in any way.

g. Certain features of the Services may allow you to publish or send content that can be viewed by others (“User Generated Content”). You agree that Opera is not liable for User Generated Content that is provided by others. Opera has no duty to pre-screen User Generated Content, but Opera has the right to refuse to post, edit, or deliver User Generated Content. Opera reserves the right to remove User Generated Content for any reason, but Opera is not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such material. Opera reserves the right to block any user’s access to any content, website or webpage at our sole discretion.

h. Opera does not claim ownership of any User Generated Content. However, by submitting User Generated Content on any Service, including any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques described therein, you consent to Opera’s unrestricted use of those items.

i. If you upload any Content or User Generated Content to Opera’s sites, you warrant that you have the necessary rights and authority to do so, including the necessary consent to upload and distribute any personal information about third persons. You agree that you will not upload viruses or other forms of malware.

3. Details. For clarity, and consistent with the rest of these Terms, here are further details on specific Services that may be available through the Opera websites or software applications.

a. Extension catalog: Opera may offer a portfolio of third party browser extensions and themes (“Add-Ons”). Opera exercises no editorial control over the Add-Ons that you access through this Service.

b. Compression: Opera’s software applications include compression functionality to enable users to boost the download of web content such as webpages and/or videos. This functionality requests web content through Opera’s proxy or compression servers. Your browsing experience may change due to increased loading speeds. Certain webpages may not be available through proxy servers.

c. News recommendations: Opera’s software applications may include a current news feed feature to help you discover and access news content made available by third parties on the internet. Opera exercises no editorial control over any content that you access through this Service.

d. Synchronization: Opera allows you to enable synchronization of browser data such as your speed dials between Opera browsers on the devices you are using. This Service requires that you login to a social network service or create an Opera account.

e. Contextual hints: Opera’s browser for computers may include “Browser Assistant”, a component that provides contextual hints about certain Opera browser features and other useful information which you might be interested in. Browser Assistant is an optional component of the software.

f. Virtual Private Network: Through Opera’s browser for computers you may have access to a virtual private network (“VPN”). Consistent with other provisions of these terms, you agree not to use the VPN service in a manner that violates applicable law or otherwise infringes any third party’s rights. Opera does not guarantee that VPN service will always be available. The VPN feature is not an end-to-end service and it does not guarantee that any transmissions of information made while using VPN will be secure. Note that certain websites may not be accessible while using VPN.

g. Snapshot: Opera’s browser for computers may include functions that enable you to easily take screenshots of content viewed through the browser. This feature is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You agree never to use the feature in any way that violates applicable law, or the rights of any third party, including copyrights.

h. Virtual Reality functions: Opera’s browser for computers may include functions that facilitate access to virtual reality content using your virtual reality hardware. Your use of any virtual reality hardware and related services are governed by separate terms and conditions. Opera is not responsible for your use of your hardware, or for any virtual reality content produced by third parties.

4. The Services are provided without any warranties or guarantees. Opera does not guarantee that your use of the Services will be problem free. Although we work hard to provide the highest quality software and services, we cannot and do not guarantee that they will work perfectly every time or in every respect.

a. The Services are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind. Opera and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to the Services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.

b. Opera does not represent or warrant that the Services will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Services or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components.

c. In compliance with local law, certain Services and websites may not be available in some countries.

5. Certain Services are provided by third parties. Some Services accessible through the Opera software applications are provided by other companies (“Third Party Services”). Third Party Services may be subject to separate terms and conditions. These Third Party Services may include the following:

a. Geolocation API: A geolocation service provided by Google LLC. By using the service you accept Google’s Terms of Service available at https://policies.google.com/terms; and

b. WhatsApp: A messaging service provided by WhatsApp, Inc., whose terms of use are available at https://www.whatsapp.com/legal; and

c. Messenger: A messaging service provided by Facebook, Inc., whose terms of use are available at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms; and

d. Yandex.Zen: A content aggregation/recommendation service offered by Yandex Services AG and its affiliates. By using the Yandex.Zen service, you accept the Yandex.Zen Terms of Use published at https://yandex.com/legal/zen_termsofuse.

6. Your access to the Services is subject to change. Opera reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Services in whole or in part, and to terminate your access to the Services at any time, with or without notice. You agree that Opera shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services. Opera may also terminate or suspend your user account for inactivity, which is defined as failing to sign-in to the Services for an extended period of time, as determined by Opera. Opera reserves the right to assign its rights and responsibilities under these Terms to any third party.

7. Links to the Third Party Sites are available through the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites (“Third Party Sites”), as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties (“Third Party Content”). Opera has no control over and no responsibility for Third Party Sites or Third Party Content. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any Third Party Site or any Third Party Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by Opera.

8. Our Services are ad-supported. All our Services are generally provided free of charge. Opera incurs substantial development, collocation and bandwidth expenses in doing this. To support our business and continue providing you with the Services for free, we will display the advertisements of select partners to you. By using our Services, you consent to the placement of such advertisements within the Services.

9. Opera is not responsible for any damages you may incur as a result of your use of the Services.

a. You agree that Opera shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, any material or data sent or received or not sent or received, or any transactions entered into through the Services.

b. You agree that Opera is not responsible or liable for any threatening, defamatory, obscene, offensive, or illegal content or conduct of any other party or any infringement of another’s rights, including intellectual property rights. You specifically agree that Opera is not responsible for any content sent using and/or included in the Services by any third party.

c. In no event shall Opera and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Services, with the delay or inability to use the Services, the provision of or failure to provide any Services, or for any information, software, products, services, and related graphics obtained through the Services, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Services, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, even if opera or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply in every instance. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Services, or with any of these terms, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Services and related websites.

d. You agree to indemnify and hold Opera, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees, harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the Services.

10. We need you to respect our trademarks. The Opera word mark and the Opera, Opera News, and “O” logos are trademarks of Opera Software AS in Norway, the European Union and other countries. You agree that all such trademarks, trade names, service marks and other Opera logos and brand features, and product and service names are trademarks and the property of Opera (the “Opera Marks”). Without prior written permission, you agree not to display or use the Opera Marks in any manner.

11. These Terms are based on Norwegian law. These Terms are governed by the laws of Norway without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles that may require the application of the laws of a different country. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to these Terms. All actions or proceedings arising under or related to these Terms must be brought in the Oslo City Court, and each party hereby agree to irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in all such actions or proceedings. If any provision of these Terms is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms shall not be affected or impaired thereby.

12. Opera may modify these Terms. Opera may update these Terms or the Privacy Statement from time to time. The current version of these Terms are posted at https://www.opera.com/terms. The Privacy Statement is posted at https://www.opera.com/privacy. It is your responsibility to remain informed of any changes, because you are legally obligated to abide by the latest versions of these Terms and the Privacy Statement. You may not assign or transfer your rights under these Terms without obtaining Opera’s prior written consent, and any purported assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void.

13. Notice to rights holders. If you believe that any content accessible via the Services infringes your rights, you may submit a notification to Opera in which you provide the following information: (a) identification of the rights/works that are being infringed upon; (b) identification of the content that is infringing your rights (including URL(s) for the content); (c) your name, address, telephone number, and electronic mail address; (d) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by the rights holder, its agent, or the law; (e) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and (f) your physical or electronic signature, or that of a person authorized to act on your behalf, of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Notices may be sent to copyright@opera.com.

ADDITIONAL CRYPTO WALLET TERMS

Opera’s crypto wallet Service provides self-hosted, user controlled services related to Ethereum and related cryptographically secured tokens (“Crypto Currency”). While commonly referred to as a “wallet”, it is important for you to understand that, unlike cash in a physical wallet, Crypto Currency is not stored in the wallet.

Our wallet Service stores a key pair (an address or public key, as well as an encrypted private key). The key pair enables you to communicate with Ethereum-based blockchains (“Ethereum Networks”) through our wallet Service and without requiring you to download or install additional software to your device. Any Crypto Currency, however, is stored, sent and received by and within the relevant Ethereum Network. The wallet Service facilitates your communications with and use of these Ethereum Networks.

Ethereum Networks are peer-to-peer networks supported by third parties. In order to be completed, all proposed transactions must be confirmed and recorded in the Crypto Currency’s associated network. We have no control over the Ethereum Networks and, therefore, cannot and do not ensure that any transaction details that you submit will be confirmed and processed, or that this will occur in a timely manner. You should carefully asses the Ethereum Network and Crypto Currency with which you choose to transact. Use of our wallet Service is subject to these Terms of Service, including the following:

a. Create or Import a Wallet. To use this Service, you must either import an existing wallet or create a new wallet. If you create a new wallet, you will be assigned a key pair consisting of a public key (or address) for your wallet, as well as an encrypted private key. You will also be assigned a human readable, mnemonic pass phrase (“Backup Phrase”) for use in accessing your encrypted private key.

b. Write Down Your Backup Phrase. When creating a new wallet, you will be prompted to write down your Backup Phrase. Your wallet does not receive or store your Backup Phrase. Neither your key pair nor the Backup Phrase is available to us. We cannot, therefore, assist you with key pair or Backup Phrase retrieval. We cannot generate a new Backup Phrase for your wallet. You accept and acknowledge that any Crypto Currency you have associated with your wallet address will become inaccessible if you do not have your Backup Phrase. We also strongly encourage users to take a backup of their Backup Phrase as well as their key pair on an external medium.

c. Keep Your Backup Phrase Secure. The Backup Phrase can be used to unlock your encrypted private key, which is stored in a separate file on your device. The private key is connected to your wallet’s public address and, together, they can be used to authorize the transfer of Crypto Currency to and from that address. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Backup Phrase, and will be fully responsible for any and all activities that occur using such Backup Phrase.

d. You are Responsible to Manage Your Crypto Currency. Once transaction details have been submitted to an Ethereum Network it is not possible to cancel or otherwise modify your transaction. We have no control over any Ethereum Network and we do not have the ability to facilitate any cancellation or modification request. You must ensure that you have adequate Crypto Currency associated with your wallet address before initiating a transaction.

e. You Must Comply With the Law. You can only use our wallet Service if permitted under the laws of your jurisdiction. Please make sure that your use of the wallet Service are in compliance with all laws, rules, and regulations that apply to you. It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to your Crypto Currency transactions, and it is your responsibility to report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority where applicable. We are not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your transactions or for collecting, reporting, withholding, or remitting any taxes arising from any of your transactions.
PARADOX ACCOUNTS TERMS OF USE
Last update 2018-05-25

Changelog

Age limit to be able to open a Paradox Account has been increased from 13 to 16 years old
The Mod Policy has been included as an integrated part of these Terms of Use.
Provisions on Additional Services have been removed. The Terms of Sale apply to the purchase of all Additional Services.
Correction of a few typos.
These Terms of Use constitute a legal agreement between you (hereinafter sometimes referred to as “you” or “User”) and Paradox Interactive AB and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Paradox,” “we” or “us”) regarding your use of the Paradox Account service (the “Service”) in relation to Paradox´s web sites, including www.paradoxplaza.com, www. forum.paradoxplaza.com and www.paradoxinteractive.com, Paradox´s community forums, any mod tools provided by Paradox or its affiliates, and Paradox´s computer and video games and other applications. If you use the Service, you accept and agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use. Please read them carefully.

Please note that use of the Service requires that you have read, understand and agreed to 1) our Privacy Policy available at https://www.paradoxplaza.com/privacy, and 2) the Rules of Conduct available at https://www.paradoxplaza.com/rules_conduct. Your use of a Paradox game or application (a “Game”) is subject to an End User License Agreement (the “EULA”), which you will have to review and accept before playing a Game. Further, any purchase made on the Paradox Store is subject to Paradox Terms of Sale available at https://www.paradoxplaza.com/legal-notice. If there is any inconsistency between provisions in different parts of our policies and terms, those parts shall have precedence as follows (unless expressly agreed otherwise): (a) Terms of Sale, (b) Privacy Policy; (c) EULA; (d) Terms of Use; and (e) Rules of Conduct.

BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE ABOVE REFERENCED TERMS OF USE, THE RULES OF CONDUCT AND THE PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THE RULES OF CONDUCT AND THE PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.

1. Your Account
In order to access the Service you must create a Paradox Account (an “Account”). You must be at least 16 years of age to create an Account, and if you are between 16 and 18 years of age, you must get your parents’ or legal guardians’ consent prior to creating such Account. With regard to your registration for an Account, you acknowledge and agree that you will (a) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information as requested by the registration form, and (b) maintain and update this registration information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for restricting unauthorized access to your computer, and you hereby accept sole responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account, unless as otherwise specified hereunder. When you choose a forum name or other nickname for our Services, we ask that you do not use your own or another person´s real name, or a name protected by copyright or trademark.
You acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, you shall have no ownership or other interest in your Account, and you further acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to the Account are owned by and inure to the benefit of Paradox.

2. Grant of License and Restrictions
The Service may be used by you only for your personal, non-commercial use in accordance with these Terms of Use. Unless otherwise explicitly stated herein, nothing contained in these Terms of Use shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise any license or right to use any trademark, patent, design right, copyright or other intellectual property rights of Paradox. You are granted a personal, limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to access the Service, provided that you do not and do not facilitate any third party to: A) Modify, copy, reproduce, broadcast, republish, sell, resell, exploit, reverse engineer (except to the extent permitted by law), disassemble, create derivative works or distribute in any way any portion of the Service or any materials provided in the Service, including, but not limited to design and materials including all text, still and motion video, audio and audio visual materials, artwork, graphics, code and / or software (including within any Game) and all other copyrightable elements (the “Content”), other than as permitted under the EULA or these Terms of Use.

B) Disrupt or assist in the disruption of any Game and/or Service server or any other user’s Game and/or Service experience;

C) Use, develop, distribute or sell cheats, automation software (bots), hacks or any other unauthorized third-party software designed to modify a Game;

D) Exploit the Game, the Services or any of its parts for any commercial purpose, other than as permitted under the EULA, including without limitation: (a) use at a cyber café, computer gaming center or any other location-based site; (b) for gathering Additional Services, including in-game currency, items or resources for sale outside the Game; and/or (c) performing in-game services in exchange for payment outside the Game, e.g., power-leveling;

E) Remove, disable or circumvent any security protections such as digital rights management (known as “DRM”), proprietary notices or labels contained on or within the Game;

F) Use any obscene, pornographic, provocative or racist language or material in the Game or on the Communications Facilities (as defined below); or

G) Use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Paradox’s name or trademarks.

The grant of this limited license is conditional upon your agreement to and compliance with all terms of these Terms of Use. Paradox may suspend or deactivate your Account at any time for any or no reason, with or without notice to you. Unauthorized or prohibited use of the Service or the Content may be a violation of criminal or civil law. Paradox reserves the right to add, modify, or delete any or all functionalities of the Service at any time. Paradox makes no representation or warranty as to the completeness or accuracy of the information provided to you through your use of the Service, nor do we represent or warrant that the Service will be available and error-free at all times.

3. Communication Facilities.
Through some of Paradox’s Sites, community forums and Games you may communicate with other users of the Service and players of the Games (“Communication Facilities”). You agree only to use the Communication Facilities to post, receive or send messages in connection with the Game. You agree that you will not:

A) Transmit messages which are offensive, unlawful, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, sexually explicit, or otherwise objectionable;

B) Post advertisements to sell goods or services;

C) Impersonate any real person, including without limitation an agent of Paradox, or otherwise communicate in the Communication Services in any way designed to make others believe that your message constitutes a server message or was otherwise posted by a representative of Paradox;

D) Engage in “trolling”;

E) Engage in spamming, double posting, cross-posting, and resurrecting old posts;

F) Hack any Communication Facility or exploit any bugs in same; or

G) Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws or by rights of privacy and publicity, unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.

Additional rules in connection with the Communication Facilities may be posted within such facilities. Paradox reserves the right to review materials posted to the Communication Facilities and to remove any materials at any time, without notice, and for any reason and in its sole discretion. Statements made by users in the Communication Facilities reflect only the view of their authors and Paradox specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Facilities and any actions resulting from your participation in the Communication Facilities. Paradox is not responsible for information that you choose to communicate to other users via the Communications Services, or for the actions of other users.

4. Additional Services
“Additional Services” means services and in-game features acquired or purchased by User that can only be used in the Game and under the conditions specified in these Terms of Use, such as, but not limited to, in-game currency or virtual goods. Additional Services are not a necessary condition for participation in a Game and are provided on your request. For the avoidance of doubt, the Terms of Sale apply to the purchase of all Additional Services. In addition, as a condition to the use of Additional Services, User acknowledges and agrees that:

A. Weekly Additional Services Limit. You may only purchase a total maximum amount of ten thousand U.S. dollars (US$10,000.00) of Additional Services per week;

B. If Paradox has reason to believe or suspects that you are performing illegal or fraudulent activities related to payments for Additional Services in the Game, Paradox has the right to provide relevant information to law enforcement bodies to investigate these suspicions;

C. If Paradox has reason to believe or suspects that you are exploiting any defects in the Game or Services or are using any software to impermissibly increase your amount of Additional Services, including in-game currency, or gain any advantage in the Game, or if Paradox has reason to believe or suspects that an increase of in-game currency originates from a flaw in the system(s) relating to the Game, Paradox has the right to take any action Paradox deems necessary, including immediately terminating your use of the Service and deleting your Account, in which case the entire Account shall be deemed forfeited;

D. If you are prohibited from receiving online game services by the legislation of your country or in case of any other legal restrictions, including age restrictions, you shall not be allowed to use the Game or Additional Services in the Game. In any case, you shall be responsible for the use of the Game in your country in accordance with local laws; and

E. User agrees, understands and accepts that: (i) this Game is not a gambling, cash, contest or betting game; (ii) the purchase of Additional Services is NOT necessary or mandatory to participate in the Game and the Game process; and (iii) the purchase of any Additional Services is at User’s sole discretion.

5. User Generated Content
You may be provided with the opportunity to create and submit content through the Game Service or the Site (“User Generated Content” or “UGC”). User Generated Content must not i) infringe any copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, or any other proprietary right of any person or entity; ii) contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, corrupted files, or any other similar software or program; iii) violate any law or regulation; or iv) violate or be inconsistent with these Terms of Use, the EULA, the Rules of Conduct or our Privacy Policy. By uploading or otherwise publishing your UGC, You hereby grant to Paradox a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, perpetual right to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, broadcast, and otherwise communicate, publicly display and publicly perform, your UGC, and derivative works of your UGC, in connection with the operation and promotion of the Game, Site or Service. Paradox is under no obligation to use, distribute or continue to distribute User Generated Content. You understand that Paradox may restrict, or remove, your UGC for any reason. You represent and warrant that the UGC, and your grant of rights in such UGC, does not violate any applicable contract, law or regulation, and that the UGC is your original work and does not infringe any third party´s intellectual property rights or any other rights. Paradox specifically disclaims any liability with regard to User Generated Content. Anyone who believes that their original work has been reproduced as UGC through one of our Games, Service or Sites in a way that constitutes copyright infringement may notify us by contacting support.

6. Mods
First, we at Paradox love user modding and mods to our games and want to encourage you to mod. We see benefits for everyone involved. The EULA and these Terms of Use outlines under which conditions you may create and distribute mods of Paradox’s games. Paradox is not always the owner of the intellectual property into a game which it publishes, and therefore, Paradox cannot unconditionally allow modding to all games published by us. If you are unsure of which games are affected, please contact support. These Terms of Use applies to all mods, including mods distributed through third party platforms such as Steam Workshop, created by you.

Paradox recognizes that you are the owner of the elements of the mod which are your original creative work. However, any elements of the mod which represent, derive from, or is based upon a Game (for example characters, settings, plot, artwork, sound and locations) shall be owned by Paradox, and you agree that all right, title and interest into such shall vest with Paradox.

To create mods, Paradox may make available mod tools to you. Provided that you comply with these Terms of Use and the EULA, and upon your acceptance of the EULA, Paradox grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited, revocable right and licence to install, access and use in-game modding tools and any other related tools provided by Paradox to you (including, for example, the Clauzewitz® Maya Exporter) to create and distribute mods.

Any use of the mod tools, and creation and publication of mods, is for strictly non-commercial purposes only, and you may not require any fees but may receive voluntary donations for your creation, publication and/or use of mods

By publishing a mod based on a Paradox game, you hereby grant to Paradox and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and perpetual right to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, broadcast, and otherwise communicate, publicly display and publicly perform your mod. Explicitly, this license shall include the right to make the mod publicly available through other channels of distribution, and the right to adapt a mod to be compatible with other platforms. This license shall survive termination of the EULA.

Your mod may not contain any material which (i) infringes any applicable law; (ii) resemblance any recognisable third party brand, character or personality, including but not limited to any trademarks or logos except for those assets provided by Paradox; (iii) any third party assets, from other games published by Paradox and its affiliates or any other third party; (iv) any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, corrupted files, or any other similar software or program; (v) is obscene, indecent, pornographic, offensive, defamatory, fraudulent, threatening, hate speech, liable to incite racial hatred, acts of terrorism or violence, menacing, blasphemous or contains nudity or gratuitous or graphic violence; (vii) has been posted or published in breach of a third party’s rights (including intellectual property rights); (viii) brings, or is likely to bring, Paradox, its affiliates, licensees or licensors into disrepute; or (ix) in relation to mods related to the game Cities: Skylines®, make reference to any organisation whose principal business includes the sale of tobacco or tobacco related products, or firearms.

You represent and warrant that any mod created by you, and your grant of rights in such mod, does not violate any applicable contract, law or regulation, and that the mod is your original creative work and does not infringe any third party´s intellectual property rights or any other rights. Paradox specifically disclaims any liability with regard to any mod, and you agree to indemnify, defend and hold Paradox and its, affiliates, licensees, contractors, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from any damages, losses, cost and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising directly or indirectly from any acts and omissions associated with the use of any Mod which you create and publish.

We reserve the right to suspend access to, or terminate your licence for, any mods published by you or modding tools provided by us. Paradox is under no obligation to use, distribute or continue to distribute mods, and you understand that Paradox may restrict, or remove, your mods for any reason.

Please note that other rules - specific to a particular game or studio- may also apply to mods based on Paradox games. For more information about Paradox Development Studio’s modding guidelines, please visit our forum: https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/rules-for-user-made-mods-and-edits-of-pds-games.708039/.

7. Termination
If you fail to comply with any of the terms in the Terms of Use, the EULA or the Rules of Conduct, Paradox will provide you with a warning for your non-compliance. In case of a serious violation of the Terms of Use, the EULA or the Rules of Conduct, or in case of repeated cases of non-compliance, Paradox reserves the right to immediately terminate the Service to you, including any additional services. You may terminate the Service at any time by ceasing all use of the Service. Any money you have paid for Additional Services are not subject to return in case of termination of a Game, Service or Site, or any termination due to your non-compliance with these Terms of Use, the EULA or the Rules of Conduct.

8. Disclaimer
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED BY PARADOX ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, PARADOX DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, PARADOX MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED: (I) AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE AND/OR SERVICE, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED THEREON; (II) THAT THE SITE AND/OR SERVICE WILL BE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (III) AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR CURRENCY OF ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, SERVICE, OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED THROUGH THE SITE AND/OR SERVICE; OR (IV) THAT THE SITE AND/OR SERVICE, PRODUCTS DOWNLOADED FROM THE SITE AND/OR SERVICE, PARADOX SERVERS, OR E-MAILS SENT FROM OR ON BEHALF OF PARADOX , ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, SCRIPTS, TROJAN HORSES, WORMS OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATION ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

9. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL PARADOX BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL, DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF PARADOX HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, AND CONTENTS AVAILABLE FROM THE SITE AND/OR SERVICE. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

10. Indemnification
Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Paradox, and its respective employees, contractors, officers, directors, licensors, licensees (excluding you), sublicensees, successors and assigns from and against any actions, claims, demands, liability and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of (i) your breach of any of these Terms of Use, EULA or Rules of Conduct; (ii) your use or misuse of the Service, or iii) the use or misuse of the Service by a third party using your Account, if such use or misuse is due to your failure at maintaining the security and confidentiality of your Account. External Sites, a Game, Site and/or Service may contain links to other sites on the Internet, or you may be able to access the Site and/or Service from other sites on the Internet, that are owned and operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “External Sites”). You acknowledge that Paradox does not review or evaluate all of the External Sites and is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or appropriateness of the content on these External Sites, nor is it responsible for the advertising, products, or other materials that appear on or are offered by such websites. You should carefully review the respective terms of use and privacy policies of each of these External Sites. Under no circumstances shall Paradox be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by your use of or reliance on any content, goods, or services available on such External Site.

11. Electronic Communications
When you visit the Site, use the Service, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receiving communications from us electronically in order to answer your inquiries or comments, to provide you with an invoice or game key, or with general information regarding the Service, any Game or product. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Site or on the Communication Facilities. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

12. Updates to the Services.
For the purpose of improving its products and services, Paradox may require that you download and install updates to the Service and to the Games you have installed on your computer. You acknowledge and agree that Paradox may update the Service and the Games on your computer, with or without notification.

13. Equitable Remedies
You agree that Paradox would be irreparably damaged if the terms of these Terms of Use were not specifically enforced, and therefore you agree that Paradox shall be entitled, without bond, other security, or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect to breaches of these Terms of Use, in addition to such other remedies Paradox may otherwise have available under applicable laws. This section shall survive the termination of these Terms of Use.

14. Severability
If any of these Terms of Use are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these Terms of Use are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these Terms of Use and the remaining Terms of Use shall survive, remain in full force and effect, and continue to be binding and enforceable.

15. Waiver
Paradox´s failure to enforce any term of these Terms of Use at any time shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such term.

16. Governing Law/Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden, without regard to its conflict of laws rules and principles. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of Stockholm, Sweden for any cause of action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use, and hereby waive any right to participate in any type of law suit brought and/or maintained as a class action or similar in nature to a class action, to the extent permissible by applicable law.

17. Modification of Terms of Use
Paradox shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. Any changes to these Terms of Use shall be effective immediately upon posting of any such changes on the Site or through the Services. Please review these Terms of Use regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by Paradox. Your continued use of the Site after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use as updated and amended.

18. Contacting Us
If you have questions about these Terms of Use, the information practices of Paradox, or otherwise in relation to your dealings with Paradox, please contact us at www.paradoxplaza.com/support.

Paradox Interactive AB Västgötagatan 5 118 27 Stockholm Sweden
Terms of service
Thank you for using Pinterest!
These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use of the Pinterest website, apps, APIs, and widgets (“Pinterest” or the “Service”). Please read these Terms carefully, and contact us if you have any questions. By accessing or using Pinterest, you agree to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy Policy, our Cookies Policy and our Community Guidelines.

More simply put
Every company has its terms. These are ours.

1. Our service
Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love. To do that, we show you things we think will be relevant, interesting and personal to you based on your onsite and offsite activity. To provide our Service, we need to be able to identify you and your interests. Some of the things we show you are promoted by advertisers. As part of our service we try to ensure that even promoted content is relevant and interesting to you. You can identify promoted content because it will be clearly labelled.

More simply put
Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love. It’s customized to you. We need to know what you like to make everything on Pinterest relevant to you.

2. Using Pinterest
a. Who can use Pinterest
You may use Pinterest only if you can legally form a binding contract with Pinterest, and only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws. When you create your Pinterest account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information. Any use or access by anyone under the age of 13 is not allowed. If you’re based in the EEA, you may only use Pinterest if you are over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing under the laws of your country or if verifiable parental consent for your use of Pinterest has been provided to us. Using Pinterest may include downloading software to your computer, phone, tablet, or other device. You agree that we may automatically update that software, and these Terms will apply to any updates.

b. Our license to you
Subject to these Terms and our policies (including our Community Guidelines), we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our Service.

c. Commercial use of Pinterest
If you want to use Pinterest for commercial purposes you must create a business account and agree to our Business Terms of Service. If you do open an account for a company, organization, or other entity, then "you" includes you and that entity, and you promise that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms and bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity's behalf.

More simply put
You cannot use Pinterest if you're under 13 (or older in some countries). Also, if you are using Pinterest for work, you need to set up a business account.

3. Your content
a. Posting content
Pinterest allows you to post content, including photos, comments, links, and other materials. Anything that you post or otherwise make available on Pinterest is referred to as "User Content." You retain all rights in, and are solely responsible for, the User Content you post to Pinterest.

More simply put
If you post your content on Pinterest, it still belongs to you.

b. How Pinterest and other users can use your content
You grant Pinterest and our users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your User Content on Pinterest solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using Pinterest. Nothing in these Terms restricts other legal rights Pinterest may have to User Content, for example under other licenses. We reserve the right to remove or modify User Content, or change the way it’s used in Pinterest, for any reason. This includes User Content that we believe violates these Terms, our Community Guidelines, or any other policies.

More simply put
If you post your content on Pinterest, we can show it to people and others can save it. Don't post porn or spam or be a jerk to other people on Pinterest. 

c. How long we keep your content
Following termination or deactivation of your account, or if you remove any User Content from Pinterest, we may keep your User Content for a reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes. Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, re-pin, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute any of your User Content that other users have stored or shared on Pinterest.

More simply put
If you choose to post content, you give us permission to use it to provide and improve Pinterest. Copies of content shared with others may remain even after you delete the content from your account.
 

d. Feedback you provide
We value hearing from our users, and are always interested in learning about ways we can make Pinterest more awesome. If you choose to submit comments, ideas or feedback, you agree that we are free to use them without any restriction or compensation to you. By accepting your submission, Pinterest doesn’t waive any rights to use similar or related feedback previously known to Pinterest, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

More simply put
We can use your suggestions to make Pinterest better.

4. Copyright policy
Pinterest has adopted and implemented the Pinterest Copyright Policy in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable copyright laws. For more information, please read our Copyright Policy. 

More simply put
We respect copyrights. You should, too.

5. Security
We care about the security of our users. While we work to protect the security of your content and account, Pinterest can’t guarantee that unauthorized third parties won’t be able to defeat our security measures. We ask that you keep your password secure. Please notify us immediately of any compromise or unauthorized use of your account.

More simply put
You can help us fight spammers by keeping these security tips in mind.

6. Third party links, sites, and services
Pinterest may contain links to third party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Pinterest. We don’t endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third party sites, information, materials, products, or services. If you access any third party website, service, or content from Pinterest, you do so at your own risk and you agree that Pinterest has no liability arising from your use of or access to any third party website, service, or content.

More simply put
Pinterest has links to content off of Pinterest. Most of that stuff is awesome, but we're not responsible when it's not.

7. Termination
Pinterest may terminate or suspend your right to access or use Pinterest for any reason on appropriate notice. We may terminate or suspend your access immediately and without notice if we have a good reason, including any violation of our Community Guidelines. Upon termination, you continue to be bound by Sections 3 and 8 of these Terms.

More simply put
Pinterest is provided to you for free. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, but we will provide appropriate notice.

8. Indemnity
If you use Pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e., you are not a consumer) without agreeing to our Business Terms as required by Section 2(c) of these Terms, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Pinterest Inc, Pinterest Europe Ltd, their affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, suits, proceedings, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including costs of defense of claims, suits or proceedings brought by third parties), in any way related to your access to or use of our Service, your User Content, or your breach of any of these Terms.

More simply put
If we are sued because of something your business does on Pinterest, you have to pay our costs. Also, you should have created a business account and agreed to our Business Terms in the first place.

9. Disclaimers
Our Service and all content on Pinterest is provided on an "as is" basis without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied.

Pinterest specifically disclaims any and all warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, and any warranties arising out of course of dealing or usage of trade.

Pinterest takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other person or third party posts or sends using our Service. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that’s inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose.

If you're a consumer in the EEA, we don’t exclude or limit any liability for gross negligence, intent, or death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct. 
 

More simply put
Unfortunately, people post bad stuff on services like Pinterest. We take that kind of thing seriously but you still might run into it before we have a chance to take it down. If you see bad stuff, please report it to us here. 

10. Limitation of liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PINTEREST SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE; (B) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; OR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL PINTEREST'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00).

If we cause damage to you and you're a consumer in the EEA, the above doesn’t apply. Instead, Pinterest’s liability will be limited to foreseeable damages arising due to a breach of material contractual obligations typical for this type of contract. Pinterest isn’t liable for damages that result from a non-material breach of any other applicable duty of care. This limitation of liability won’t apply to any statutory liability that cannot be limited, to liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or if and to exclude our responsibility for something we have specifically promised to you.
 

More simply put
We are building the best service we can for you but we can't promise it will be perfect. We're not liable for various things. If you think we are, let's try to work it out like adults.

11. Arbitration
For any dispute you have with Pinterest, you agree to first contact us and try to resolve the dispute with us informally. If we need to contact you, we will do so at the email address on your Pinterest account. If Pinterest hasn’t been able to resolve the dispute with you informally, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with or relating to these Terms through binding arbitration or (for qualifying claims) in small claims court.

Arbitration is a more informal way to resolve our disagreements than a lawsuit in court. For instance, arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, involves more limited discovery, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Although the process is more informal, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. You agree that, by agreeing to these Terms of Service, the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and Pinterest are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and the termination of your Pinterest account.

Any arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Consumer Arbitration Rules then in effect for the AAA, except as provided herein. You can find their forms at www.adr.org. Unless you and Pinterest agree otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in the county (or parish) where you reside. Each party will be responsible for paying any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with AAA Rules, except that Pinterest will pay for your reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000 and is non-frivolous (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts, including for matters related to data security, intellectual property or unauthorized access to the Service. ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND PINTEREST ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL AFFECT ANY NON-WAIVABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT APPLY TO YOU. To the extent any claim, dispute or controversy regarding Pinterest or our Service isn’t arbitrable under applicable laws or otherwise: you and Pinterest both agree that any claim or dispute regarding Pinterest will be resolved exclusively in accordance with Section 12 of these Terms.

If you're a consumer in the EEA, Section 11 doesn't apply to you. 
 

12. Governing law and jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If you are not a consumer in the EEA, the exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from or in connection with this agreement is San Francisco County, California, or the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and our dispute will be determined under California law.

If you are a consumer in the EEA, this won’t deprive you of any protection you have under the law of the country where you live and access to the courts in that country. 
 

More simply put
The Bay Area is beautiful this time of year. It doesn't matter what time of year it is, that's what's so great! Anyway, you'll have to sue us here. 

In the EEA, this applies if you're a merchant, but not if you're a consumer. If you are a consumer in the EEA, you can sue us in your home courts.
 

13. General terms
Notification procedures and changes to these Terms
We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, and you agree to receive legal notices electronically if that’s what we decide. We may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website. If a revision, in our discretion, is material, we’ll notify you. By continuing to access or use Pinterest after revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the new Terms. If you don’t agree to the new terms, please stop using Pinterest.

More simply put
If we're making a big change to the terms, we'll let you know. If you don’t like the new terms, please stop using Pinterest.

Assignment
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Pinterest without restriction. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.

If you’re a consumer in the EEA, either you or Pinterest may assign this agreement, and any rights and licences granted under it, to a third party. In case of such an assignment by Pinterest, you are entitled to terminate the agreement with immediate effect by deactivating your account. Pinterest will provide you with reasonable notice of any such assignment.

Entire agreement/severability
These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with Pinterest shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Pinterest concerning the Service. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.

No waiver
No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Pinterest's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

Parties
If you live in the United States, these Terms are a contract between you and Pinterest Inc., 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103. If you live outside the United States, these Terms are a contract between you and Pinterest Europe Ltd., an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.

More simply put
Who you deal with depends on where you live.

Effective May 1, 2018
Pokémon GO Terms of Service

Last Updated: July 1, 2016

Welcome to the Pokémon GO video game services, which are accessible via the Niantic, Inc. (“Niantic”) mobile device application (the “App”). To make these Pokémon GO Terms of Service (the “Terms”) easier to read, our video game services, the App, and our websites located at http://pokemongo.nianticlabs.com and http://www.pokemongolive.com (the “Site”) are collectively called the “Services.” Please read carefully these Terms, our Trainer Guidelines, and our Privacy Policy, because they govern your use of our Services.

Agreement to Terms

By using our Services, you are agreeing to these Terms, our Trainer Guidelines, and our Privacy Policy. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 (the “Parent”), you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of yourself and your child(ren) who are authorized to use the Services pursuant to these Terms and in our Privacy Policy. If you don’t agree to these Terms, our Trainer Guidelines, and our Privacy Policy, do not use the Services.

Changes to Terms or Services

We may modify these Terms at any time. If we do so, we’ll let you know either by posting the modified Terms on the Site or App or through other communications. It’s important that you review the Terms whenever we modify them, because if you continue to use the Services after we have posted modified Terms on the Site or App, or otherwise communicate them to you, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound by the modified Terms. If you don’t agree to be bound by the modified Terms, then you may not use the Services anymore. Because our Services evolve over time, we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services at any time and without notice.

ARBITRATION NOTICE: EXCEPT IF YOU OPT OUT AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE “AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE” SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND NIANTIC WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, AND YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.

Privacy

Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use, and disclose information from our users.

Eligibility and Account Registration

If you want to use certain features of the Services, you will have to create an account with us (an “Account”). You can create an Account if you have (a) a pre-existing Google account; (b) a pre-existing Pokémon Trainer Club (“PTC”) account; (c) a pre-existing account with Facebook, or (d) such other pre-existing third-party accounts as we may choose to support in the future (notification of which will be provided by allowing selection of such pre-existing accounts on the relevant account-creation screen). We will create your Account by extracting from your Google, PTC, Facebook, or other pre-existing third-party account certain personal information (such as your email address) that your privacy settings on the applicable account permit us to access.

It’s important that you provide us with accurate, complete, and up-to-date information for your Account, and you agree to update such information as needed, to keep it accurate, complete, and up-to-date. If you don’t, we might have to suspend or terminate your Account. You agree that you won’t disclose your Account password to anyone and you’ll notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account. You’re responsible for all activities that occur under your Account, whether or not you know about them.

Registration by Children

We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) through the verification and consent process handled by PTC. If you are over the age of 13 and register to create an Account through PTC, PTC will enable you to access and use the Services. The Parent of each child under the age of 13 must register with The Pokémon Company International, Inc. (“TPCI”) through PTC before a child may use the Services. TPCI requires the Parent to verify that he or she is the Parent of the child and to consent to the creation of an Account with us for the child. Upon receipt of both parental verification and consent, TPCI will enable the Parent to create an Account with us for the child.

If a Parent does not consent to a child’s access to and use of the Services or does not verify the Parent’s consent through the consent process, Niantic will bar that child’s registration for an Account, prevent the child’s access to and use of the Services, and ensure that such child’s information is not accessible through the Services. If a Parent has consented to a child’s access to and use of the Services but wishes to rescind such consent, the Parent should contact us at https://pokemongo.nianticlabs.com/support/delete/en to submit the request. We will discontinue that child’s access to and use of the Services and ensure that such child’s information is no longer accessible through the Services.

Parents of children under the age of 13 understand and agree that TPCI and/or Niantic may provide information submitted to TPCI and/or Niantic, or collected via the Services, to third parties who use such information for the sole purpose of administering or providing Services (e.g., third-party security monitoring services and web-hosting companies). Please see our Privacy Policy, available at http://www.nianticlabs.com/privacy/pokemongo/en/ for more information on how we collect, use, and disclose information from our users.

Safe Play

During game play, please be aware of your surroundings and play safely. You agree that your use of the App and play of the game is at your own risk, and it is your responsibility to maintain such health, liability, hazard, personal injury, medical, life, and other insurance policies as you deem reasonably necessary for any injuries that you may incur while using the Services. You also agree not to use the App to violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation (including but not limited to the laws of trespass) or the Trainer Guidelines, and you agree not to encourage or enable any other individual to violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation or the Trainer Guidelines. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that in conjunction with your use of the App you will not inflict emotional distress on other people, will not humiliate other people (publicly or otherwise), will not assault or threaten other people, will not enter onto private property without permission, will not impersonate any other person or misrepresent your affiliation, title, or authority, and will not otherwise engage in any activity that may result in injury, death, property damage, and/or liability of any kind. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Niantic, The Pokémon Company (“TPC”), and TPCI disclaim all liability related to any property damage, personal injury, or death that may occur during your use of our Services, including any claims based on the violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation or your alleged negligence or other tort liability. Further, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users of the App, you release Niantic, TPC, and TPCI (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees) from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.

Rights in App

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Niantic grants you a limited nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable license to download and install a copy of the App on a mobile device and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal, noncommercial purposes. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not: (a) copy, modify, or create derivative works based on the App; (b) distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, or rent the App to any third party; (c ) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the App; or (d) make the functionality of the App available to multiple users through any means. Niantic reserves all rights in and to the App not expressly granted to you under these Terms.

Additional Terms for App Store Apps

If you accessed or downloaded the App from the Apple Store, then you agree to use the App only: (a) on an Apple-branded product or device that runs iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system software); and (b) as permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple Store Terms of Service.

If you accessed or downloaded the App from any app store or distribution platform (like the Apple Store, Google Play, or Amazon Appstore) (each, an “App Provider”), then you acknowledge and agree that:

These Terms are concluded between you and Niantic, and not with App Provider, and that, as between us and the App Provider, Niantic is solely responsible for the App.
App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify App Provider, and App Provider will refund the purchase price for the App to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses attributable to any failure of an App to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Niantic.
App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App or your possession and use of the App, including but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third-party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Niantic will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms.
App Provider and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms as related to your license of the App, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to your license of the App against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
You must also comply with all applicable third-party terms of service when using the App.
You agree to comply with all U.S. and foreign export laws and regulations to ensure that neither the App nor any technical data related thereto nor any direct product thereof is exported or re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws and regulations. By using the App, you represent and warrant that: (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Content and Content Rights

For purposes of these Terms: (a) “Content” means the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features, works of authorship of any kind, and information or other materials that are posted, generated, provided, or otherwise made available through the Services; and (b) “User Content” means any Content that Account holders (including you) provide to be made available through the Services. Content includes without limitation User Content. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Niantic grants you a personal, noncommercial, nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to download, view, display, and use the Content solely in connection with your permitted use of the Services.

Content Ownership

Niantic does not claim any ownership rights in any User Content, and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content. Subject to the foregoing, Niantic and its licensors (including TPC and TPCI) exclusively own all right, title, and interest in and to the Services and Content, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge that the Services and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove, alter, or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark, or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or Content.

Rights Granted by You

By making any User Content available through Services, you grant to Niantic a nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute your User Content in connection with operating and providing the Services and Content to you and to other Account holders.

You are solely responsible for all your User Content. You represent and warrant that you own all your User Content, or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your User Content under these Terms. You also represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor any use of your User Content by Niantic on or through the Services will infringe, misappropriate, or violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. Niantic may reject any submissions in which Niantic believes, in its sole discretion, that the User Content is inappropriate or violates the Trainer Guidelines or these Terms. Niantic further reserves the right to remove any User Content from the Services at any time and without notice and for any reason.

Trading

The App permits Account holders to capture and trade virtual items, including but not limited to Pokémon characters or creatures (“Trading Items”) during gameplay. Unlike Virtual Money and Virtual Goods (see below), Trading Items are obtained at no additional charge during gameplay. Trading Items are a category of Content, and Niantic grants you a limited, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use such Trading Items in conjunction with your personal, noncommercial use of the Services. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights in or to Trading Items and that Trading Items do not have monetary value. Trading Items may be traded with other Account holders for other Trading Items, but Trading Items can never be sold, transferred, or exchanged for Virtual Money, Virtual Goods, “real” goods, “real” money, or “real” services, or any other compensation or consideration from us or anyone else.

You also agree that you will only obtain Trading Items from other Account holders and through means provided by us, and not from or through any third-party platform, exchange, broker, or other mechanism, unless expressly authorized. We may cancel any Trading Items sold, transferred, or exchanged in violation of these Terms. Any such sale, transfer, or exchange (or attempt to do so) is prohibited and may result in the termination of your Account. As set forth below, all Trading Items and other Content are provided “as is,” without any warranty.

Virtual Money and Virtual Goods

The App permits the purchase of virtual currency (“Virtual Money”) and use of that Virtual Money to purchase virtual items or services that we expressly make available for use in the App (“Virtual Goods”). The purchase of Virtual Money and Virtual Goods is limited to Account holders who are either (a) 18 years of age or older; or (b) under the age of 18 and have the consent of a Parent to make the purchase. Parents of children under the age of 18 can consult the iOS or Google Play settings for their App to restrict in-App purchases, but should also monitor their children’s Accounts for unexpected activity, including the purchase of Virtual Money or Virtual Goods.

Purchases of Virtual Money and Virtual Goods

Virtual Money is a category of Content, so the purchase of Virtual Money grants you only a limited, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use such Virtual Money to access and purchase Virtual Goods in conjunction with your personal, noncommercial use of the Services. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights in or to the Virtual Money, Virtual Goods, or other Content; any balance of Virtual Goods or Virtual Money does not reflect any stored value. You agree that Virtual Money and Virtual Goods have no monetary value and do not constitute actual currency or property of any type. Virtual Money may be redeemed only for Virtual Goods and can never be sold, transferred, or exchanged for “real” money, “real” goods, or “real” services from us or anyone else. You also agree that you will only obtain Virtual Money and/or Virtual Goods from us and through means provided by us, and not from any third-party platform, exchange, broker, or other mechanism, unless expressly authorized. Once you acquire a license to Virtual Money or Virtual Goods, you may not trade or transfer the Virtual Money or Virtual Goods to another individual or account, unless such functionality is provided to you by us by way of a feature or service, whether inside the App or through some other method (e.g., our website). We may cancel any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods sold, transferred, or exchanged in violation of these Terms. Any such sale, transfer, or exchange (or attempt to do so) is prohibited and may result in the termination of your Account.

During the term of your license to your Virtual Money, you have the right to redeem your Virtual Money for selected Virtual Goods. If you are the Parent and you are accepting these Terms on behalf of your child, you accept and acknowledge that your child has your consent to exercise this right independently. Pricing and availability of Virtual Money and Virtual Goods are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to change and update our pricing and inventory of Virtual Money and Virtual Goods. As set forth below, all Virtual Money, Virtual Goods, and other Content is provided “as is,” without any warranty. You agree that all sales by us to you of Virtual Money and Virtual Goods are final and that we will not permit exchanges or refunds for any unused Virtual Money or Virtual Goods once the transaction has been made.

Purchases by End Users Outside the U.S.

Virtual Money and Virtual Goods may only be purchased and held by legal residents of countries where access to and use of the Services are permitted. If you live in the European Union, you have certain rights to withdraw from online purchases. However, please note that once you download Virtual Money from us, your right of withdrawal ends. You agree that (a) purchase of Virtual Money involves immediate download of such Content; and (b) you lose your right of withdrawal once your purchase is complete. If you live in the European Union, we will provide you with a VAT invoice when we are required to do so by law. You agree that these invoices may be electronic in format. We reserve the right to control, regulate, change, or remove any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods without any liability to you.

Effect of Termination on Trading Items, Virtual Money, and Virtual Goods

We may cancel, suspend, or terminate your Account and your access to your Trading Items, Virtual Money, Virtual Goods, the Content, or the Services, in our sole discretion and without prior notice, including if (a) your Account is inactive (i.e., not used or logged into) for one year; (b) you fail to comply with these Terms; (c ) we suspect fraud or misuse by you of Trading Items, Virtual Money, Virtual Goods, or other Content; (d) we suspect any other unlawful activity associated with your Account; or (e) we are acting to protect the Services, our systems, the App, any of our users, or the reputation of Niantic, TPC, or TPCI. We have no obligation or responsibility to, and will not reimburse or refund, you for any Trading Items, Virtual Money, or Virtual Goods lost due to such cancellation, suspension, or termination. You acknowledge that Niantic is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused Virtual Money and Virtual Goods when your Account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary.

We have the right to offer, modify, eliminate, and/or terminate Trading Items, Virtual Money, Virtual Goods, the Content, and/or the Services, or any portion thereof, at any time, without notice or liability to you. If we discontinue the use of Virtual Money or Virtual Goods, we will provide at least 60 days’ advance notice to you by posting a notice on the Site or App or through other communications.

Conduct, General Prohibitions, and Niantic’s Enforcement Rights

You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and User Content while using the Services, and for any consequences thereof. Please refer to our Trainer Guidelines (https://pokemongo.nianticlabs.com/support/guidelines/en) for information about the kinds of conduct and User Content that are prohibited while using the Services. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using the Services and Content, you will not:

defame, abuse, harass, harm, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (including the rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any unlawful, inappropriate, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar, offensive, fraudulent, false, misleading, or deceptive Content or message;
promote or engage in discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, or harassment against any individual or group;
trespass, or in any manner attempt to gain or gain access to any property or location where you do not have a right or permission to be;
violate, or encourage any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability;
upload, post, or otherwise make available commercial messages or advertisements, pyramid schemes, or other disruptive notices;
impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with another person or entity;
promote or provide instructional information about illegal or harmful activities or substances;
promote or engage in physical harm, violence, or injury against any group or individual;
transmit any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, or any items of a destructive nature;
submit fake, falsified, misleading, or inappropriate data submissions, edits, or removals;
post, upload, publish, submit, or transmit any Content that infringes, misappropriates, or violates a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights, or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy;
use, display, mirror, or frame the Services or any individual element within the Services, Niantic’s name, any Niantic trademark, logo, or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without Niantic’s express written consent;
access, tamper with, or use nonpublic areas of the Services, Niantic’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Niantic’s providers;
attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any Niantic system or network or breach any security or authentication measures;
avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble, or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Niantic or any of Niantic’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Services or Content;
attempt to access or search the Services or Content, or download Content from the Services through the use of any technology or means other than those provided by Niantic or other generally available third-party web browsers (including, without limitation, automation software, bots, spiders, crawlers, data-mining tools, or hacks, tools, agents, engines, or devices of any kind);
extract, scrape, index, copy, or mirror the Services or Content or portions thereof (including but not limited to the PokéStop database and other information about users or gameplay);
use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a Niantic trademark, logo, URL, or product name without Niantic’s express written consent;
forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Services or Content to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information;
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Services or Content;
interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services;
take any action that imposes, or may impose, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Services or Niantic’s infrastructure;
delete, obscure, or in any manner alter any attribution, warning, or link that appears in the Services or the Content;
use the Services or Content, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party or in a manner not permitted by these Terms, including but not limited to (a) gathering in App items or resources for sale outside the App, (b) performing services in the App in exchange for payment outside the App, or (c ) sell, resell, rent, or lease the App or your Account;
collect or store any personally identifiable information from the Services from other users of the Services without their express permission;
violate any applicable law or regulation; or
encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.
Although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or Content or to review or edit any Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with these Terms, and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any Content, at any time and without notice, including but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any Content to be objectionable or in violation of these Terms. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law.

Feedback

We welcome feedback, comments, and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by reaching out to us on Facebook, Twitter, or Google+. You grant to us a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid, royalty free, sublicensable, and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.

DMCA/Copyright Policy

Niantic respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same. It is Niantic’s policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances Account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders. Please see Niantic’s Copyright Policy (https://nianticlabs.com/copyright) for further information.

Links to Third Party Websites or Resources

The Services and App may contain links to third-party websites or resources. We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products, or services on or available from those websites, or resources or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any third-party websites or resources.

Termination

We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you. You may cancel your Account at any time by accessing the Pokémon GO Help Center, available at https://pokemongo.nianticlabs.com/support/delete/en. Upon any termination, discontinuation, or cancellation of Services or your Account, the following provisions of these Terms will survive: Arbitration Notice; Content Ownership; Rights Granted by You; Effect of Termination on Trading Items, Virtual Money, and Virtual Goods; Feedback; Disclaimer of Warranties; Indemnity; Limitation of Liability; Dispute Resolution; General Terms; and this sentence of Termination.

Disclaimer of Warranties

YOUR USE OF THE APP AND SERVICES ARE AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NIANTIC, TPC, AND TPCI EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. Niantic, TPC, and TPCI make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error -free basis, and we make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, or reliability of any Content.

YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS RELATING TO YOUR ONLINE OR OFFLINE COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES AND WITH OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATED OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT NIANTIC, TPC, AND TPCI DO NOT SCREEN OR INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ANY USERS OF THE SERVICES. NIANTIC, TPC, AND TPCI MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF USERS OF THE SERVICES. YOU AGREE TO TAKE REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS IN ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES AND WITH OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, PARTICULARLY IF YOU DECIDE TO MEET OFFLINE OR IN PERSON.

Indemnity

You will indemnify and hold harmless Niantic, TPC, and TPCI and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (a) your access to or use of the Services or Content, (b) your User Content, or (c ) your violation of these Terms.

Limitation of Liability

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER NIANTIC NOR TPC OR TPCI OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES OR CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE, OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT, OR FROM ANY COMMUNICATIONS, INTERACTIONS, OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES OR PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT NIANTIC, TPC, OR TPCI HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.

IN NO EVENT WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF NIANTIC, TPC, OR TPCI ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT EXCEED ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000). THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN NIANTIC AND YOU.

Dispute Resolution

Governing Law

These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

Agreement to Arbitrate

You and Niantic agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof or the use of the Services or Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right: (a) to bring an individual action in small claims court and (b) to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights (the action described in this clause (b), an “IP Protection Action”). Without limiting the preceding sentence, you will also have the right to litigate any other Dispute if you provide Niantic with written notice of your desire to do so by email or regular mail at termsofservice@nianticlabs.com or 2 Bryant St., Ste. 220, San Francisco, CA 94105 within thirty (30) days following the date you first accept these Terms (such notice, an “Arbitration Opt-out Notice”). If you don’t provide Niantic with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice within the thirty (30) day period, you will be deemed to have knowingly and intentionally waived your right to litigate any Dispute except as expressly set forth in clauses (a) and (b) above. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any IP Protection Action or, if you timely provide Niantic with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice, will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Unless you timely provide Niantic with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice, you acknowledge and agree that you and Niantic are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and Niantic otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “Dispute Resolution” section will be deemed void. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this “Dispute Resolution” section will survive any termination of these Terms.

Arbitration Rules

The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified by this “Dispute Resolution” section. (The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org/arb_med or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.) The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.

Arbitration Process

A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules. (The AAA provides a general Demand for Arbitration) The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.

Arbitration Location and Procedure

Unless you and Niantic otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. If your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the documents that you and Niantic submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration.

Arbitrator’s Decision

The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator’s award of damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. If you prevail in arbitration, you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law. Niantic will not seek, and hereby waives, all rights it may have under applicable law to recover attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.

Fees

our responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules. However, if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, Niantic will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 11(b)).

Changes

Notwithstanding the provisions of the “Changes to Terms or Services” section above, if Niantic changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to termsofservice@nianticlabs.com) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Niantic’s email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Niantic in accordance with the provisions of this “Dispute Resolution” section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).

General Terms

These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Niantic and you regarding the Services and Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Niantic and you regarding the Services and Content. If any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable (either by an arbitrator appointed pursuant to the terms of the “Dispute Resolution” section above or by a court of competent jurisdiction, but only if you timely opt out of arbitration by sending us an Arbitration Opt-out Notice in accordance with the terms set forth above), that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Niantic’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms without such consent will be null. Niantic may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

Any notices or other communications provided by Niantic under these Terms, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be given: (a) via email, or (b) by posting to the Services. For notices made by email, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.

Niantic’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Niantic. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.

Contact Information

If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact Niantic at termsofservice@nianticlabs.com or 1 Ferry Building Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94111.

Terms of Service
An Introduction to Quora’s Terms of Service

Welcome to Quora! Here is a quick summary of the highlights of our Terms of Service:

Our mission is to share and grow the world’s knowledge. The Quora platform offers a place to ask questions and connect with people who contribute unique insights and quality answers. This empowers people to learn from each other and to better understand the world.
You own the content that you post; you also grant us and other users of the Quora platform certain rights and license to use it. The details of these licenses are described in section 3(c) below.
You are responsible for the content that you post. This includes ensuring that you have the rights needed for you to post that content and that your content does not violate the legal rights of another party (for example, defamation) or any applicable laws.
You can repost content from Quora elsewhere, provided that you attribute the content back to the Quora platform and respect the rights of the original poster, including any “not for reproduction” designation.
We do not endorse or verify content posted by users. Our content and materials are provided to you “as is,” without any guarantees. You are solely responsible for your own use of the Quora platform. Posts from lawyers, doctors, and other professionals should not be treated as a substitute for professional advice for your specific situation.
You agree to follow the rules of our platform. When you use the Quora platform, you also agree to our Terms of Service, acknowledge our Privacy Policy, and agree to follow our Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy.
We offer tools for you to give feedback and report complaints. If you think someone has violated your intellectual property rights, other laws, or Quora's policies, you can initiate a report at the contact us portal or by using our in-product reporting tool.
We are pleased that you want to join the Quora platform and encourage you to read the full Terms of Service.

Quora Terms of Service

Last Updated: October 23, 2018

Welcome to Quora! Quora is a platform to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world.

These terms of service (“Terms of Service”) sets forth the agreement (“Agreement”) between you and Quora, Inc. (“Quora” “we” or “us”). It governs your use of the products and services we offer through our web and applications (collectively the “Quora Platform”).

Please make sure to read it, because, by using the Quora Platform, you consent to these terms.

The Mission of the Quora Platform

Quora's mission is to share and grow the world’s knowledge. The Quora Platform is a place to ask questions and connect with people who contribute unique insights and quality answers. This empowers people to learn from each other and to better understand the world.
Using the Quora Platform
Who Can Use It. Use of the Quora Platform by anyone under 13 years of age is prohibited. You represent that you are at least the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you live or, if you are not, your parent or legal guardian must consent to this Terms of Service and affirm that they accept this Agreement on your behalf and bear responsibility for your use.
Registration. When you set up a profile on the Quora Platform, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself. You agree to provide us accurate information, including your real name, when you create your account on the Quora Platform. We will treat information you provide as part of registration in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You should take care in maintaining the confidentiality of your password.
Privacy Policy. Our privacy practices are set forth in our Privacy Policy. Your use of the Quora Platform is subject to our Privacy Policy.
Acceptable Use Policy. In your interaction with others on the Quora Platform, you agree to follow the Acceptable Use Policy at all times.
Termination. You may close your account at any time by going to account settings and disabling your account. We may terminate or suspend your Quora account if you violate any Quora policy or for any other reason.
Changes to the Quora Platform. We are always trying to improve your experience on the Quora Platform. We may need to add or change features and may do so without notice to you.
Feedback. We welcome your feedback and suggestions about how to improve the Quora Platform. Feel free to submit feedback at quora.com/contact. By submitting feedback, you agree to grant us the right, at our discretion, to use, disclose and otherwise exploit the feedback, in whole or part, freely and without compensation to you.
Your Content
Definition of Your Content. The Quora Platform enables you to add posts, texts, photos, videos, links, and files to share with others. All material that you upload, publish or display to others via the Quora Platform will be referred to collectively as “Your Content.” You acknowledge and agree that, as part of using the Quora Platform, Your Content may be viewed by the general public.
Ownership. You, or your licensors, as applicable, retain ownership of the copyright and other intellectual property in Your Content, subject to the non-exclusive rights granted to us below.
License and Permission to Use Your Content.
By submitting, posting, or displaying Your Content on the Quora Platform, you grant Quora and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, store, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make available to the public, and otherwise use Your Content in connection with the operation or use of the Quora Platform or the promotion, advertising or marketing of the Quora Platform or our business partners, in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). You agree that this license includes the right for Quora to make Your Content available to other companies, organizations, business partners, or individuals who collaborate with Quora for the syndication, broadcast, communication and making available to the public, distribution or publication of Your Content on the Quora Platform or through other media or distribution methods. This license also includes the right for other users of the Quora Platform to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, display, and distribute, translate, communicate and make available to the public Your Content, subject to our Terms of Service. If you do not wish to allow your answers to be translated by other users, you can globally opt-out of translation in your profile settings or you can designate certain answers not for translation.
Once you post an answer to a question, you may edit or delete your answer at any time from public display on http://www.quora.com, except in the case of anonymously posted answers. However, we may not be able to control removal of the answer from display on syndicated channels or other previously distributed methods outside of www.quora.com. Quora may remove suspected spam from your answers. Once you post a question, it may be edited or deleted by other users or by Quora at any time. Any edits and changes made by you may be visible to other users. The right for Quora to copy, display, transmit, publish, perform, distribute, store, modify, and otherwise use any question you post, and sublicense those rights to others, is perpetual and irrevocable, to the maximum extent permitted by law, except as otherwise specified in this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora may preserve Your Content and may also disclose Your Content and related information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any of Your Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Quora, its users, or the public.
You understand that we may modify, adapt, or create derivative works from Your Content in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks, devices, service providers, and in various media. We also may remove or refuse to publish Your Content, in whole or part, at any time.
You further give us the permission and authority to act as your nonexclusive agent to take enforcement action against any unauthorized use by third-parties of any of Your Content outside of the Quora Platform or in violation of our Terms of Service.
Your Responsibilities for Your Content. By posting Your Content on the Quora Platform, you represent and warrant to us that: i) you have the ownership rights, or you have obtained all needed licenses or permissions from any necessary parties, to use Your Content and grant us the rights to use Your Content as provided for under this Agreement, and ii) that posting Your Content violates no intellectual property or personal right of others or any applicable law or regulation. You accept full responsibility for avoiding infringement of the intellectual property or personal rights of others or violation of laws and regulations in connection with Your Content. You are responsible for ensuring that Your Content does not violate Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, Trademark Policy, other published Quora policy, or any applicable law or regulation. You agree to pay all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed to any person by reason of Your Content.
Our Content and Materials
Definition of Our Content and Materials. All intellectual property in or related to the Quora Platform (specifically including, but not limited to our software, the Quora marks, the Quora logo, but excluding Your Content) is the property of Quora Inc., or its subsidiaries and affiliates, or content posted by other Quora users licensed to us (collectively “Our Content and Materials”).
Data. All data Quora collects (“Data”) about use of the Quora Platform by you or others is the property of Quora Inc., its subsidiaries, and affiliates. For clarity, Data does not include Your Content and is separate from Our Content and Materials.
Our License to You.
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use and access Our Content and Materials and Data as made available to you on the Quora Platform in connection with your use of the Quora Platform, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Quora gives you a worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to re-post Our Content and Materials anywhere on the web provided that: (a) the content in question was added to the Quora Platform after April 22, 2010; (b) the user who created the content has not explicitly marked the content as not for reproduction on the Quora Platform; (c) you do not modify the content; (d) you attribute Quora by name in readable text and with a human and machine-followable link (an HTML <a> anchor tag) linking back to the page displaying the original source of the content on http://quora.com on every page that contains Our Content and Materials; (e) upon request, either by Quora or a user, you remove the user's name from content which the user has subsequently made anonymous; (f) upon request, either by Quora or by a user who contributed to the content, you make a reasonable effort to update a particular piece of content to the latest version on the Quora Platform; and (g) upon request, either by Quora or by a user who contributed to the content, you make a reasonable attempt to delete content that has been deleted or marked as not for reproduction on the Quora Platform; (h) you don’t republish more than a small portion of Our Content and Materials. In exercising these rights, you may not implicitly or explicitly assert any connection with, sponsorship or endorsement by Quora, or any Quora user, without separate, express prior written permission from us.
We may terminate our license to you at any time for any reason. We have the right but not the obligation to refuse to distribute any content on the Quora Platform or to remove content. Except for the rights and license granted in these terms, we reserve all other rights and grant no other rights or licenses, implied or otherwise.
Permitted uses. If you operate a search engine, web crawler, bot, scraping tool, data mining tool, bulk downloading tool, wget utility, or similar data gathering or extraction tool, you may access the Quora Platform, subject to the following additional rules: i) you must use a descriptive user agent header; ii) you must follow robots.txt at all times; iii) your access must not adversely affect any aspect of the Quora Platform’s functioning; and iv) you must make it clear how to contact you, either in your user agent string, or on your website if you have one.
No Endorsement or Verification. Please note that the Quora Platform contains access to third-party content, products and services, and it offers interactions with third parties. Participation or availability on the Quora Platform does not amount to endorsement or verification by us. We make no warranties or representations about the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any content posted on the Quora Platform by anyone.
Ownership. You acknowledge and agree that Our Content and Materials remain the property of Quora's users or Quora. The content, information and services made available on the Quora Platform are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable.
Integrated Service Provider

You may enable another online service provider, such as a social networking service (“Integrated Service Provider”), to be directly integrated into your account on the Quora Platform. By enabling an integrated service, you are allowing us to pass to, and receive from, the Integrated Service Provider your log-in information and other user data. For more information about Quora’s use, storage, and disclosure of information related to you and your use of integrated services within Quora, please see our Privacy Policy. Note that your use of any Integrated Service Provider and its own handling of your data and information is governed solely by their terms of use, privacy policies, and other policies.
More About Certain Offerings on the Quora Platform
Digests. When you sign up for the Quora Platform, the service includes receipt of a digest of questions and answers that may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of receipt of the digest, and adjust other communication settings, by going to “Email and Notification” settings in your account profile, as further described in our Privacy Policy.
Advertisements. The Quora Platform may include advertisements, which may be targeted to content or information on the Quora Platform, queries made through the Quora Platform, or other information, in an effort to make them relevant to you. The types and extent of advertising by Quora are subject to change. In consideration for Quora granting you access to and use of the Quora Platform, you agree that Quora and its third party providers and partners may place such advertising on the Quora Platform. If you wish to become an advertiser, you will be required to enter into separate and supplemental terms with us about providing advertising services on the Quora Platform.
Legal, Medical & Other Professional Contributors. Some users who post content are members of legal, medical, and other licensed professions (collectively, “Professional Contributors”). Content posted by Professional Contributors should be not be relied on as a substitute for advice from a professional that is appropriate for your specific situation. Quora has provided certain disclaimer template language that Professional Contributors may edit and incorporate in their answers. Ethics rules differ by state or location, and it is the responsibility of Professional Contributors to determine and provide disclaimers appropriate for their profession and the content provided.
Buttons, Links and Widgets. You have permission to use Quora's buttons, links, and widgets, subject to these Terms of Service (including the disclaimers and limitations of liability) and provided that: (a) your use of such buttons, links and widgets link only to the Quora Platform; (b) you will not modify such buttons, links, or widgets or associated code in any manner; (c) you will not use any such buttons, links, or widgets in any manner which implies or suggests that Quora endorses, sponsors, or recommends the website on which such buttons, links and widgets are used; and (d) the use of such buttons, links and widgets, and the website on which such buttons, links and widgets are used do not violate Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy.
Web resources and third-party services. The Quora Platform may also offer you the opportunity to visit links to other websites or to engage with third-party products or services. You assume all risk arising out of your use of such websites or resources.
Services that Require Separate Agreement. Certain features or services may require that you enter into a separate and supplemental written agreement prior to use.
Reporting Violations of Your Intellectual Property Rights, Quora Policies, or Applicable Laws

We have a special process for reporting violations of your intellectual property rights or other violations of Quora policies or applicable laws.
Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy. We have adopted and implemented a Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy. For more information, including detailed information about how to submit a request for takedown if you believe content on the Quora Platform infringes your intellectual property rights, please read our Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy. For your convenience, we provide you the following Copyright Infringement Claim Form and Trademark Infringement Claim Form, which you should use, as applicable, for fastest processing.
Reports of Other Violations. If you believe content on the Quora Platform violates Quora’s Acceptable Use Policy or otherwise violates applicable law (apart from copyright or trademark violations) or other Quora policies, you may submit the following Other Infringement Claim Form.

We have no obligation to delete content that you personally may find objectionable or offensive. We endeavor to respond promptly to requests for content removal, consistent with our policies and applicable law.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY SINCE IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF QUORA ENTITIES TO YOU.

“QUORA ENTITIES” MEANS QUORA INC., AND ANY SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, RELATED COMPANIES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND PARTNERS, AND THE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THEM. EACH PROVISION BELOW APPLIES TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
WE ARE PROVIDING YOU THE QUORA PLATFORM, ALONG WITH OUR CONTENT AND MATERIALS AND THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONNECT WITH OTHERS, ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA ENTITIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USEAGE.
QUORA MAKES NO PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR: (i) CONTENT POSTED BY ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY; (ii) ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE, THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT, OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE LISTED ON OR ACCESSIBLE TO YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM, INCLUDING AN INTEGRATED SERVICE PROVIDER OR PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTOR; (iii) THE QUALITY OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY YOU ENCOUNTER IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT. QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (a) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS OR INFORMATION THAT YOU MAY OBTAIN FROM THE USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM, A PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY OTHER USER WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED OR PURCHASED BY YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL BE SATISFACTORY.
YOU AGREE THAT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, QUORA ENTITIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, QUORA ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, REPUTATIONAL HARM, OR LOSS OF DATA (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE QUORA PLATFORM.
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IS TO STOP USING THE QUORA PLATFORM.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT YOU SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM OR THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID TO QUORA IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES. AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN WHOLE OR IN PART, AND THE FOREGOING SECTIONS 8(c), 8(d), AND 8(e) WILL NOT APPLY TO A RESIDENT OF NEW JERSEY, TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT ARE THE RESULT OF QUORA’S NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, RECKLESS, OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
Indemnification

You agree to release, indemnify, and defend Quora Entities from all third-party claims and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to: i) your use of the Quora Platform, ii) Your Content, iii) your conduct or interactions with other users of the Quora Platform, or iv) your breach of any part of this Agreement. We will promptly notify you of any such claim and will provide you (at your expense) with reasonable assistance in defending the claim. You will allow us to participate in the defense and will not settle any such claim without our prior written consent. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. In that event, you will have no further obligation to defend us in that matter.
Dispute Resolution

This Agreement and any action arising out of your use of the Quora Platform will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. Unless submitted to arbitration as set forth in the following paragraph, all claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with your use of the Quora Platform will be brought solely in Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.

For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) under this Agreement where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000 USD, the party requesting relief may elect to resolve the dispute through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. The party electing such arbitration will initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, as selected by the party initiating the arbitration; b) the arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
General Terms
Changes to these Terms. We may amend this Agreement (including any policies, such as the Privacy Policy , Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy that are incorporated into this Agreement) at any time, in our sole discretion. If we amend material terms to this Agreement, such amendment will be effective after we send you notice of the amended agreement. Such notice will be in our sole discretion, and the manner of notification could include, for example, via email, posted notice on the Quora Platform, or other manner. You can view the Agreement and our main policies at any time here. Your failure to cancel your account, or cease use of the Quora Platform, after receiving notification of the amendment, will constitute your acceptance of the amended terms. If you do not agree to the amendments or to any of the terms in this Agreement, your only remedy is to cancel your account or to cease use of the Quora Platform.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. You agree that Quora is operated in the United States and will be deemed to be solely based in California and a passive service for purposes of jurisdictional analysis. For any claims for which arbitration is inapplicable, you agree that such claims will be brought in federal or state court in Santa Clara County, California and governed by laws of the state of California and federal law, without regard to any conflict of law provisions.
Use Outside of the United States. Quora expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that the Quora Platform complies with all applicable laws and regulations outside of the United States. If you use the Quora Platform outside of the United States, you expressly understand and agree that you are responsible for determining compliance with different laws, regulations, or customs that may apply in connection with your use of the Quora Platform.
Export. The Quora Platform is controlled and operated from our United States offices in California. Quora software is subject to United States export controls. No software for Quora may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of any applicable laws or regulations. You represent that you are not (1) located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (2) listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Applications and Mobile Devices. If you access the Quora Platform through a Quora application, you acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Quora only, and not with another application service provider or application platform provider (such as Apple Inc. or Google Inc.), which may provide you the application subject to its own terms. To the extent you access the Quora Platform through a mobile device, your wireless carrier’s standard charges, data rates, and other fees may apply.
Survival. The following provisions will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 2(e)(Termination), 2(g)(Feedback), Section 3(Your Content), Section 4(a)-(b) and (d)-(f)(Our Content and Materials), Section 8 (Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (Indemnification), Sections 10 (Dispute Resolution), and Section 11 (General Terms).
Notice for California Users. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California web users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Quora Platform is provided by Quora, Inc., located in Mountain View, California. If you have a question or complaint regarding the Quora Platform, please contact Quora at support@quora.com. California residents may reach the Department of Consumer Affairs Consumer Information Division at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 or Hearing Impaired at TDD (800) 326-2297 or TDD (916) 322-1700.
Government End Users. Any Quora software and related documentation are “Commercial Items,” as that term is deﬁned at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202 (as applicable). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (as applicable), the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. government end users: (i) only as Commercial Items; and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to this Agreement.
Assignment. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement) without our prior written consent; any attempted assignment or transfer without complying with the foregoing will be void. We may freely assign or transfer this Agreement. This Agreement inures to the benefit of and is binding upon the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors, and assigns.
Electronic Communications. You consent to receive communications from us by email in accordance with this Agreement and applicable law. You acknowledge and agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Entire Agreement/ Severability. This Agreement supersedes all prior terms, agreements, discussions and writings regarding the Quora Platform and constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Quora Platform (except as to services that require separate written agreement with us, in addition to this Agreement). If any provision in this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, then that provision will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.
Interpretation. In construing or interpreting the terms of this Agreement: (i) the headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, and are not to be considered, and (ii) no presumption is to operate in either party’s favor as a result of its counsel’s role in drafting this Agreement.
Notices. All notices permitted or required under this Agreement, unless specified otherwise in this Agreement, must be sent in writing as follows in order to be valid: (i) if to you, by us via email to the address associated with your account, and (ii) if to us, by you via Legal@Quora.com. Notices will be deemed given (a) if to you, when emailed, and (b) if to us, on receipt by us.
Relationship. This Agreement does not create a joint venture, agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between you and us. Except as expressly provided herein, neither party has the right, power, or authority to create any obligation or duty, express or implied, on behalf of the other.
Waiver. No waiver of any terms will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Our failure to assert a right or provision under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Further Assurances. You agree to execute a hard copy of this Agreement and any other documents, and to take any actions at our expense that we may request to confirm and effect the intent of this Agreement and any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement.
Contact. Feel free to contact us through quora.com/contact with any questions about these terms. Quora is a Delaware corporation, located at 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041.
Prior Versions
Reddit User Agreement
Effective June 8, 2018. Last Revised May 25, 2018
Reddit powers hundreds of thousands of distinct online communities.
This User Agreement and your conduct make that possible.

Hello, redditors and people of the Internet! This Reddit User Agreement ("Terms") applies to your access to and use of the websites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") provided by Reddit, Inc. ("Reddit," "we," or "us").  

Remember Reddit is for fun and is intended to be a place for your entertainment, but we still need some basic rules. By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use our Services.  

Please take a look at Reddit’s Privacy Policy too—it explains how we collect, use, and share information about you when you access or use our Services.

1. Your Access to the Services
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the Services. Additionally, if you are in the European Economic Area, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we need to have received verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian.

In addition, certain of our Services or portions of our Services require you to be older than 13 years of age, so please read all notices and any Additional Terms carefully when you access the Services.

If you are accepting these Terms on behalf of another legal entity, including a business or a government, you represent that you have full legal authority to bind such entity to these terms.

2. Your Use of the Services
Reddit grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Services solely as permitted by these Terms.  We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you by these Terms.

Except as permitted through the Services or as otherwise permitted by us in writing, your license does not include the right to:

license, sell, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or Content; 
modify, prepare derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the Services or Content; or
access the Services or Content in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service, except as permitted under the Reddit API Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you.  Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services will be subject to these Terms, which may be updated from time to time.  You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof.

3. Your Reddit Account and Account Security
To use certain features of our Services, you may be required to create a Reddit account (an "Account") and provide us with a username, password, and certain other information about yourself as set forth in the Privacy Policy.  

You are solely responsible for the information associated with Your Account and anything that happens related to Your Account. You must maintain the security of your Account and promptly notify Reddit if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your Account without your permission.  We recommend that you use a strong password that is used only with the Services. 

You will not license, sell, or transfer your Account without our prior written approval.  

4. Your Content
The Services may contain information, text, links, graphics, photos, videos, or other materials (“Content”), including Content created with or submitted to the Services by you or through your Account (“Your Content”). We take no responsibility for and we do not expressly or implicitly endorse any of Your Content.

By submitting Your Content to the Services, you represent and warrant that you have all rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the rights to Your Content contained within these Terms.  Because you alone are responsible for Your Content, you may expose yourself to liability if you post or share Content without all necessary rights.

You retain any ownership rights you have in Your Content, but you grant Reddit the following license to use that Content:

When Your Content is created with or submitted to the Services, you grant us a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable, and sublicensable license to use, copy, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display Your Content and any name, username, voice, or likeness provided in connection with Your Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed.  This license includes the right for us to make Your Content available for syndication, broadcast, distribution, or publication by other companies, organizations, or individuals who partner with Reddit. You also agree that we may remove metadata associated with Your Content, and you irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.

Any ideas, suggestions, and feedback about Reddit or our Services that you provide to us are entirely voluntary, and you agree that Reddit may use such ideas, suggestions, and feedback without compensation or obligation to you.

Although we have no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor Your Content, we may, in our sole discretion, delete or remove Your Content at any time and for any reason, including for a violation of these Terms, a violation of our Content Policy, or if you otherwise create liability for us.

5. Third-Party Content and Advertisements
The Services may contain links to third-party websites, products, or services, which may be posted by advertisers, our affiliates, our partners, or other users like you (“Third-Party Content”). Third-Party Content is not under our control, and we are not responsible for any of their websites, products, or services.  Your use of Third-Party Content is at your own risk and you should make any investigation you feel necessary before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Content.

The Services may also contain sponsored Third-Party Content or advertisements.  The type, degree, and targeting of advertisements are subject to change, and you acknowledge and agree that we may place advertisements in connection with the display of any Content or information on the Services, including Your Content.

6. Things You Cannot Do
When accessing or using the Services, you must respect others and their rights, including by following these Terms and the Content Policy, so that we all may continue to use and enjoy the Services.  We support the responsible reporting of security vulnerabilities. To report a security issue, please send an email to security@reddit.com.

When accessing or using our Services, you will not:

Create or submit Content that violates our Content Policy or attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we use;
Use the Services to violate applicable law or infringe any person or entity's intellectual property or any other proprietary rights;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to another user’s Account or to the Services (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services);
Upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Services any computer viruses, worms, or other software intended to interfere with the intended operation of a computer system or data;
Use the Services to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding the Services or users of the Services except as permitted in these Terms or in a separate agreement with Reddit;
Use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Services or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the Services in any manner;
Intentionally negate any user's actions to delete or edit their Content on the Services; or
Access, query, or search the Services with any automated system, other than through our published interfaces and pursuant to their applicable terms.  However, we conditionally grant permission to crawl the Services for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials subject to the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file.
7. Moderators
Moderating a subreddit is an unofficial, voluntary position that may be available to users of the Services.  We are not responsible for actions taken by the moderators. We recognize that moderation can take some work, so we may change the features or abilities associated with moderating from time to time without prior notice.  We reserve the right to revoke or limit a user’s ability to moderate at any time and for any reason or no reason, including for a breach of these Terms.

If you choose to moderate a subreddit:

You agree to follow the Moderator Guidelines for Healthy Communities;
You agree that when you receive reports related to your community, that you will take action to moderate by removing content and/or escalating to the admins for review;
You may not represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of Reddit, Inc.;
You may not enter into any agreement with a third party on behalf of Reddit, or any subreddits that you moderate, without our written approval;
You may not perform moderation actions in return for any form of compensation or favor from third parties;
If you have access to non-public information as a result of moderating a subreddit, you will use such information only in connection with your performance as a moderator; and
You may create and enforce rules for the subreddits you moderate, provided that such rules do not conflict with these Terms, our Content Policy, and the  Moderator Guidelines for Healthy Communities.
Reddit reserves the right, but has no obligation, to overturn any action or decision of a moderator if Reddit believes that such action or decision is not in the interest of Reddit or the Reddit community.

8. Copyright, the DMCA & Takedowns
Reddit respects the intellectual property of others and requires that users of our Services do the same.  We have a policy that includes the removal of any infringing materials from the Services and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our Services who are repeat infringers. If you believe that anything on our Services infringes a copyright that you own or control, you may notify Reddit’s Designated Agent by filling out our DMCA Report Form or by contacting:

Copyright Agent
Reddit, Inc.
548 Market St., #16093
San Francisco, CA 94104-5401
copyright@reddit.com

Also, please note that if you knowingly misrepresent that any activity or material on our Service is infringing, you may be liable to Reddit for certain costs and damages.

If we remove Your Content in response to a copyright or trademark notice, we will notify you via Reddit’s private messaging system. If you believe Your Content was wrongly removed due to a mistake or misidentification, you can send a counter notification to our Copyright Agent (contact information provided above). Please see 17 U.S.C. §512(g)(3) for the requirements of a proper counter notification.

9. Reddit Gold, Premium Features and Payment Information
There are no fees for use of many aspects of the Services.  However, premium features, including Reddit Gold, may be available for purchase on certain of our Services.  Reddit may change the fees or benefits associated with the premium features from time to time with reasonable advance notice; provided, however, that no advance notice will be required for temporary promotions, including temporary reductions in the fees associated with the premium features.

You may submit your debit card, credit card, or other payment information ("Payment Information") via our Services to purchase premium features or other paid products or services. We use third-party service providers to process your Payment Information. If you submit your Payment Information, you agree to pay all costs that you incur, and you give us permission to charge you when payment is due for an amount that includes these costs and any applicable taxes and fees.

10. Indemnity
Except to the extent prohibited by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us, our licensors, our third party service providers and our officers, employees, licensors, and agents (the “Reddit Entities”) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Services, (b) your violation of these Terms, (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations, or (d) Your Content.  We reserve the right to control the defense of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.

11. Disclaimers
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  REDDIT, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR FREE. REDDIT DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE, OR TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR LINKED TO THE SERVICES OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR USER, INCLUDING MODERATORS. WHILE REDDIT ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES SAFE, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT OUR SERVICES OR SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

12. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, WILL THE REDDIT ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THOSE ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES THAT IS ALLEGED TO BE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL.  ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM. IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE REDDIT ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100) OR ANY AMOUNT YOU PAID REDDIT IN THE PREVIOUS SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING THOSE BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF THE REDDIT ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF ANY REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.

13. Governing Law and Venue
We want you to enjoy Reddit, so if you have an issue or dispute, you agree to raise it and try to resolve it with us informally. You can contact us with feedback and concerns here or by emailing us at contact@reddit.com.

Except for the government entities listed below: any claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be governed by the laws of California, other than its conflict of laws rules; all disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco, California; and you consent to personal jurisdiction in these courts.

Government Entities

If you are a U.S. city, county, or state government entity, then this Section 13 does not apply to you.

If you are a U.S. federal government entity: any claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be governed by the laws of the United States of America without reference to conflict of laws. To the extent permitted by federal law, the laws of California (other than its conflict of law rules) will apply in the absence of applicable federal law. All disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco, California.

14. Changes to these Terms
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we make changes, we will post the amended Terms to our Services and update the Effective Date above. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your Account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through our Services. By continuing to access or use the Services on or after the Effective Date of the revised Terms, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.  If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services before the changes become effective.

15. Additional Terms
Because we offer a variety of Services, you may be asked to agree to additional terms before using a specific product or service offered by Reddit (“Additional Terms”).  To the extent any Additional Terms conflict with these Terms, the Additional Terms govern with respect to your use of the corresponding Service.

If you use the self-service platform for advertising, you must also agree to our Terms for Self-Service Advertising.

If you use our public API, you must also agree to our Reddit API Terms of Use.    

If you use RedditGifts, you must agree to the RedditGifts Terms of Service.

16. Termination
You may terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your Account and discontinuing your use of all Services.  If you stop using the Services without deactivating your Accounts, your Accounts may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity.

We may suspend or terminate your Accounts, status as a moderator, or ability to access or use the Services at any time for any or no reason, including for a violation of these Terms or our Content Policy.  

The following sections will survive any termination of these Terms or of your Accounts: 4 (Your Content), 6 (Things You Cannot Do), 10 (Indemnity), 11 (Disclaimers), 12 (Limitation of Liability), 13 (Governing Law and Venue), 16 (Termination), and 17 (Miscellaneous).

17. Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding your access to and use of the Services. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.  If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the rest of the Terms will remain in effect. You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent.  We may freely assign these Terms.
Terms of service and end user license agreement (“EULA”)
Applicable from: 7 May 2013.
 
Previous version of this EULA may be found here.
The following terms of service and end user license agreement (“EULA”) constitute an agreement between you and Rovio Entertainment Ltd, and its affiliates (“Rovio”). This EULA governs your use of Software and Services (as specified below). 
For purposes of this EULA "Software" means all software programs distributed, published or otherwise made available by Rovio or its affiliates including, but not limited to mobile games, downloadable/installable games for personal computer, and games accessed by means of a browser or other online communication method. Software also includes updates and upgrades as well as accompanying manual(s), packaging and other written, files, electronic or on-line materials or documentation, and any and all copies of such software and its materials.
“Services” means all services made available by Rovio, including but not limited to services accessed through mobile games, by means of a browser or by other online communication method.
Software and Services are collectively referred to as “Rovio Services”. 
THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED, NOT SOLD. YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE (AS SPECIFIED BELOW) IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS EULA. BY INSTALLING, USING OR ACCESSING THE ROVIO SERVICES OR ANY MATERIALS INCLUDED IN OR WITH THE ROVIO SERVICES, YOU HEREBY ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS EULA.
If you do not accept the terms of this EULA, do not install, use or access the Rovio Services.
1. Licenses
SOFTWARE LICENSE. Subject to this EULA and its terms and conditions, Rovio hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use one copy of the Software for your personal non-commercial use for gameplay on a single computer or gaming unit, unless otherwise specified in the Software documentation. The rights granted herein are subject to your compliance with this EULA. The Software is being licensed to you and you hereby acknowledge that no title or ownership in the Software is being transferred or assigned and this EULA is not to be construed as a sale of any rights in the Software.
SERVICE LICENSE. Subject to this EULA and its terms and conditions, Rovio hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use the Services as provided by Rovio, for your personal non-commercial use, in the manner permitted by this EULA. The rights granted herein are subject to your compliance with this EULA. 
LICENSE TERM. The term of your licenses under this EULA shall commence on the date that you accept this EULA and install or otherwise use the Software and/or Services and ends on the earlier date of either your disposal of the Software and/or Services or Rovio's termination of this EULA. Your license terminates immediately if you attempt to circumvent any technical protection measures used in connection with the Software and/or Services or you otherwise use the Software and/or Services in breach of the terms of this EULA. 
OWNERSHIP; NO OTHER LICENSES. Rovio retains all right, title and interest in and to the Rovio Services, including, but not limited to, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, proprietary rights, patents, titles, computer codes, audiovisual effects, themes, characters, character names, stories, dialog, settings, artwork, sound effects, musical works, and moral rights whether registered or not and all applications thereof. The Rovio Services are protected by applicable laws and treaties throughout the world. Unless expressly authorized by mandatory legislation, the Rovio Services may not be copied, reproduced or distributed in any manner or medium, in whole or in part, without prior written consent from Rovio. All rights not expressly granted to you herein are reserved by Rovio.
2. Third party services
Rovio Services may include links to third party services and/or the third party services may be made available to you via Rovio Services. These services may include, but are not limited to gameplay recording and sharing, social medial connectivity and the like. These services are subject to respective third party terms and conditions. Please study these third party terms and conditions carefully as they constitute an agreement between you and the applicable third party service provider.
3. General license conditions
You agree not to: (i) commercially exploit the Rovio Services; (ii) distribute, lease, license, sell, rent, lend, convey or otherwise transfer or assign the Rovio Services, any copies thereof, or any passwords or usernames of Rovio Services, without the express prior written consent of Rovio or as set forth in this EULA; (iii) make a copy of the Rovio Services or any part thereof, including but not limited to Software (other than as set forth herein); (iv) make the Rovio Services publicly available or available on a network for use or download by multiple users; (v) except as otherwise specifically provided by the Rovio Services or this EULA, use or install the Rovio Services (or permit others to do same) on a network, for on-line use, or on more than one computer or gaming unit at the same time; (vi) use or copy the Rovio Services at a computer gaming center or any other location-based site; provided, that Rovio may offer you a separate site license agreement to make the Rovio Services available for commercial use; (vii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, translate, prepare derivative works based on or otherwise modify the Rovio Services, in whole or in part; (viii) remove, obscure or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices, marks or labels contained on or within the Rovio Services, falsify or delete any author attributions, legal notices or other labels of the origin or source of the material; (ix) misrepresent the source of ownership of the Rovio Services; (x) transport, export or re-export (directly or indirectly) into any country forbidden to receive such Rovio Services by any U.S. or other export laws or accompanying regulations or otherwise violate such laws or regulations, that may be amended from time to time; or (xi) scrape, build databases or otherwise create permanent copies of content returned from the Rovio Services.
However, with regards to installable Software that was delivered on a physical storage medium, you may transfer the entire Software and accompanying documentation on a permanent basis to another person as long as you retain no copies (including archival or backup copies) of the Software, accompanying documentation, or any portion or component of the Software accompanying documentation, and the recipient agrees to the terms of this EULA The Software is intended for private use only.
The Rovio Services may include measures to control access to the Rovio Service, prevent unauthorized copies, or otherwise attempt to prevent anyone from exceeding the limited rights and licenses granted under this EULA. Only Rovio Services subject to a valid license can be used to access online services, and download updates and patches. You may not interfere with such access control measures or attempt to disable or circumvent such security features. If you disable or otherwise tamper with the technical protection measures, the Rovio Services will not function properly.
The Rovio Services may allow you to create content, including but not limited to gameplay maps, screenshots or a video of your game play. In exchange for use of the Rovio Services, and to the extent that your contributions through use of the Rovio Services give rise to any copyright, design right or any other intellectual or industrial property right you hereby grant Rovio an exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to use your contributions in any way and for any purpose including, but not limited to the rights to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the public by any means whether now known or unknown and distribute your contributions without any further notice or compensation to you of any kind for the whole duration of protection granted to intellectual and industrial property rights by applicable laws and international conventions. If not expressly prohibited by mandatory legislation, you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution with respect to Rovio's and other players' use and enjoyment of such assets in connection with the Rovio Services and related goods and services under applicable law. This license grant to Rovio, and the above waiver of any applicable moral rights, survives any termination of this EULA.
The Rovio Services may require an internet connection to access the Rovio Services or its internet-based features, authenticate the Software, or perform other functions. In order for certain features of the Rovio Services to operate properly, you may be required to have and maintain (a) an adequate internet connection and/or (b) a valid and active account with an online service as set forth in the documentation related to Rovio Services. By using the Rovio Services, you acknowledge and agree that third party data transfer fees may apply depending on your data plan. Please consult your carrier for further information. If you do not maintain such accounts, then the Rovio Services or certain features of the Rovio Services may not operate or may cease to function properly, either in whole or in part.
4. Information collection and use; Privacy policy
By installing, accessing or using the Rovio Services, you consent to these information collection and usage terms, including (where applicable) the transfer of data into a country outside of the European Union and/or the European Economic Area or the United States of America.
Rovio respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you. Rovio's privacy policy as amended from time to time is available at www.rovio.com/privacy ("Privacy Policy") and applicable to this EULA. Rovio’s Privacy Policy defines how, why and to which extent Rovio collects and uses personal and non-personal information in relation to Rovio's products and services. By installing, accessing or using the Rovio Services you explicitly agree with the terms and conditions of Rovio’s Privacy Policy and to any terms and conditions included therein by reference.
5. Payments and purchases of virtual goods
Rovio may license to you certain virtual goods to be used within Rovio Services. Unless otherwise specified, these virtual goods shall be deemed an integral part of the Software. These virtual goods may be licensed both for a fee using “real world money” and without any separate fee, as applicable from time to time. These virtual goods may also be licensed by using third party virtual currency, such as Facebook Credits or by using separate activation codes.
Any and all virtual goods are licensed to you on limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable and revocable basis and limited only for non-commercial use.
Please note that any payment for licenses for virtual goods or redemption of third party virtual currency is always FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. Also please note that if you purchase Facebook Credits from Facebook, such transaction is governed by the agreement between you and Facebook and Rovio is not a party to the transaction.
Rovio may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate virtual goods at any time, with or without notice. Rovio shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Rovio exercises any such rights.
SUBJECT TO MANDATORY LEGISLATION, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ROVIO IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR VIRTUAL GOODS FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL GOODS, WHETHER YOUR LOSS OF LICENSE UNDER THIS EULA WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.
6. Warranty
6.1 Warranty for Physical software Products 
Rovio warrants to you (if you are the initial and original purchaser of the Software) that, to the extent the Software is made available to you on a physical storage medium, the original storage medium holding the Software is free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and service for 90 days from the date of purchase. If mandatory legislation in your jurisdiction requires longer in excess to the aforementioned 90 days, the length of the warranty is amended accordingly. If for any reason you find a defect in the physical storage medium during the warranty period, Rovio agrees to replace, free of charge, any physical storage medium and related Software discovered to be defective within the warranty period as long as the Software is currently commercially distributed by Rovio. If the Software is no longer available, Rovio retains the right to substitute a similar piece of Software of equal or greater value. This warranty is limited to the physical storage medium and the Software as originally provided by Rovio and is not applicable to normal wear and tear. This warranty shall not be applicable and shall be void if the defect has arisen through abuse, mistreatment, or neglect. Any implied warranties prescribed by statute are expressly limited to the warranty period described above.
When returning the Software subject to the limited warranty above, please send the original Software only to the Rovio address specified below and include: your name and return address; a photocopy of your dated sales receipt; and a brief note describing the defect and the system on which you are running the Software.
6.2 No other Warranties
NOTWITHSTANDING THE ABOVEMENTIONED WARRANTY FOR PHYSICAL STORAGE MEDIUM SPECIFIED IN SECTION 6.1 ABOVE, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE ROVIO SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS,” WITH ALL FAULTS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WITHOUT PERFORMANCE ASSURANCES OR GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND, AND YOUR USE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE ENTIRE RISK OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE RESIDES WITH YOU. ROVIO, ROVIO’S LICENSORS AND CHANNEL PARTNERS DO NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM, ANY AND ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF CONDITION, UNINTERRUPTED USE, ACCURACY OF DATA (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOCATION DATA), MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND WARRANTIES (IF ANY) ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. ROVIO, ROVIO’S LICENSORS AND CHANNEL PARTNERS DO NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE SOFTWARE; THAT THE ROVIO SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE ROVIO SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE ROVIO SERVICES WILL INTEROPERATE OR BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OTHER ROVIO SERVICES OR THAT ANY ERRORS IN THE ROVIO SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN ADVICE PROVIDED BY ROVIO, ROVIO’S LICENSORS AND CHANNEL PARTNERS OR ANY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATIONS ON THE APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS APPLY ONLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
7. Limitations of liability
IN NO EVENT WILL ROVIO, ROVIO’S AFFILIATES, ROVIO’S LICENSORS OR CHANNEL PARTNERS BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM POSSESSION, ACCESS, USE OR MALFUNCTION OF THE ROVIO SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES TO PROPERTY, LOSS OF GOODWILL, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURIES, PROPERTY DAMAGE, LOST PROFITS OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FROM ANY CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS EULA OR THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER ARISING IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER OR NOT ROVIO, ROVIO’S LICENSORS OR CHANNEL PARTNERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION 7, ROVIO’S LICENSORS AND CHANNEL PARTNERS ARE THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES TO THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SPECIFIED HEREIN AND THEY MAY ENFORCE THIS EULA AGAINST YOU.
BECAUSE SOME STATES/COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT BE APPLICABLE SOLELY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SPECIFIC PROVISION OF THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS PROHIBITED BY ANY FEDERAL, STATE, OR MUNICIPAL LAW, WHICH CANNOT BE PRE-EMPTED. THIS EULA GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.
IN NO EVENT SHALL ROVIO’S, ROVIO’S AFFILIATES’, ROVIO’S LICENSORS’ OR CHANNEL PARTNERS’ LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES (EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW) EXCEED THE ACTUAL PRICE PAID BY YOU FOR USE OF THE ROVIO SERVICES OR FIVE  EUROS (EUR 5), WHICHEVER LESS.
8. Other terms and conditions
TERMINATION: This EULA will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with its terms and conditions. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Software and all of its component parts and cease and desist from accessing any Rovio Services. With regards to Software delivered on a physical storage medium you can end this EULA by destroying the Software and all copies and reproductions of the Software and deleting and permanently purging the Software from any client server or computer on which it has been installed.
EQUITABLE REMEDIES: You hereby agree that if the terms of this EULA are not specifically observed, Rovio will be irreparably damaged, and therefore you agree that Rovio shall be entitled, without bond, other security or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect to your breach of any of the terms of this EULA, in addition to any other available remedies.
AFFILIATE: For purposes of this EULA, an “affiliate” or Rovio means any legal entity that is directly or indirectly controlled by Rovio for so long as such control lasts.  Control shall exist through direct or indirect ownership of more than 50 % of the nominal value of the issued equity share capital or more than 50 % of the shares entitling the holders to vote for the election of the members of the board of directors or persons performing similar functions.
INDEMNITY: You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Rovio, its partners, affiliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all damages, losses and expenses arising directly or indirectly from: (i) your acts and omissions to act in using the Rovio Services pursuant to the terms of the EULA; or (ii) your breach of this EULA.
MISCELLANEOUS: This EULA represents the complete agreement concerning this license between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. Rovio reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this EULA by posting the updated EULA on Rovio’s website. You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Rovio Services. If any provision of this EULA is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the remaining provisions of this EULA shall not be affected.
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION. This EULA will be governed by the laws of Finland without reference to its choice of law rules. The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply. 
 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this EULA or the breach, termination or validity thereof shall be finally settled at Rovio's discretion (i) at your domicile's competent courts; or (ii) by arbitration in accordance with the Rules for Expedited Arbitration of the Arbitration Institute of the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The arbitration shall be conducted in Helsinki, Finland, in the English language.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST ROVIO ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY CONTACT support@rovio.com.


Terms of Use
Terms of Use of the Ryanair Website
1. General
The owner of this website is Ryanair DAC, an Irish company, No 104547, located at Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside Business Park, Swords, Co. Dublin, Ireland (“Ryanair”). By using this website or its content, whether directly or through a third party, you agree to be legally bound by and act in accordance with these Terms of Use. In particular you agree not to do the acts prohibited under paragraphs 3 to 5 below. If you disagree with these Terms of Use, you are not permitted to, and agree not to, use this website or its content. 
2. Exclusive online distribution channel.
This website is the only website authorised to sell Ryanair flights, whether on their own or as part of a package. Price comparison websites may apply to enter into a written Licence Agreement with Ryanair, which permits such websites to access Ryanair’s price, flight and timetable information for the sole purpose of price comparison.

 

3. Permitted use.
You are not permitted to use this website (including the mobile app and any webpage and/or data that passes through the web domain at ryanair.com) its underlying computer programs (including application programming interfaces (“APIs”)), domain names, Uniform Resource Locators (“URLs”), databases, functions or its content other than for private, non-commercial purposes. Use of any automated system or software, whether operated by a third party or otherwise, to extract any data from this website for commercial purposes (“screen scraping”) is prohibited. Ryanair reserves its right to take such action as it considers necessary, including issuing legal proceedings without further notice, in relation to any unauthorised use of this website.

4. Intellectual property.
All information, data, underlying computer programs (including APIs), domain names, URLs, databases, and materials presented on this website, including names, logos, flight schedules, prices, etc., as well as the colour scheme and the layout of the website, are subject to copyright, trade mark rights, database rights and/or other intellectual property rights. You may use such content only as strictly required for permitted personal, non-commercial purposes. Any other use and/or reproduction of such content, without the prior written consent of Ryanair, is prohibited and will constitute a breach of these Terms of Use and may infringe Ryanair’s IP rights. 
5. Links to this website.
You may not establish and/or operate links to this website without the prior written consent of Ryanair. 
6. Limited liability.
Ryanair will not be held liable for any losses and/or damages arising from the use of this website or of any other website to which this website provides a link, and/or from the use of information presented on this or any such other website. 
7. Applicable law and jurisdiction.
It is a condition precedent to the use of the Ryanair website, including access to information relating to flight details, costs, etc., that any such party submits to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Republic of Ireland and to the application of the law in that jurisdiction, including any party accessing such information or facilities on their own behalf or on behalf of others.  In the absolute and sole discretion of Ryanair, a legal action may be brought by Ryanair against any party in breach of these terms and conditions, at its election, in Ireland or the place of breach or the domicile of that party, and, if more than one party, in the domicile of any one of those parties, and all other parties shall submit to that jurisdiction.  For the sake of clarity, where a passenger or person carried or to be carried pursuant to a contract of carriage with Ryanair wishes to institute proceedings against Ryanair on foot of that contract for carriage, then those proceedings shall be brought by the passenger solely in accordance with the provisions of the Montreal Convention 1999 and EU Regulation No. 2027/1997 (as amended by Regulation No. 889/2002) or such further amendment to the Montreal Convention or further amendment by Regulation as may arise from time to time.
SHAZAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS
General
Usage Policy
Copyright
User Generated Content
Availability of Services
Legal Protection and Limitations
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Additional Terms
GENERAL
Effective June 29, 2015

LICENCE TERMS AND CONDITIONS - APPLICABLE WORLDWIDE EXCEPT WHERE WE PUBLISH SPECIFIC TERRITORIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

These terms and conditions (“Terms”) set out important information regarding the rights, obligations and restrictions that may apply to you as a “User” when you access our “Website” at https://www.shazam.com and/or access, use or download the Shazam “Application” available on “Devices” such as cell phones, tablets, and personal computers, and any “Services” offered in conjunction with the Application or Website. The Services may include content and media identification and exploration and, in some cases, access to related “Third Party Applications and/or Sites” that can be used in conjunction with the Services (for example, e-commerce providers, social networking sites, sites accessible via QR codes, information and access feature providers). The Services, where not specifically provided otherwise, are supplied by Shazam Entertainment Limited (“we,” us,” and “our” as appropriate). We are a limited company incorporated in England and Wales. Our registered office is at: 26-28 Hammersmith Grove, London W6 7HA United Kingdom (registered number: 3998831). You can also contact us by phone: +44 (0) 208 742 6820 and email support@shazam.com. VAT number: 766118223.

These Terms may be accessed via the Application directly from your Device or on our Website at https://www.shazam.com/terms. Any translations of these Terms are provided as a courtesy to you and the definitive text of these Terms is the English (UK) version.

By using our Services, you (1) represent you are over the age of 13; and (2) agree to be bound by these Terms and any applicable laws regarding your use of Shazam. You must also pay any charges for the Services which may be applicable. DO NOT USE THE SERVICES IF THESE TERMS ARE UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU.

Please note:

1. In the event that you are or become a paying customer of any part of the Application and/ or Services or any other product part of the Shazam offering, we will provide to you relevant information regarding price, delivery procedure and cancellation options on a case–by-case basis, before completing the payment for your purchase. Any purchase will be effective upon the processing of your payment.

2. Once you start using Shazam, you hereby agree to waive any right to a limited period in which you could revoke your purchase or claim a refund upon cancellation of your purchase (also known as a cooling off period) (if any) available to you under any applicable e-commerce regulations or consumer protection laws. In the event a waiver of these rights is prohibited under the law, this cooling off period shall be limited to seven (7) days or (if shorter) the minimum period permitted by law.

3. Each time you attempt to interact with Shazam, such as when you tag a music track for example, you will send data for which your network operator will charge at your usual data rates.

4. Unless otherwise specifically provided by us, our licence to you under these Terms is personal to you and allows you to access and use the Application and the Services only on the Device on which the software was first installed. The licence is not transferrable to another person or another Device without our agreement, which will only be given in exceptional circumstances, or if otherwise expressly provided in these Terms.

back to top ↑
USAGE POLICY
You agree to use the Services for non-commercial use and, above all, fairly. The Services are not to be used for commercial or performance monitoring purposes. Shazam reserves the right to limit your identification attempts in any month, or cease to provide our Service to you without further notice.

We may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of Shazam at any time, including the availability of any feature, database and/ or content. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without liability. Where these changes or suspensions would amount to a complete termination of the Services you may be entitled to a refund of the reasonable part of any charges paid by you.

Continued use of the Application and/ or Services may require a download of new releases of software with different functionality and that may have different licence terms.

Usage of lyrics supplied to you by us, either through our Website or our Applications, is limited to your personal, non-commercial use in accordance with the following restrictions. You may not reproduce (other than as authorized for your own personal usage), publish, transmit, distribute, publicly display, rent or lend, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in the sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the lyrics provided to you. You agree that you are not granted any so-called “karaoke” or “sing-along” rights to lyrics and you shall not seek to or remove any vocal track from a sound recording that shall be associated with a lyric provided to you. You agree not to assign, transfer, or transmit any lyrics to a third party. You agree that you shall not seek to or do anything that will defeat, evade or circumvent any efforts that may be made to protect the lyrics from any unauthorized usage.

back to top ↑
COPYRIGHT
We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our Users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied or used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our copyright agent with the following information (“Notice”): (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; (iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located; (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf. Any Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement must be sent to us at:

Attn: Copyright Agent
Shazam Entertainment Limited
26-28 Hammersmith Grove
London W6 7HA
phone: +44 (0) 208 742 6820
email: copyright@shazam.com

Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying us and our affiliates that (a) your copyrighted material has been infringed; (b) you have noticed any defamatory content published via Shazam; or (c) your personal privacy or that of your family has been violated in a manner that contravenes applicable local laws.

back to top ↑
USER GENERATED CONTENT
Please choose carefully the words, information, content, messages, text, files, images, photos, sounds, profiles, works of authorship or any other materials you post, upload, link to, publish or display on our Website and/ or through the use of Services and any such content that you provide or make available to other Users through the Website (collectively, “User Content”). You are responsible for all User Content, as set forth below.

You retain ownership of User Content. By sharing User Content via Shazam (and any Third Party Application and/or Sites), you grant to us during the entire period of protection of your intellectual property rights associated with such content and material, a world-wide, royalty free, non-exclusive licence to use, copy, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, translate, reproduce, transmit or distribute, or an equivalent right to use, the User Content via Shazam (and any other Third Party Applications and/or Sites). We require such a licence in order to provide certain functionality within Shazam (and any Third Party Applications and/or Sites).

By sharing User Content within Shazam (and any Third Party Application and/or Sites) you warrant that you own all rights in and to the User Content shared by you and that you are not breaching any other party’s rights to privacy, publicity rights, copyrights or contractual rights.

Information or User Content provided by other Users, including artists sharing content or commentary via Shazam, may contain inaccurate, inappropriate or offensive material, products or services, and we assume no responsibility or liability for this material. User Content must not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, violate any confidentiality agreement or other contract or be otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and must not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any User Content. We have the right, but not the obligation, to refuse to post, remove or edit any posting or submission of User Content. We do not actively monitor User Content and take no responsibility and assume no liability for any User Content.

By submitting the User Content to us, you grant us and our affiliates the right to use the username that you submit in connection with such User Content. You grant to us a revocable, non-exclusive, worldwide right and licence, or another equivalent right to use, all the trademarks, service marks, trade dress, artwork, names, likenesses and biographical material associated with the User Content, your username, or your account in connection with your use of and our operation of the Services. You are solely responsible for any necessary payments that may become due to any third parties as the result of your posting of or linking to the User Content and our use thereof on our Applications or Website.

The following is a partial list of the kind of User Content that is illegal or prohibited on Shazam. We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action in our sole discretion against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending User Content from the Website or Services and terminating the access to Shazam of such violators. Prohibited User Content includes content that: (i) is obscene, offensive, or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; (ii) harasses or advocates harassment of another person; (iii) involves the transmission of “junk mail,” “chain letters,” or unsolicited mass mailing or “spamming”; (iv) consists of information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; (v) consists of an illegal or unauthorized copy of a copyrighted work, such as sound recordings, musical compositions and videos in which you do not personally own the copyright or otherwise do not have the necessary authority from the copyright owner(s); (vi) computer programs or links to them or providing information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, or infringing materials; (vii) contains restricted or password-only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page); (viii) provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 or solicits personal information from anyone under 18; (ix) provides instructional information about illegal activities; (x) solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users; (xi) involves commercial activities and/ or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes; (xii) violates anyone’s right of privacy; or (xiii) uses any unfair, misleading or deceptive content intended to draw traffic to the profile.

You agree that Shazam is not responsible for, and does not endorse, User Content posted within the Applications or on the Website. Shazam does not have any obligation to prescreen, monitor, edit, or remove any User Content. If your User Content violates these Terms, you may bear legal responsibility for that User Content.

back to top ↑
AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES
We will do our best to offer you a smooth service, but we give no guarantees that Shazam will be fault free or that the Services will be uninterrupted. If a fault does occur, please report it to Customer Services, at support@shazam.com or by using our in-app support options, and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we reasonably can.

We will occasionally restrict your access to the Website or to the Services to carry out repairs, maintenance or to introduce new functionality or services and we will endeavour to keep disruption to a minimum.

New Services are subject to a period of testing. This means that a new Service may not perform with complete functionality, may be undergoing testing, may be inconsistently available, may have software “bugs” being fixed by us and may have other issues affecting availability and functionality.

back to top ↑
LEGAL PROTECTION AND LIMITATIONS
You acknowledge that Shazam’s Website and Applications (and any other Third Party Applications and/or Sites) licensed by us to you are our property (or that of the relevant third party). You are granted a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable (without the right to sublicense) licence to use Shazam or any Third Party Application and/or Site for the purpose of accessing and using the Services. Except as expressly authorized by us, you may not copy, modify, translate, reproduce, distribute, publish, broadcast, perform, display, sell, assign, lease or sub-license that content, in whole or in part. You agree not to disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to gain access to the source code of the Application or Services or any Third Party Application and/or Site. You will not copy any part of Shazam or any Third Party Applications and/or Sites or make commercial use of, rent, lease, loan, sell, publish, license, sublicense, distribute, assign or otherwise transfer any part of Shazam or such Third Party Application and/or Site to any person.

You agree to not use Shazam to: (i) interfere with, manipulate, or take any actions that may undermine the integrity of any rating system used on the Services; (ii) interfere with or disrupt Shazam or servers or networks, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to these; (iii) collect or store personal data about other Users of Shazam; or (iv) harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any other User without their prior explicit consent.

You will not alter, destroy, obscure, or otherwise remove any copyright or proprietary notices or labels on or embedded within any part of Shazam and/or any Third Party Applications and/or Sites.

You agree to not use Shazam or export any portion of it in violation of U.S. export regulations.

You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country and you are not listed on any U.S. list of prohibited or restricted parties.

YOUR USE OF SHAZAM IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. SHAZAM IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND STATUTORY REMEDIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) SHAZAM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) DELIVERY OF ANY PORTION OF SHAZAM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF SHAZAM WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED; (vi) ANY PORTION OF SHAZAM OR ANY OTHER APPLICATION PROVIDED BY US WILL BE OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FAULT OR VIRUS FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED OR SATISFY ANY CONDITIONS OF QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR PURPOSE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH OR FROM THE APPLICATION, WEBSITE OR SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.

Under no circumstances will we or our respective parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, suppliers and their respective owners, officers, manager, members, agents and employees, be liable to you for loss of profits, business interruptions, loss of business information, loss of business, opportunity or other pecuniary loss, loss of data or any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, or punitive damages or losses, whether based in contract, tort or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with use of, or inability to use Shazam (and any other applications) which we license to you, any content delivered to you or Shazam, whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such damages or loss. In any event, our liability to you shall be limited to typical and foreseeable damage and shall not exceed the fees for a three (3) month period or the maximum amount of fifteen dollars ($15), whichever is higher. Some jurisdictions (countries, provinces, states) absolutely prohibit some limitations on liability, disclaimer of warranties or exclusion of direct or consequential damages. In such cases only, the above disclaimers, limitations or exclusions may not apply to you to their full extent.

You hereby indemnify and hold harmless, and upon our request, defend, (1) us, our affiliates and their respective directors, officers and employees; and (2) providers of Third Party Applications and/or Sites, from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of any claim, action, or proceeding brought by a third party based on a breach of any warranty, representation, covenant or obligation by you under these Terms. You will reimburse us, our affiliates, and providers of Third Party Applications and/or Sites, as applicable, on demand for any actual payments made in resolution of any liability or claim that is subject to indemnification under this Section, provided that we attempt to obtain your written consent prior to making such payments, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. We shall promptly notify you of any such claim, and you shall assume control of the defence of such claim upon our request. We shall have the right, at your expense, to participate in the defence thereof under your reasonable direction.

Nothing in these Terms shall be construed so as to exclude or limit our liability or that of any third party for death or personal injury as a result of negligence. Nothing in these Terms affects any mandatory statutory rights that you may have as a consumer, except to the extent permitted by law.

We may assign our rights and obligation under these Terms without your prior consent to any new provider of the Shazam Services. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then the provision will be deleted. Any such deletion will not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the other provisions of these Terms.

We may at any time terminate your account or prevent you from gaining access to Shazam. We will not be liable to you or to any third party for any failure, suspension and/or termination of access to Shazam in any way.

“Shazam” is a registered trademark of Shazam Entertainment Limited. All trademarks, logos, designs and images used in connection with the Application, Website and Services remain the property of Shazam or their respective owners.

If you have any queries regarding us, the Website, Application and/ or Services, please contact us by email at support@shazam.com or via the Help pages at https://www.shazam.com. Alternatively, you can contact us by post at Customer Service, Shazam Entertainment Limited, 26-28 Hammersmith Grove, London, W6 7HA.

We may amend these Terms at any time by posting the amended terms on our Website and/ or by amending the Terms as they are accessed from the Application on your Device. It is your responsibility to review these Terms from time to time to check if they have been amended. The effective date of each new version of the Terms will be included at the top of the Terms page. If you continue to use the Application and/ or Services or you download any content or upgrade any of the Services after we have posted any amended terms that will demonstrate that you accept our updated Terms. Should you not accept these amendments, you may terminate the Services.

Unsolicited Ideas and Feedback

We welcome your feedback on what we are currently doing (both positive and negative). If you want to send us your feedback, we ask that you use our contact form. Any feedback you provide to us can be used by us on an unrestricted basis and treated by us as non-confidential.

Please do not tell us anything that contains new or original ideas, in respect of which you might want, now or in future, to claim any form of proprietary rights. If, despite our request that you not send us your ideas, you still send them to us, then regardless of what you say to us, you agree that: (i) your submissions and their contents will automatically become our property, without any compensation to you; (ii) you will not assert against us any rights or ownership and you will not claim any reward (financial or otherwise) in respect of any such submissions; (iii) we may use or redistribute the submissions and their contents for any purpose and in any way; (iv) there is no obligation for us to review any material that you submit to us; and (v) there is no obligation to keep any such material confidential.

Resolving Disputes

These Terms and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales without regard to its conflict of law provisions. In the event of a dispute, we want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against us, you agree to try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting legal@shazam.com. We’ll try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email. If a dispute is not resolved within fifteen (15) business days of submission, you or Shazam may bring a formal proceeding.

Outside of the United States . You and we agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

In the United States . You and Shazam agree to resolve any claims relating to these Terms or the Services through final and binding arbitration, except as set forth under Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate below. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. The arbitration will be held in the United States county where you live or work, New York, NY or any other location we agree to. The AAA rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. Shazam will pay all arbitration fees for claims less than $75,000. If you receive an arbitration award that is more favorable than any offer we make to resolve the claim, we will pay you $1,000 in addition to the award. Shazam will not seek its attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous. Either you or Shazam may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in New York, NY or any United States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services, or intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above. You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed. In the event that the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you and Shazam agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the federal or state courts of New York County, NY . Both you and Shazam consent to venue and personal jurisdiction there.

back to top ↑
COOKIE POLICY
Shazam Entertainment Limited (“Shazam”, “we”, ”our” or “us”) is committed to being transparent about the technologies it uses. This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how and why they may be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit our website, mobile app, official social media sites, or other online properties (together the “sites”). It should be read together with our Privacy Policy and our Terms & Conditions.

By continuing browsing or using this site, you agree that we can store and access to cookies as described in this Cookie Policy.

1. What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites if you agree. This allows our site to recognize your device from those of other users or visitors of the site. You can find more information at http://www.allaboutcookies.org and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.

2. How do our sites use cookies
Our sites use the following cookies for the following purposes:

Cookie Type	Purpose
Strictly necessary	These cookies are necessary to allow us to operate the Shazam websites and apps as you have requested. These cookies, for example, let us recognize what type of subscriber you are and then provide you with the services to which you are entitled. They also include cookies that enable to increase the security of our sites or to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session.
Analytical / Performance	These cookies are used by us or our business partners to analyze how the Shazam sites are used and how they are performing. These cookies do not let us identify users (as all user data is aggregated). They are also used to monitor when you link from our app to one of our partner apps so that we can check what levels of traffic we are generating for our partner apps.
Functionality	These cookies let us operate certain functions of the Shazam websites and apps in line with the choices you make. These cookies mean that we can "remember" you in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remind you how you customized our services and what music you enjoyed on your last visit.
Targeting / Advertising	These cookies are used by us and our business partners to send you advertisements when using the Shazam websites and apps and to target those advertisements to you and your interests. In doing this our business partners may use the profiles they have developed of other apps and websites that you have previously visited. These cookies may also help us and our business partners regulate the advertisements you receive and measure their effectiveness. If we let our business partners place the cookies for advertising we do not give your name, email address or phone number to those business partners.
3. How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be set on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’ / ‘tool’ or ‘edit’ section or see http://www.allaboutcookies.org . Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of this site.

If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent this site from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.

For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising cookies, please see http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or http://www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.

4. Contact us
If you have any other questions about our cookie handling practices, please contact us at: Privacy Team
Shazam Entertainment Limited
26-28 Hammersmith Grove
London W6 7HA
United Kingdom

Or email us at:privacy@shazam.com

back to top ↑
ADDITIONAL TERMS THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO USERS OF SHAZAM AS OFFERED BY SPECIFIC PARTNERS
Microsoft
In the event that you have acquired the Application via Microsoft Corporation’s application stores, the Windows Store and/or Window Phone Store (“Stores”),

· you acknowledge and agree that we, and not Microsoft, are responsible for any breach or failure to deliver under these Terms, or for addressing and enforcing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application and/ or the Services; and

· you acknowledge and agree that neither Microsoft, nor your network operator or Device manufacturer has any obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application and/ or the Services.

Additionally, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary included in these Terms, when you acquire Shazam via the Stores you will be able to install the Application on up to the following number of devices that are associated with your Microsoft account:

· for the Store on Windows Phone 8.x, up to five (5) Windows Phone devices;

· for the Store on Windows 8.x operating system, up to eighty-one (81) personal Windows 8, Windows RT or successor tablets and personal computers; and

· for the Store on Windows 10, up to ten (10) Windows devices.

Apple
In the event that you are using a Device or Third Party Application provided by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”),

· you acknowledge that these Terms are concluded between you and Shazam, not Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application and content thereof;

· you acknowledge that your license is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Application on any Apple branded products that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service, except that the Application may be accessed, acquired, and used by other accounts associated with the purchaser via Family Sharing or volume purchasing;

· you agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right to (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third party beneficiary thereof;

· you acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application and/ or the Services including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation ;

· you acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim;

· you acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application and/ or the Services; and

· in the event of any failure of the Application and/ or the Services to conform to any applicable warranty, you agree to notify Apple of such failure. Upon notification Apple will refund the purchase price for the Application and/ or Services (if any) to you.

Copyright © 2018 Shazam Entertainment Limited. All rights reserved.

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE OR USING THE PRODUCT(S) OR SKYPE WEBSITES

Key Points

It is important that you read the entirety of and understand this document. There are, however, a few key points that we need to emphasise:

NO ACCESS TO EMERGENCY SERVICES: The Software is not a replacement for your ordinary mobile or fixed line telephone. In particular, apart from in the very limited circumstances set out in paragraph 5.6 of these Terms (applicable to Skype’s Internet Communications Software only), the Software does not allow you to make emergency calls to emergency services. You must make alternative communications arrangements to ensure that you can make emergency calls if needed.

CHECK RESTRICTIONS ON USE: In some countries there are restrictions on the use of the Software. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are legally allowed to use the Software where you are located.

NO OWNERSHIP OF NUMBERS: If Skype allocates to you a Skype Number (previously known as “Online Number”) or Skype To Go Number, you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever. Skype may need to change or withdraw the number allocated to you from time to time. You will not transfer or attempt to transfer your Skype Number or Skype To Go Number to anyone else. You must ensure you comply with any allocation requirements displayed when purchasing a Skype Number as failure to do so could result in the number being withdrawn. Please see also paragraph 19.1.

SKYPE CREDIT BECOMES INACTIVE AFTER 180 DAYS: If you purchase Skype Credit please be aware that it becomes inactive after 180 days of inactivity. Please see also paragraph 9.2.

ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: If you live in the USA and select Pay by Mobile (see paragraph 20), a binding arbitration clause and class action waiver affects your rights to resolve a dispute with Skype, its corporate affiliates, or other third parties including mobile phone carriers. Please read paragraph 20.3 carefully.

1. YOUR AGREEMENT WITH SKYPE

1.1 Skype’s internet communication software applications (“Internet Communications Software”), other “Skype” branded software applications (together the “Skype Software”), the “Qik” branded software applications (“Qik Software”) and associated documentation (whether in printed or electronic form) including any improvements, modifications, enhancements, fixes, updates, upgrades and future versions thereto (“Updates”) and whether made available for free or for a fee, (collectively the “Software”) are licensed (not sold) to you by Skype Software Sàrl.

1.2 The features and products that are made available through the Software for free (excluding products or features available for free on a trial basis only) (“Free Products”) are provided to you by Skype Software Sàrl.

1.3 Any additional products or features of the Skype Software or Qik Software, or other “Skype” or “Qik” branded products, that you pay for (including products or features available for free on a trial basis only) (“Paid For Products”) are provided to you by Skype Communications Sàrl.

1.4 “Skype Websites” means www.skype.com, www.qik.com (both of which are operated by Skype Communications Sàrl) and any other websites authorised by Skype which link to these Terms.

1.5 “Skype’’ means Skype Software Sàrl, 23 – 29 Rives de Clausen, L-2165 Luxembourg or Skype Communications Sàrl, 23 – 29 Rives de Clausen, L-2165 Luxembourg as the context requires;
“Products” means collectively the Free Products and Paid For Products;
“you” or “your” means you, the registered holder of the User Account (as described in paragraph 6.1) and licensee under these Terms.

1.6 Your agreement with Skype is made up of the terms and conditions set out in this document, together with any fair usage policies described in this document and Additional Terms referred to in paragraph 14 (collectively the “Terms”). To the extent of any inconsistency between the fair usage policies or any Additional Terms and this document, this document shall take precedence.

2. ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS

2.1 In order to download and/or use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites you must first accept these Terms.These Terms are accepted by you (a) when you click to accept or agree to the Terms; or (b) when you download and/or use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites. We advise you to print a copy of these Terms for your records. These Terms remain effective from the date of acceptance until terminated by you or Skype in accordance with paragraph 11.

2.2 You cannot accept these Terms if: (a) you are not lawfully entitled to use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites in the country in which you are located or reside or (b) if you are not of legal age to form a binding agreement with Skype.

2.3 In some countries the Products may be provided to you by Skype’s local partner. If so, that local partner may ask you to accept its own terms of service (“local terms”). If there is any inconsistency between those local terms and these Terms, then the local terms shall govern to the extent of that inconsistency.



3. CHANGES TO THE TERMS

3.1 Skype may make changes to these Terms from time to time. Skype will publish the changes at www.skype.com/go/tou. Changes to the fair usage policies and/or Additional Terms will be posted on the applicable Skype Website. The changes will be effective when published. Please review the Terms on a regular basis. You understand and agree that your express acceptance of the Terms or your use of the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites after the date of publication shall constitute your agreement to the updated Terms. If you do not agree with the amended Terms, you may terminate your relationship with Skype in accordance with paragraph 11 below.

4. LICENCE

4.1 Licence. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, free of charge license to download and install the Software on a personal computer, mobile phone or other device; and personally use the Software through your individual Skype or Qik user account (as applicable) (“User Account”). For the avoidance of doubt, (a) IT administrators working on behalf of a company may download and install the Skype Software onto personal computers or other devices used by personnel of such company; and (b) you are permitted to use the Software at a university or other educational institution, or at work. Skype reserves all rights not expressly granted to you under these Terms.

4.2 Restrictions. You may not and you agree not to:

(a) sub-license, sell, assign, rent, lease, export, import, distribute or transfer or otherwise grant rights to any third party in the Software;

(b) undertake, cause, permit or authorise the modification, creation of derivative works or improvements, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, decryption, emulation, hacking, discovery or attempted discovery of the source code or protocols of the Software or any part or features thereof (except to the extent permitted by law);

(c) remove, obscure or alter any copyright notices or other proprietary notices included in the Software;

(d) use the Software or cause the Software (or any part of it) to be used within or to provide commercial products or services to third parties. The foregoing shall not preclude you using the Software for your own business communications, subject to paragraph 4.1 above;

(e) other than for the purposes of download and installation, use the Software except through your User Account.

4.3 Third-Party Technology. If you are using Software pre-loaded on, embedded in, combined, distributed or used with or downloaded onto third party products, hardware, software applications, programs or devices (“Third-Party Technology”), you agree and acknowledge that: (a) you may be required to enter into a separate licence agreement with the relevant third party owner or licensor for the use of such Third-Party Technology; (b) some Products and/or functionality may not be accessible through the Third-Party Technology and (c) Skype cannot guarantee that the Software shall always be available on or in connection with such Third-Party Technology.

4.4 Third Party Notices. The Software may include third party code that Skype, not the third party, licenses to you under this agreement. Notices, if any, for the third party code are included for your information only. Third party scripts, linked to, called or referenced from the Software, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Skype.

5. USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND PRODUCTS AND SKYPE WEBSITES

5.1 Equipment: In order to use the Software and the Products you will need an Internet broadband connection. You are responsible for providing all equipment required to access the Internet or enable communications such as headsets, microphones and webcams.

5.2 Use of Your Equipment: The Internet Communications Software may use the processing capabilities, memory and bandwidth of the computer (or other applicable device) you are using, for the limited purpose of facilitating the communication and establishing the connection between Internet Communications Software users. If your use of the Internet Communications Software is dependent upon the use of a processor and bandwidth owned or controlled by a third party, you acknowledge and agree that your licence to use the Internet Communications Software is subject to you obtaining consent from the relevant third party for such use. You represent and warrant that by accepting these Terms, you have obtained such consent.

5.3 Updates to the Software: Skype may automatically check your version of the Skype Software. You may be required to enter into an updated version of these Terms to be able to download or otherwise take advantage of any Updates. Skype has no obligation to make available any Updates. However, Skype may (a) require you to download and install Updates; or (b) download and install Updates from Skype automatically from time to time unless you have chosen (through your Skype client settings) not to receive automatic Updates. Microsoft Corporation or its affiliates and subsidiaries may also automatically download updates to the Skype Software for Windows, if you have chosen to receive Microsoft Updates. These updates are required to maintain software compatibility, provide security updates or bug fixes, or offer new features, functionality or versions. You agree to receive such updates from Skype in order to continue using the Skype Software and you agree to accept such Updates subject to these Terms.

5.4 Suspension, technical improvement and maintenance: From time to time, Skype may need to perform maintenance on or upgrade the Software, Products or Skype Websites or the underlying infrastructure that enables you to use the Software, Products or Skype Websites. This may require Skype to temporarily suspend or limit your use of some or all of the Software, Products or Skype Websites until such time as this maintenance and/or upgrade can be completed. To the extent possible and unless an intervention is urgently required, Skype will publish the time and date of such suspension or limitation on the Skype Website in advance. You will not be entitled to claim damages for such suspension or limitation of the use of any Software, Product or Skype Website.

5.5 No Access to Emergency Services: Neither the Products nor the Software are intended to support or carry emergency calls to any type of hospitals, law enforcement agencies, medical care unit or any other kind of services that connect a user to emergency services personnel or public safety answering points (“Emergency Services”). There are important differences between traditional telephone services and the Products. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Skype is not required to offer access to Emergency Services under any applicable local and/or national rules, regulations or law; (ii) it is your responsibility to purchase, separately from the Products, traditional wireless (mobile) or fixed line telephone services that offer access to Emergency Services, and (iii) the Software and the Products are not a replacement for your primary telephone service. Find out more about calling 112, the dedicated emergency number for the EU at www.skype.com/go/emergency.

5.6 Limited Emergency Calling (Internet Communications Software Only and Not Applicable to the Qik Software)

5.6.1 In a very limited number of countries, and for defined Internet Communications Software versions and platforms only, Skype will try to provide limited emergency calling as a stand-alone feature but can provide no commitment in this respect. Click here for the listing of countries (“Enabled Countries”) and software versions and other platforms (“Enabled Versions”) that enable limited Skype emergency calling. Skype emergency calling is not available for any other countries, versions or platforms. You should keep traditional wireless (mobile) or fixed line telephone services available for your calls to Emergency Services and use Skype’s limited emergency calling only as an absolute last resort. In particular, please also note that:

(i) power cut, battery failure or internet connection failure can lead to a Skype call failure, including your call to Emergency Services. Additionally, any of the quality limitations set out in paragraph 5.9 below, may otherwise affect successful call connection.

(ii) where available, an emergency call made using the Internet Communications Software in an enabled country may not receive the same network priority as a call made using traditional wireless (mobile) or fixed line telephone services.

(iii) if your emergency call is connected, you will need to tell the Emergency Services operator that you speak to where you are physically located so that the correct emergency organisation can respond to your emergency and knows where to find you. If you do not provide this information when prompted, you acknowledge that your emergency call may not be completed and you will not be able to gain access to your required Emergency Services using the Internet Communications Software. Skype will have no liability for your failed emergency call in such circumstances.

(iv) other than for the Enabled Countries and Enabled Versions, Skype does not provide limited emergency calling in any country or for or in conjunction with any Products or using any platforms, devices, services or operating systems (including any products, platforms, devices, services or operating systems developed by third parties using Skype’s APIs, any of Skype’s software development kits or otherwise).

5.6.2 In Enabled Countries, you should configure the limited emergency calling functionality by setting your default location for emergency calling in the Call Settings page of your desktop Internet Communications Software (if you are using a 4.1 version for Windows (or later) or version 2.8 for Mac OS X (or later)). It is your responsibility to ensure that this location information is correct and kept up-to-date if your physical address changes. Skype does not support emergency calls in the majority of countries around the world. Where limited emergency calling is supported Skype will not charge you to make an emergency call and you do not need to have a Skype Credit balance. If however your country is not supported for limited emergency calling then you should not attempt to, and agree not to, make any emergency calls using your Internet Communications Software. If, with your permission, another user uses your User Account, it is your responsibility to inform that user of the limited circumstances in which limited emergency calling is available.

5.7 Content of Communications: Skype is not the source of, does not verify or endorse and takes no responsibility for the content of communications made using the Software. By using the Software, you agree that any content that you submit may be transmitted to the recipient of your communication. The content of communications is entirely the responsibility of the person from whom such content originated. You therefore may be exposed to content that is offensive, unlawful, harmful to minors, obscene, indecent or otherwise objectionable. The content of communications may be protected by intellectual property rights, which are owned by third parties. You are responsible for the content you choose to communicate and access using the Software. In particular, you are responsible for ensuring that you do not submit material that is (i) copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner (ii) a falsehood or misrepresentation (iii) offensive, unlawful, harmful to minors, obscene, defamatory, libellous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law, or is otherwise objectionable; (iv) an advertisement or solicitation of business; or (v) impersonating another person. Skype reserves the right (but shall have no obligation) to review content for the purpose of enforcing these Terms. Skype may in its sole discretion block, prevent delivery of or otherwise remove the content of communications as part of its effort to protect the Software, Products or its customers, or otherwise enforce these Terms. Further, Skype may in its sole discretion remove such content and/or terminate these Terms and your User Account if you use any content that is in breach of these Terms.

5.8 Notice and Take-Down If Skype receives any notification that any material that you post, upload, edit, host, share and/or publish on the Skype Website or through the Software (excluding your private communications) (“User Submission”) is inappropriate, infringes any rights of any third party, or if Skype wishes to remove your User Submission for any reason whatsoever, Skype reserves the right to automatically remove such User Submission for any reason immediately or within such other timescales as may be decided from time to time by Skype in its sole discretion. The User Submission shall be taken down without any admission as to liability and without prejudice to any rights, remedies or defenses, all of which are expressly reserved. You acknowledge and agree that Skype is under no obligation to put back such User Submission at any time. If User Submissions infringe, or if you believe that User Submissions infringe any of your rights (including intellectual property rights) or are unlawful, please contact us immediately by following our notice and takedown procedure. Click here to view the Notice and Takedown Procedure. Skype reserves the right to ask for verification of your identity and to seek further information to verify your complaint. You agree that you are solely responsible for the consequences resulting from your complaint (including but not limited to removal or blocking of the User Submission) and you acknowledge and agree that any complaint may be used in court proceedings. Any false, misleading or inaccurate information provided by you may result in civil and criminal liability.

5.9 Quality: Skype cannot guarantee that the Software, Products or Skype Websites will always function without disruptions, delay or errors. A number of factors may impact the quality of your communications and use of the Software, Products (depending on the Products used) or Skype Websites, and may result in the failure of your communications including but not limited to: your local network, firewall, your internet service provider, the public internet, the public switched telephone network and your power supply. Skype takes no responsibility for any disruption, interruption or delay caused by any failure of or inadequacy in any of these items or any other items over which we have no control.

5.10 Changes to Products: Skype is constantly improving the Software and Products and may also need to change technical features from time to time in order to comply with applicable regulations. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that the Products and functionality of the Software may vary from time to time. Technical requirements for use of Products and Software and feature descriptions are available on the Skype Website. If you do not agree with any changes to Software and Products you may terminate your relationship with Skype in accordance with paragraph 11. You may need to upgrade to a new version in order to enjoy the benefit of certain Products. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that certain Products may be subject to usage limits or geographical restrictions, which may vary from time to time. Please check the Skype Website for details of the most up-to-date usage restrictions that apply to the Products that you are using.

5.11 Unsolicited Ideas Skype does not consider or accept unsolicited proposals or ideas, including without limitation ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements (“Unsolicited Feedback”). If you send any Unsolicited Feedback to Skype through the Skype Website or otherwise, you acknowledge and agree that Skype shall not be under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Unsolicited Feedback.

5.12 Reports Certain parts of the Skype Websites or the Software may ask for written suggestions or problem reports such as using our contact form or problem report form (“Reports”). Please read carefully any specific terms, which govern those Reports. The Reports shall be deemed the property of Skype. Skype shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to the Reports throughout the universe in perpetuity and shall be entitled to use the Reports for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Reports. Any Reports you send to Skype will not be treated as confidential and Skype shall not be liable for any disclosure of the Reports.

5.13 Linking You may link to the Skype Website from another website owned by you, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement by Skype where none exists. You may not frame the Site on any other site. Skype provides a Qik branded embeddable flash player feature which you may incorporate into your own personal, non-commercial website for use in accessing the materials on the Qik branded Skype Website. Skype may revoke the permission to link to the Skype Websites at any time at its sole discretion and will notify you in this respect.

6. YOUR OBLIGATIONS

6.1 User Account. Prior to your first use of the Skype Software and your first use of the Qik Software, you will be asked to create a User Account and choose a user ID and password. We recommend that you choose a password that is hard to guess and consists of letters, numbers and symbols. You may only use the Software through your User Account. You are solely responsible and liable for all activities conducted through your User Account. To prevent unauthorised use, you shall keep your password confidential and shall not share it with any third party or use it to access third party websites or services. If you suspect that someone else knows your password, then you shall immediately change it in order to protect the security of your User Account. It is your responsibility to ensure that you do not respond to any unsolicited requests for credit card details, passwords or other data. Skype takes no responsibility for your failure to comply with the obligations in this paragraph 6.1.

6.2 Lawful Use: You must use the Software, Products and Skype Websites in accordance with the laws of where you are located. In some countries there are restrictions on the download and use of the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are legally allowed to use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites where you are located.

6.3 Prohibited Use: You may not:

(a) intercept or monitor, damage or modify any communication which is not intended for you;

(b) use any type of spider, virus, worm, trojan-horse, time bomb or any other codes or instructions that are designed to distort, delete, damage, emulate or disassemble the Software, Products, Skype Websites, communication or protocols;

(c) send unsolicited communications (also referred to as “SPAM”, “SPIM” or “SPIT”) or any communication not permitted by applicable law or use the Software, Products or Skype Websites for the purposes of phishing or pharming or impersonating or misrepresenting affiliation with another person or entity;

(d) expose any third party to material which is offensive, harmful to minors, indecent or otherwise objectionable in any way;

(e) use the Software, Products or Skype Websites to cause or intend to cause embarrassment or distress to, or to threaten, harass or invade the privacy of, any third party; or

(f) use (including as part of your User ID and/or profile picture) any material or content that is subject to any third party proprietary rights, unless you have a licence or permission from the owner of such rights; or

(g) collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Software, Products or Skype Websites;

(h) impact or attempt to impact the availability of the Software, Products or Skype Websites for example, with a denial of service (DOS) or distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack;

(i) use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, robots, spiders or offline readers that access the Software, Products or Skype Websites. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that Skype grants to the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Skype Website for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Skype reserves the right to revoke these exceptions at any time.

6.4 User Submissions Please exercise respect when participating in any features of the Skype Websites or Software such as Forums, Blogs, email functions, video hosting, sharing and/or publishing or any other function on the Skype Websites or of the Skype Software which allows you to post, upload, edit, host, share and/or publish content. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) by using the Skype Websites and/or Software you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive or indecent and you do so at your own risk; (ii) you are solely responsible for, and Skype has no responsibility to you or any third party for any User Submissions that you create, submit, post or publish on the Skype Websites or through the Software; (iii) Skype does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to User Submissions, whether or not they are published (iv) Skype is not responsible for any User Submissions that you may have access to through your use of the Skype Websites or Software and all User Submissions are the responsibility of the person from whom such User Submissions originated. Skype does not endorse any User Submissions or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions.

In connection with your User Submissions, you represent and warrant that you

(i) own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorise Skype to use all copyrights, trade marks, trade secrets, patents and other intellectual property or proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions in accordance with these Terms; and

(ii) you have the written consent, release and /or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name and/or likeness of each and every such individual in the User Submission, to enable inclusion and use thereof in the manner contemplated by these Terms. You shall not copy, post or use text, photos, pictures, music, sounds, images or any other content from any third party or source (“Third Party Content”) without specific permission from the owner. Such Third Party Content may be protected by intellectual property laws and the owners of the intellectual property rights in such content may object to its use. You must not use any Third Party Content without first obtaining the permission of the owner of the intellectual property rights in such content.

Notwithstanding any rights or obligations governed by the Additional Terms (as defined below) if, at any time you choose to upload or post User Submissions to the Skype Websites or through the Software (excluding Reports and excluding the content of your communications) you automatically grant Skype a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual, sub-licensable and transferable license of all rights to use, edit, modify, include, incorporate, adapt, record, publicly perform, display, transmit and reproduce the User Submissions including, without limitation, all trade marks associated therewith, in connection with the Skype Websites and Skype’s Software and Products including for the purpose of promoting or redistributing part or all of the Skype Websites and/or the Software or Products, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised. You also hereby grant each user of the Skype Website and/or Skype’s Software or Products a non-exclusive license to access your User Submission through the Skype Website and/or Software or Products and to use, copy, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform and transmit such User Submissions solely as permitted through the functionality of the Skype Websites and/or Software or Products and pursuant to these Terms of Use. In addition, you waive any so-called “moral rights” in and to the User Submissions, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

You may not submit or publish through the Skype Website or Software any User Submissions that are libelous, defamatory, pornographic, harassing, hateful, an invasion of privacy, obscene, abusive, illegal, racist, offensive, harmful to a minor or an infringement of any intellectual property rights or a trade secret of a third party, or would otherwise violate the rights of any third party or give rise to civil or criminal liability. Furthermore, you may not submit or publish User Submissions that contain falsehoods or misrepresentations, solicit funds or services, contain advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters or any form of solicitation, impersonate others or include programs that contain viruses or any other programs designed to impair the functionality of any computer. You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Skype Website or Software with respect to their User Submissions. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with the security related features of the Skype Website or Software or features that prevent or restrict the use of any content thereof.

6.5 Your Information: From time to time, Skype may request information from you for the purpose of supplying the Software or Products to you. You shall ensure that any such information is complete, up-to-date and accurate.

6.6 No Reselling. The Software and Products are for your individual use. You shall not resell or commercialise the Software and/or Products to any third party.

6.7 Export Restrictions: The Software may be subject to international rules that govern the export of software. You shall comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software as well as end-user, end-use, destination restrictions issued by national governments or similar bodies, and restrictions on embargoed nations. In the US the Internet Communications Software is controlled under ECCN 5D992 of the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) under Encryption Registration Number (“ERN”) R100351 and thus may not be exported or re exported from the US to or downloaded by any person in any countries controlled for anti terrorism reasons under the EAR, which include Iran, North Korea, Cuba, Syria and Sudan. Moreover, the Internet Communications Software may not be exported or re exported from the US to or downloaded by any person or entity subject to US sanctions regardless of location. See www.bis.doc.gov/ComplianceAndEnforcement/ListsToCheck.htm and EAR Part 736. Skype is making the Software available to you for download only on the condition that you certify that you are not such a person or entity and that the download is not otherwise in violation of US export control and sanctions regulations.

7. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

7.1 The Software, Products and Skype Websites contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by intellectual property laws and treaties.

7.2 The content and compilation of content included on the Skype Websites, (excluding User Submissions) such as sounds, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and software, are the property of Skype, its affiliates or licensors and are protected by United States and international copyright laws. Such copyright protected content cannot be reproduced without Skype’s express permission. You may download and make personal, non-commercial use of User Submissions on www.qik.com that are displayed with a “download” or similar link. Skype reserves all rights not expressly granted in the Skype Websites.

7.3 Skype and/or its licensors retain exclusive ownership of the Software, Products and Skype Websites and all intellectual property therein (whether or not registered and anywhere in the world). You will not take any action to jeopardise, limit or interfere with Skype’s intellectual property rights in the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites.

7.4 “Skype”, associated trademarks and logos and the “S” logo are trademarks of Skype. Skype has registered and filed applications to register its trademarks in many countries worldwide. Skype’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Skype’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Skype. All other trademarks not owned by Skype or any of its related companies that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners. You are not permitted to and shall not register or use any trade name, trademark, logo, domain name or any other name or sign that incorporates any of Skype’s intellectual property (in whole or part) or that is confusingly similar thereto. Please also see Skype’s Trademark Guidelines for further details on use of its marks.

8. CHARGES

8.1 Calling phones and premium rate numbers with Skype Credit:

(i) Calling landlines and mobiles: The charges payable for calling phones (outside of a subscription) consist of a connection fee (charged once, per call) and a per-minute rate as set out on www.skype.com/go/allrates. All calls will be disconnected and require a re-dial after a 4-hour duration and an additional connection fee will be charged on re-dial.

(ii) Premium rate numbers: The charges payable for calling premium rate numbers consist of a per-minute rate available at www.skype.com/go/rates-premium. No connection fee is payable.

(iii) Skype may change the rates for calling phones and premium rate numbers at any time without notice to you by posting such change at www.skype.com/go/allrates. The new rate will apply to your next purchase after the new rates have been published. Please check the latest rates before you make your call. If you do not accept the new rates, do not make your call.

(iv) The duration of a call shall be based on one-minute increments. Fractions of minutes will be rounded up to the next minute. The connection fee, where applicable, will be charged at the beginning of the call. At the end of a call, fractional cent charges will be rounded up to the nearest whole cent, for example a total call price of €0.034 will be rounded up to €0.04. During the call, charges incurred will be deducted automatically from the Skype Credit balance in your User Account.

8.2 Charges for other Paid For Products: The charges for other Paid For Products will be confirmed to you before you complete a purchase from Skype. Skype may change the charges payable for the purchase of such Products at any time without any notice to you. You can choose whether or not to accept the new charges prior to completing your next purchase of the applicable Product. The new charges will apply to your next purchase after the new charges have been published.

8.3 Promotional Offers: From time to time, Skype may offer Paid-For Products for free for a trial period. Skype reserves the right to charge you for such Products (at the normal rate) in the event that Skype determines (in its reasonable discretion) that you are abusing the terms of the offer, including if you are using any service, proxy or other devices or anonymous IP address that prevents us from locating you.

8.4 Tax: Skype may collect VAT or other indirect taxes at the appropriate rate (as per applicable tax rules) at the time of purchase of Skype Credit. 15% Luxembourg VAT generally applies if you are located in the EU and the Products are purchased and used in the EU. 8% Swiss VAT applies if you are located in Switzerland. Other local taxes may apply in certain countries. When you purchase a voucher or pre-paid card, depending on the country, 15% Luxembourg VAT, local VAT or other taxes may apply and may be deducted from the value of the voucher or prepaid card upon redemption. You explicitly waive any right to VAT reimbursement from Skype if the amount of VAT ultimately payable by the latter to the tax authorities would for any reason be lower than the amount of VAT collected from you at the time of purchase. Your Skype Credit balance is displayed exclusive of any such taxes. The territories in the EU set out below are outside the scope of EU VAT under Council Directive 2006/112/EC on the common system of VAT, as amended. The Skype Website does not enable users in such territories to take advantage of this VAT exemption and we therefore do not provide the Products in such territories: Mount Athos, Canary Islands, French Overseas Departments, Aland Islands, Channel Islands, Heligoland Island, Büsingen / Buesingen Territory, Ceuta, Melilla, Livigno, Campione d'Italia and Italian Waters of Lake Lugano.

8.5 Third-Party Charges: Using the Software on mobile applications will use some of the data allowance available on the data package to which you have subscribed with your mobile network operator. Out-of-country usage may lead to significantly higher costs than regular usage, and you are solely responsible for keeping yourself informed and paying for possible roaming and other applicable charges levied by your mobile network operator.

9. PAYMENT

9.1 Skype Credit. You can pay for select Paid-For Products using Skype Credit. You can purchase Skype Credit using any payment method made available to you by Skype from time to time. The Skype Credit that you purchase will be credited to your User Account at the time of purchase (or if you are using a Skype Credit voucher, at the time you redeem that voucher).

9.2 Inactive Skype Credit. If you do not use your Skype Credit for a period of 180 days, (including Skype Credit that has been allocated to you by a Skype Manager administrator) Skype will place your Skype Credit on inactive status. You can reactivate the Skype Credit by following the reactivation link in My Account at https://secure.skype.com/account/credit-reactivate. Reactivated Skype Credit is not refundable. If you are located in Japan and you buy Skype Credit from the Skype Website, this paragraph does not apply to you and your Skype Credit shall expire 6 months from the date of purchase. You are not permitted to use any Skype Credit on or after the date of its expiry.

9.3 Other payment methods. Skype does not guarantee that you will be able to use your Skype Credit balance to purchase all Products. Where Skype Credit cannot be used to pay for a Product, Skype will make another payment method available to you. Skype reserves the right to remove or amend the available payment methods at its sole discretion.

9.4 Recurring Payments. Where you purchase Products on a subscription basis (monthly, every 3 months or annually (as applicable)), you acknowledge and agree that this is a recurring payment and payments shall be made to Skype by the method you have chosen at the recurring intervals chosen by you, until the subscription for that Product is terminated by you or by Skype.

9.5 Auto-Recharge.

(a) The Auto-Recharge feature will be automatically enabled when you buy Skype Credit, unless you untick the appropriate box. Your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by the same payment method chosen when you first sign up for Auto-Recharge, unless you subsequently change the amount by accessing your User Account. For example, if you purchase 10 Euros of Skype Credit with your credit card, the recharge amount charged to your credit card will also be 10 Euros of Skype Credit. In future the same amount will be charged to your credit card every time your Skype account balance goes below the threshold set by Skype from time to time. If you do not want to enable Auto-Recharge, please untick the box.

(b) If you purchased a subscription with a payment method other than credit card, PayPal or Moneybookers (Skrill), and you have enabled Auto-Recharge, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the amount necessary to purchase your next recurring subscription.

(c) You can disable Auto-Recharge at any time by accessing your User Account.

10. REFUND POLICY

10.1 When you purchase Paid-For-Products directly from Skype you will be entitled to a cancellation period of fifteen (15) days (a “Cooling-Off Period”) unless you have made use of the Paid-For-Products in any way, in which case the Cooling-Off Period will be extinguished and your purchase cannot be cancelled or refunded.

10.2 Outside of the Cooling-Off Period, only subscriptions are refundable unless used or expired.

10.3 Expenditure of Skype Credit, allocation of a Skype Number, or use of any aspect of a subscription amounts to “use” of a Paid-For-Product. You hereby expressly agree that Skype Numbers may be allocated before the end of the Cooling-Off Period.

10.4 The Cooling-Off Period and refunds do not apply to Paid-For-Products that are (i) purchased via a third party partner of Skype (please contact the partner directly, who may decide in its sole discretion whether or not to pay a refund), (ii) not directly acquired online from Skype (e.g. vouchers or pre-paid cards) (iii) paid for in cash using third party payment methods (such as a cash payment wallet) and (iv) paid for and allocated to your Skype Account by a Skype Manager administrator. They also do not apply to Membership of Skype Developer.

10.5 If you believe that Skype has charged you in error, you must contact Skype within 90 days of such charge. No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old.

10.6 Skype reserves the right to refuse a refund request if it reasonably believes (i) that you are trying to unfairly exploit this refund policy, for example, by making repetitive refund requests in respect of the same Product; (ii) if you are in breach of these Terms or (iii) if Skype reasonably suspects that you are using our Products or Software fraudulently or that your User Account is being used by a third party fraudulently.

10.7 This refund policy does not affect your statutory rights.

11. ENDING YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SKYPE

11.1 You may terminate your relationship with Skype at any time and without recourse to the courts by requesting closure of your User Account, ceasing to use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites and cancelling any recurring payments.

11.2 Skype may terminate its relationship with you, or may terminate or suspend your use of the Software, User Account(s), Products or Skype Websites at any time and without recourse to the courts: (a) if you are in breach of these Terms; (b) if Skype reasonably suspects that you are using the Software, the Products and/or Skype Websites to break the law or infringe third party rights; (c) if Skype reasonably suspects that you are trying to unfairly exploit or misuse the refund policy, or any of our policies; (d) if Skype reasonably suspects that you are using our Products, Software and/or Skype Websites fraudulently or that your User Account is being used by a third party fraudulently; (e) if you have purchased Skype Credit from an unauthorised reseller; (f) in respect of a particular Product, on thirty (30) days notice if Skype decides to cease offering that Product; (g) immediately, if required due to a change in laws/regulation by a regulator or authority with a lawful mandate, or by any of Skype’s partners; (h) on thirty (30) days notice if Skype decides to cease offering the Software to users in your jurisdiction generally.

11.3 Skype shall effect such termination by preventing your access to your User Account, the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites (as applicable). We reserve the right to cancel User Accounts that have been inactive for more than one (1) year.

11.4 Consequences of Termination: Upon termination of your relationship with Skype: (a) all licenses and rights to use the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites shall immediately terminate; (b) you will immediately cease any and all use of the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites; and (c) you will immediately remove the Software from all hard drives, networks and other storage media and destroy all copies of the Software in your possession or under your control.

12. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY

12.1 For the purposes of this paragraph 12, "Skype" includes its subsidiary companies and affiliated legal entities and all their directors, officers, agents, licensors and employees.

12.2 No Warranties: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: THE SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SKYPE WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND USED AT YOUR SOLE RISK WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER; SKYPE DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, CLAIMS OR REPRESENTATIONS AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR USE FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SKYPE FURTHER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE AND ERROR-FREE OR WILL OPERATE WITHOUT PACKET LOSS, NOR DOES SKYPE WARRANT ANY CONNECTION TO OR TRANSMISSION FROM THE INTERNET, OR ANY QUALITY OF CALLS MADE THROUGH THE SOFTWARE.

12.3 Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or restrict Skype's liability for (a) death or personal injury, (b) loss resulting from Skype's wilful default or gross negligence, (c) fraud or deliberate misrepresentation, or (d) any liability which cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law.

12.4 No Liability: YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT SKYPE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES HAS BEEN NOTIFIED TO SKYPE, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF SKYPE WEBSITES, OR THE INTERNET COMMUNICATIONS SOFTWARE OR OTHER SOFTWARE THAT IS PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE. YOUR ONLY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH SUCH SOFTWARE AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES IS TO IMMEDIATELY DEINSTALL SUCH SOFTWARE AND CEASE USE OF SUCH SOFTWARE AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES.

12.5 Limitation of Liability: Subject to paragraphs 12.3 and 12.4 above, Skype shall not be liable to you, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or any other theory of liability, and whether or not the possibility of such damages or losses has been notified to Skype, for: (a) any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages; or (b) any loss of income, business, actual or anticipated profits, opportunity, goodwill or reputation (whether direct or indirect); or (c) any damage to or corruption of data (whether direct or indirect); (d) any claim, damage or loss (whether direct or indirect ) arising from or relating to: (i) your inability to use the Software to contact Emergency Services; (ii) your failure to make additional arrangements to access Emergency Services in accordance with paragraph 5.5 above; (iii)the service limitations set out in paragraph 5.6; (iv)your failure to provide accurate physical location information to an Emergency Services operative; or (v)conduct of third party Emergency Services operatives and calling centres to which you may be connected. (e) any claim, damage or loss (whether direct or indirect) arising from or relating to: (i) any product or service provided by a third party under their own terms of service, including without limitation, Skype WiFi; (ii) any Third Party Technology; (iii) any third party website.

12.6 Subject to paragraphs 12.3 - 12.5 above, Skype’s total liability to you under or in connection with these Terms (whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or any other theory of liability)) SHALL NOT EXCEED IN AGGREGATE THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE PRODUCTS IN THE 12 MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE RELEVANT CLAIM, SUBJECT TO A MAXIMUM OF FIVE THOUSAND EUROS IN ALL CASES.

12.7 If any third party brings a claim against Skype in connection with, or arising out of (i) your breach of these Terms; (ii) your breach of any applicable law of regulation; (iii) your infringement or violation of the rights of any third parties (including intellectual property rights); (iv) your User Submissions or (v) your complaint in relation to any User Submission, you will indemnify and hold Skype harmless from and against all damages, liability, loss, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and costs) related to such claim.

13. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

13.1 Third parties may offer products or services via the Software and/or Skype Websites, including games, applications, images, ring tones, or avatars. Whilst Skype takes no responsibility for such products or services, if you encounter any problems with payment for or download, use of installation of such products or services, Skype will use commercially reasonable endeavours to assist or resolve the problems. The third party products or services may be subject to the third party provider’s own terms and privacy policy that you may have to accept upon download or installation. You should review such terms before making any purchase or using any third party product or service and Skype shall not be responsible for your failure to do so.

13.2 You acknowledge and agree that any third-party product information and pricing that is shown on the Skype Websites regarding third-party products and services is given to Skype by the applicable third-party merchant (“Merchant”). The Merchant has the ability to change its pricing or terminate its product availability at anytime. Skype is not involved in any transactions between you and any Merchant whose products and/or services are listed on the Skype Websites. Skype does not control, is not responsible for and does not guarantee: (i) the pricing, quality, performance, availability or terms and conditions of purchase of products or services provided by the Merchant; (ii) any payment transactions, delivery, returns or after sales activities related to the products or services purchased on the Merchants’ websites; (iii) the availability of the Merchant’s websites; (iv) the completeness, truth or accuracy of any advertising or other materials on, or available from, the Merchants’ websites, nor any listing or other content about such products and services displayed on the Skype Websites; (v) links to the Merchants’ websites that are featured on the Skype Websites. Any questions, complaints, or claims related to any product or service provided by a Merchant should be directed to the applicable Merchant.

13.3 The Software and Skype Websites may include hyperlinks to other third party websites. Skype is not responsible for such third party websites or the availability of such websites and does not endorse any content or material on such third party websites. Your use of each of these third party websites is subject to the terms and conditions posted on the applicable website.

14. ADDITIONAL TERMS

14.1 The Skype Etiquette provides guidelines on how to use Skype and how to treat the other members of Skype’s community properly and respectfully. Please read these guidelines carefully which form part of the Terms.

14.2 If you want to use the Internet Communications Software in connection with any Broadcast, you must comply with the Broadcast TOS at http://www.skype.com/legal/broadcast

14.3 Software Development Kits and APIs. Software development kits provided through Skype Developer on the Skype Website (including “SkypeKit”) and the use of any application program interface (“API”) exposed or made available by Skype are subject to their own licensing terms in which case such licensing terms will govern your use of that software. If you use any such software development kit or API (as applicable) you agree that you have read and will comply with the applicable licensing terms, which are available on http://developer.skype.com/.

14.4 Qik Free and Open Source Software Notice is incorporated herein by reference.

15. YOUR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND YOUR PRIVACY

Skype is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information. We will process your personal information, the traffic data and the content of your communication(s) in accordance with our Privacy Policy: http://www.skype.com/go/privacy.

16. FOR GOVERNMENT USERS ONLY

The Software and Documentation are “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” respectively, as such terms are used in United States Federal Acquisition Regulations paragraph 12.212. Any use, duplication or disclosure of the Software or the Documentation by or on behalf of the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in this Agreement.

17. HOW TO CONTACT SKYPE

17.1 To contact Skype in relation to the Skype Software or “Skype” branded Products, please submit a support request to support.skype.com.

17.2 To contact Skype in relation to the Qik Software or “Qik” branded Products, please submit a support request to support.qik.com.

17.3 If you contact Skype by any means other than as set out in paragraphs 17.1 or 17.2, your request may not be acknowledged.

18. MISCELLANEOUS

18.1 You agree to the use of electronic communication in order to enter into contracts, place orders, and create other records and to the electronic delivery of notices, policies and changes thereto and records of transactions with Skype.

18.2 For your convenience, Skype may provide you with a translation of the English language version of these Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between a non-English version of these Terms and the English version, the English version shall govern your relationship with Skype.

18.3 These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Skype with respect to your use of the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites and replace any prior agreements between you and Skype with respect to the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites.

18.4 If any provision of these Terms (or part of it), is found by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction or an arbitrator to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then such provision (or part of it) shall be removed from the Terms without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of the Terms. Paragraph 20.3(i) says what happens if parts of paragraph 20.3 (arbitration and class action waiver) are found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable. Paragraph 20.3(i) prevails over this paragraph if inconsistent with it.

18.5 The failure by Skype to exercise, or delay in exercising, a legal right or remedy provided by these Terms or by law shall not constitute a waiver of Skype’s right or remedy. If Skype waives a breach of these Terms, this shall not operate as a waiver of a subsequent breach of the Terms.

18.6 You may not assign these Terms or any rights or obligations contained in them. Skype may, without prior notice, assign these Terms or any rights or obligations contained in them to any third party.

18.7 This paragraph 18, along with paragraphs, 4.2, 12, 20.3 and any other provisions, which are expressed or clearly intended to survive or operate in the event of termination, shall survive termination of the Terms.

18.8 You acknowledge and agree that if Skype is unable to provide the Software, Products and/or Skype Websites as a result of a force majeure event, Skype will not be in breach of any of its obligations towards you under these Terms. A force majeure event means any event beyond the control of Skype.

18.9 These Terms other than paragraph 20.3 shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Luxembourg and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the district of Luxembourg. Paragraph 20.3 is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act.

18.10 AVC/H.264 NOTICE: If the Software is used to make video calls (i) between a personal computer and a device that is not a personal computer or (ii) between devices that are not personal computers, the AVC/H.264 codec may be used to facilitate video functionality in which case the following notice applies: THE AVC VIDEO FUNCTIONALITY IN THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD (“AVC VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE www.mpegla.com.

19. PRODUCT SPECIFIC TERMS

19.1 Skype Numbers (previously known as “Online Numbers”) and Skype To Go numbers

(a) Availability and use. Where we provide you with a Skype Number or Skype To Go number, you agree that:

(i) you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever;

(ii) the number provided to you is subject to applicable numbering rules and regulatory practices;

(iii) you will comply on an ongoing basis with any specific number allocation requirements that we make you aware of, or any reasonable instructions that Skype or Skype’s partners may give to you with regard to the use of the numbers and the Products;

(iv) you will not transfer or attempt to transfer your number to any third party. In particular, you are responsible for compliance with any requirements related to residency and or location; and

(v) you will supply accurate, complete and up-to-date information to us where we request it and inform us where such information changes. Skype reserves the right to change the terms related to Skype Numbers and/or Skype To Go numbers, including without limitation to impose or amend any residency requirements and/or require the provision of further user information for continued access to such numbers. In certain countries, a number may be made available to you by a Skype partner rather than Skype, and you may need to enter into a separate agreement with such partner.

(b) Other changes to numbers. If Skype needs to withdraw or change the number that has been made available to you, Skype will use commercially reasonable endeavours to notify you by e-mail, stating the effective date of the change and where possible, your new number. If you do not wish to accept this new number, you are entitled to terminate your number.

19.2 User Account on Skype Manager

(a) You are not permitted to belong to more than one Skype Manager at the same time.

(b) Any Skype Number purchased before 21 July 2009 and allocated to you by a Skype Manager administrator shall be taken back by the administrator of the Skype Manager, if you leave the Skype Manager account for any reason. The right to use the number and the cancellation of such right rest with the Skype Manager administrator at his/her sole discretion and not you.

(c) Personal and traffic data – Members. As a member of a Skype Manager account you acknowledge and agree that the administrator of the Skype Manager may, if you agree, view detailed information about the activity on your User Account including the time, date, duration and destination number of calls and SMS made and details of your purchases and downloads. You can withdraw your agreement at any time by changing the settings on your User Account. If you provide personal data including your name and job title to be included on the Skype Manager directory, you acknowledge that other members of that Skype Manager may view such data.

19.3 Subscriptions

(a) Fair Usage Policy. At Skype, we want all of our customers to get the best calling plans, known as ‘subscriptions’, at the lowest possible price. This Fair Usage Policy ("FUP") is designed to prevent fraud and abuse of our subscriptions by a small number of users.

Subject to this FUP, Skype’s unlimited subscriptions allow unlimited calls to landlines in the applicable subscription countries (excluding special, premium, service and non-geographic numbers). Unlimited calls to mobiles may also be included where stated at the time of purchase. All calls will be disconnected and require a re-dial after a 2-hour duration.

Skype’s subscriptions are for individual use only (personal or business communications) in accordance with our Terms of Use and this FUP (“Legitimate Use”). The following is a non-exhaustive list of practices that would not be considered Legitimate Use:

(i) Using subscriptions for telemarketing or call centre operations;

(ii) Re-selling subscription minutes;

(iii) Sharing subscriptions between users whether via a PBX, call centre, computer or any other means;

(iv) Calling numbers (whether singly, sequentially or automatically) to generate income for yourself or others as a result of merely placing the call, other than for your individual business communications (and subject to paragraph 4.1 of the Terms of Use); and

(v) Unusual calling patterns inconsistent with normal, individual subscription use, for example, regular calls of short duration or calls to multiple numbers in a short period of time.

Other practices may be relevant in determining Legitimate Use and Skype reserves the right to take any unlawful, prohibited, abnormal or unusual activity into account in making its determination. Skype may at its option, terminate its relationship with you, or may suspend your subscription immediately if it determines you are using your subscription contrary to this FUP or Skype’s Terms of Use. Where reasonable, Skype will provide you with notice of improper usage before suspension or termination of your subscription and, if appropriate, Skype may offer you an alternative subscription.

(b) Skype reserves the right to withdraw or change the subscriptions at any time. If Skype changes the Products included in your subscription, Skype will notify you by email stating the changes and their effective date. If you do not wish to accept these changes, you are entitled to terminate your subscription, with effect from the date on which the changes are due to take effect.

(c) The “Unlimited World Extra” subscription has a minimum fixed term of 2 years from the date of purchase. You are not permitted to terminate it before the expiry of the 2-year minimum term except in case of breach by Skype of the Terms. This subscription is billed monthly as a recurring payment.

19.4 Skype WiFi

Skype WiFi is provided by one of Skype’s WiFi partners. Your use of Skype WiFi is subject to that partner’s terms of service. Before you start a Skype WiFi session at a specific WiFi hotspot, you will be notified of the identity of the WiFi provider and their terms of service. You will have to read their terms of service, which you agree to be subject to by proceeding with the Skype WiFi session. You can pay for Skype WiFi using your Skype Credit balance, and your use of Skype Credit is subject to these Terms of Service.

19.5 SMS

Each SMS message has a limit of 160 characters. If you type a longer message it will be broken down into several SMS messages and you will be charged for each message sent. If you send SMS messages to more than one person you will be charged for each SMS sent to each recipient. If Skype cannot (for whatever reason) send your SMS, Skype will continue to try and send the message for up to 24 hours after which time the SMS charge will be refunded to your Skype Credit balance automatically if delivery is unsuccessful.

19.6 Group Video Calling

(a) A fair usage policy applies at www.skype.com/go/terms.gvc.fairusage and is incorporated herein by reference. Skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time. Changes shall become effective when published on the Skype Website. Your continued use of a Skype Premium Subscription after publication on the Skype Website shall constitute your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised fair usage policy.

(b) Number of Participants. The number of permitted participants on a group video call varies from 3 to a maximum of 10, subject to system requirements. You can find more details at www.skype.com/go/skypepremium.

(c) Audio Conversion. If a Skype Premium Subscription or Day Pass expires during a group video call, or it has exceeded the fair usage limit, or the owner of the Skype Premium Subscription leaves the call (and there is no other participant on the call who owns a Skype Premium Subscription), then the call will convert from video to audio.

(d) Software Versions. If a participant of a group video call is not on a version of Internet Communications Software that supports group video calls, then the call will be an audio call only for that participant. For details of the system requirements for group video calling, please see www.skype.com/go/skypepremium.requirements.

(e) Live chat. Live chat customer support is available as part of the Skype Premium Subscription. This support is available 24 hours a day, every day, and only in English.

19.7 Qik Premium Fair Usage Policy

Qik Premium is subject to a fair usage policy of 15GB of video storage per user per month and each video can be no more than 90 minutes in duration. Once these limits have been reached you cannot upload any new videos in that month or continue recording beyond the 90-minute mark.

Skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time. Changes shall become effective when published on the Skype Website. Your continued use of Qik Premium after publication on the Skype Website shall constitute your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised fair usage policy.

19.8 Skype Video Messaging (“Video Messaging”)

If you are not a Skype Premium subscriber, the number of Video Messages you can send are limited and will be subject to an expiry date.

Fair Use Policy: This FUP is designed to prevent fraud and abuse of Video Messaging. Video Messaging is for personal, individual and non-commercial use only, and to be in accordance with these Terms at all times (“Legitimate Use”). Skype reserves the right to take any unlawful, prohibited, abnormal or unusual activity into account in making its determination as to whether your activity does not constitute Legitimate Use. Skype may in its option, terminate its relationship with you, or suspend your account immediately if it determines you are using Video Messaging contrary to this FUP or these Terms.

20. PAY BY MOBILE

20.1 This section applies if you select a third-party payment system that enables you to pay for Skype Credit and certain Paid for Products via your mobile phone bill where applicable (“Pay by Mobile”).

20.2 By selecting or using Pay by Mobile:

(a) You authorise your mobile phone carrier to charge appropriate fees directly to your mobile phone bill; and

(b) You represent that you are the person or entity responsible for the mobile phone account associated with the mobile number you provide when using Pay by Mobile, or are authorised by that person or entity to incur such charges.

20.3 BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER FOR UNITED STATES ACCOUNTS. If you select Pay by Mobile and your mobile phone account is registered with a mobile phone carrier in the USA or you reside in the USA, the following additional terms apply:

(a) Paragraph 20.3 applies to any dispute arising between you and either Skype or any third party including mobile phone carriers and Skype’s corporate affiliates (collectively, “Disputed Party” or “Disputed Parties”) relating to your use of Pay by Mobile, EXCEPT IT DOES NOT INCLUDE A DISPUTE RELATING TO THE ENFORCEMENT OR VALIDITY OF YOUR, SKYPE’S, OR EITHER OF OUR LICENSORS’ INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. Dispute, for purposes of paragraph 20.3, means any dispute, action, or other controversy whether in contract, warranty, tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis. Dispute will be given the broadest possible meaning allowable under law.

(b) In the event of a dispute, you must provide Skype or other Disputed Party with a Notice of Dispute, which is a written statement of the name, address and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and the relief requested. You must send any Notice of Dispute to Skype or its corporate affiliate at ATTN: Legal Department, Microsoft Corporation One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052-7329. and to any other Disputed Party at its principal place of business in the USA, marked ATTN: Legal Department. The Disputed Party will send any Notice of Dispute to your address if it has it, or otherwise to your e-mail address on file. You and the Disputed Party will attempt to resolve any dispute through informal negotiation within 60 days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent, after which you or the Disputed Party may commence arbitration.

(c) You may also litigate any dispute in a small claims court in your county of residence, if the dispute meets all requirements to be heard in the small claims court. You may litigate in a small claims court whether or not you negotiated informally first.

(d) Binding Arbitration. If you and a Disputed Party do not resolve any dispute by informal negotiation or in small claims court, any other effort to resolve the dispute will be conducted exclusively by binding arbitration governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”). You are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) all disputes in court before a judge or jury. Instead, all disputes will be resolved before a neutral arbitrator, whose decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the FAA. Any court with jurisdiction over the parties may enforce the arbitrator’s award.

(e) Class Action Waiver. Any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis. Neither you nor a Disputed Party will seek to have any dispute heard as a class action, private attorney general action, or in any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity. No arbitration or proceeding will be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to all affected arbitrations or proceedings.

(f) Any arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules. If you are an individual and use the Software or Products for personal or household use, or if the value of the dispute is $75,000 USD or less whether or not you are an individual or how you use them, its Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will also apply. For more information, see adr.org or call +1-800-778-7879. In a dispute involving $75,000 USD or less, Skype will promptly reimburse your filing fees and pay the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees. You and Skype agree to the terms governing procedures, fees and incentives at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=275219.  To commence arbitration, submit the form available at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=275627 to the AAA. You agree to commence arbitration only in your county of residence, in Santa Clara County, California, or another Disputed Party’s principal place of business in the USA. Skype and other Disputed Parties agree to commence arbitration only in your county of residence.

(g) To the extent permitted by law, any claim or dispute relating to your use of Pay by Mobile must be filed within one year in small claims court (paragraph 20.3(c)) or in arbitration (paragraph 20.3(d)). The one-year period begins when the claim or dispute first could be filed. If such a claim or dispute is not filed within one year, it is permanently barred.

(h) Rejecting Future Arbitration Changes. You may reject any change Skype makes to paragraph 20.3 (other than address changes) by sending us notice within 30 days of the change by U.S. Mail to the address in paragraph 20.3(b). If you do, the most recent version of paragraph 20.3 before the change you rejected will apply.

(i) If the class action waiver in paragraph 20.3(e) is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, then paragraph 20.3 will not apply to those parts. Instead, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law, with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of paragraph 20.3 is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be severed with the remainder of paragraph 20.3 remaining in full force and effect.

YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS AND UNDERSTAND THE RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. BY CLICKING ON THE ACCEPT BUTTON AND/OR CONTINUING TO INSTALL THE SOFTWARE OR USE THE SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND/OR SKYPE WEBSITES, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND GRANT TO SKYPE THE RIGHTS SET FORTH HEREIN.


Terms of Service
Last updated: 5 January 2016

Terms of Service

Who are we?

Skyscanner ( "us", "we" or “our” as the context requires) is a global business providing instant online travel search services (including but not limited to flight, hotel and car hire price comparisons) and other travel related services (the “Skyscanner Services”) to users throughout the world via our websites, apps and other platforms (the “Skyscanner Platforms”).

Skyscanner is not a travel agent and is not responsible for providing, or for setting or controlling the prices applicable to, anyof the travel options or products (such as flights or hotels) which you may search for, find on and/or book via the Skyscanner Services or Skyscanner Platforms (“Third Party Travel Products”). All such Third Party Travel Products are provided by independent travel agents, airlines, hotels, tour operators or other third parties and are subject to the terms and conditions imposed by those third parties.

The Skyscanner Services and Skyscanner Platforms are provided by Skyscanner Limited,a private limited company incorporated and registered in England & Wales with company number 04217916. Our company details, including correspondence address and registered office, are available here.

These Terms

These terms and conditions("Terms") govern your access to and use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms and, together with our privacy policy, constitute a legal agreement between you and Skyscanner. By downloading, accessing or otherwise using the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms, you are confirming that you have read, understood and agreed to these Terms and those of the privacy policy.

Some of the Skyscanner Services and/or Platforms (for example, our ‘Skyscanner for Business’ B2B products) impose different terms and conditions on your use of those services. Where that is the case, you will be clearly notified of that and will be required to confirm your acceptance of those terms and conditions, which will operate in place of or in conjunction with these Terms as appropriate.

We may amend these Terms at any time at our discretion. If these Terms are amended, we shall display the revised terms and conditions on or via the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms and you will be deemed to have accepted any amendments if you continue using the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms after the amendments are displayed.

If you do not accept all of these Terms then you should not use the Skyscanner Services or Skyscanner Platforms.

Using the Skyscanner Services

You may only use the Skyscanner Services and Skyscanner Platforms in compliance with applicable laws and for legitimate purposes. In consideration of you agreeing to abide by these Terms, we grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to download, access and use the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms for your own personal, non-commercial purposes and for no other purpose. In particular, we grant such licence to you subject to you agreeing that you shall not:

a) use the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms for any purpose that is improper, unlawful, or to post, share or transmit any material that (i) is defamatory, offensive, obscene or otherwise objectionable; (ii) is in breach of confidence or privacy or of any third party’s rights including copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property rights; (iii) is posted, shared or transmitted for the purpose of advertising or promoting yourself or any third party; or (iv) is misleading or misrepresentative as to your identity or which in any way suggests that you are sponsored, affiliated or connected with Skyscanner;

b) use the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms for any commercial purpose or in any manner which may cause damage to Skyscanner or bring Skyscanner into disrepute;

c) disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise decompile any software, applications, updates or hardware contained in or available via the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms, except as permitted by law;

d) copy, distribute, communicate to the public, sell, rent, lend or otherwise use the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms, or seek to violate or circumvent any security measures employed to prevent or limit your access to or use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms;

e) use or interfere with the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other users;

f) introduce onto, or transmit via, the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms any disruptive computer program code, virus, ‘denial of service’ or ‘spam’ attack, worm, Trojan horse, authorisation key, licence control utility or software lock;

g) remove, alter or replace any notices of authorship, trade marks, business names, logos or other designations of origin on the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms or pass off or attempt to pass off the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms as the product of anyone other than Skyscanner;

h) use any automated computer program or application to scan, copy, index, sort or otherwise exploit the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms or any part thereof.

Where you sign up to any feature of, or use,the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms that requires the use of a log-in account or password, you agree that you shall be responsible for keeping those password and log-in details confidential and secure. If you become aware, or suspect for any reason, that the security of your log-in details has been compromised, please let us know here as soon as you can.

The Skyscanner Services and Skyscanner Platforms are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and no one under the age of 13 may provide any information to, on or via the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13, and if we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information in accordance with our privacy policy.

To the extent that any element of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms is hosted on a third party website (for example, Facebook or another social media website) and there are separate terms and conditions of use relating to that third party website, you agree to fully comply with such terms and conditions.

Sharing information with us

We take your privacy seriously and operate at all times in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You acknowledge that any personally identifiable information which you submit to or via the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms may be used by us in accordance with our privacy policy. You agree to ensure that all personally identifiable information you provide to us is accurate and up to date and that you have obtained all consents, licenses or approvals necessary to enable us to use that information in accordance with these Terms and with our privacy policy.

To the extent that the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms allow you to post, upload, transmit or otherwise make available any information, images, video, or other data with Skyscanner or other Skyscanner users (“User Content”), you agree that:

a) you are solely responsible for the User Content that you upload and you represent and agree that you will not share anything which you do not have the permission or right to share and which you cannot grant the licence referred to in paragraph (b) below in respect of;

b) although all intellectual property rights subsisting in any User Content will be owned by you or your licensors, you hereby grant Skyscanner and its group companies a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferrable and sub-licensable right to use, reproduce both electronically and otherwise, display, distribute, modify, adapt, publish, translate, and create derivative works from any and all such User Content (excluding personally identifiable information) including for the purposes of advertising and marketing the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms;

c) we are under no obligation to store, retain, publish or make available any User Content uploaded by you and that you shall be responsible for creating backups of any such User Content if necessary.

To the extent that you provide us with any suggestions, comments, improvements, ideas or other feedback (“Feedback”), you hereby assign ownership of all intellectual property rights subsisting in that feedback to us and acknowledge that we can use and share such Feedback for any purpose at our discretion. You can provide feedback to us by clicking on the ‘Feedback’ tab or here.

Skyscanner's property

Except as set out elsewhere in these Terms, all intellectual property rights including, but not limited to, copyright (including copyright in computer software), patents, trade marks or business names, design rights, database rights, know-how, trade secrets and rights of confidence in the Skyscanner Services and Platforms (together, the "Intellectual Property Rights") are owned by or licensed to Skyscanner. You acknowledge that by using the Skyscanner Services and/or the Skyscanner Platforms, you will not acquire any right, title or interest in or to Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms or in or to the Intellectual Property Rights except for the limited licence to use the Skyscanner Services and Skyscanner Platforms granted to you pursuant to these Terms. You further acknowledge that you have no right to have access to any aspect of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms in source-code form.

Other people’s property

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you have reason to believe that your copyright is being infringed by any content on the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms, please send a written notification of such infringement to the address stated at the beginning of Terms marked for the attention of our ‘General Counsel’.

Price accuracy and warranty disclaimer

Your use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms is entirely at your own risk.

Although we enforce strict ‘price accuracy’ policies with all partners who provide us with travel data and endeavour to ensure that the content displayed on or via the Skyscanner Services and Platforms is up todate and accurate, we cannot guarantee the reliability or accuracy of such content. We provide the Skyscanner Services and Platforms on an ‘as is’ basis and expressly disclaim all warranties, conditions and guarantees of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability and accuracy, as well as any warranties implied by usage of trade, course of dealing or course of performance. To the extent permitted by law, we make no representations and do not warrant to you that the Skyscanner Services and Skyscanner Platforms (a) are accurate, complete or up to date; (b) will always be available; (c) will meet your expectations; or (d) are secure or are free from errors, faults, defects, viruses or malware.

Making travel bookings via Skyscanner

Skyscanner is not a travel agentand is not responsible for providing any travel options displayed via the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms or for setting or controlling the prices we display. Any Third Party Travel Products which you find and/or book via the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms are provided by independent travel agents, airlines, hotels, travel operators or other third parties (“Travel Providers”). Skyscanner facilitates your bookings with Travel Providers but is not responsible and has no liability to you in respect of such bookings. The identity of the relevant Travel Provider and the terms and conditions applicable to your booking with them (“Travel Provider Terms”) will be notified to you at the time of booking and you should ensure that you read and fully understand them before completing your booking. The Travel Provider Terms will set out what rights you have against the Travel Provider and will explain their liability to you in the event of anything going wrong. You agree to comply in full with all applicable Travel Provider Terms. You acknowledge that breaching Travel Provider Terms could result in the cancellation of tickets or reservations, revocation of frequent flier miles and other benefits, and additional charges.

Limitations and exclusions of liability

These Terms set out the full extent of Skyscanner's obligations and liabilities in respect of the Skyscanner Services and Platforms.

Skyscanner has no responsibility whatsoever for any arrangements you make with any third party as a result of your use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms (including, without limitation, any Travel Provider). In the event that you encounter any problems with any booking you make or attempt to make via Skyscanner, you acknowledge that you should resolve that issue with the relevant Travel Provider and that your sole remedy in such circumstances, including any refund, lies with the relevant Travel Provider and not with Skyscanner. Where the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.

You may see advertising material submitted by third parties on the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms. Each individual advertiser is solely responsible for the content of its advertising material and Skyscanner accepts no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, we (together with our officers, directors, employees, representatives, affiliates, providers and third parties) do not accept any liability for (a) any inaccuracies or omissions in the content displayed on or via the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms; or (b) any act of god, accident, delay or any special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind (including, without limitation, lost profits or lost savings), whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, incurred by you arising out of or in connection with your access to, use of, or inability to access or use, the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms or any content contained provided therein.

Subject to these Terms and to the extent permitted by law, our maximum aggregate liability to you arising out of or in connection with these Terms or your access to, use of, or inability to access or use, the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms shall be limited to the sum of £100 (one hundred pounds Sterling).

Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude (a) our liability in respect of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (b) any other liability that cannot be excluded by law; or (c) your statutory rights.

Your liability to us

Subject to these Terms, you will be responsible and liable to us for all actions, claims, proceedings, costs, damages, losses and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees) incurred by us or our group, and each of our officers, directors, employees and agents, arising out of, or in any way connected with,your use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms or breach of these Terms.

Termination

Skyscanner may in its absolute discretion immediately terminate any agreement with you under these Terms at any time upon notice to you and/or, if you have a log-in account, by cancelling your membership and your access to your account. Skyscanner may suspend your use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms without notice at any time, without incurring any liability to you whatsoever.

General provisions

You acknowledge that your unauthorised use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms may result in irreparable damage and injury to Skyscanner and/or its affiliates or licensors for which money damages would be inadequate. Consequently, in the event of such unauthorised use, we and our affiliates and/or licensors (as applicable) shall have the right, in addition to any other legal remedies available, to seek an immediate injunction against you prohibiting any further use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms.

The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision (in whole or part) of these Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions (in whole or part). The whole or part of any provision which is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed deleted from these Terms.

These Terms are personal to you. You shall not be entitled to assign these Terms in whole or in part to any third party without our prior written consent.

These Terms represent the entire agreement between us and you and supersede and replace all and any previous terms, conditions, agreements and arrangements in respect of your use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms.

We will act promptly to any indications of User Content that is in breach of these Terms. Where you know of or suspect any illegal activities, or know of or suspect that works belonging to you have been infringed, please write to us at the address provided below marked for the attention of our ‘General Counsel’.

Any failure by us to enforce any of these Terms shall not be considered to be a waiver of them or the right to subsequently enforce any of these Terms.

A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no right to enforce any provision of these Terms.

Irrespective of the country from which you access or use the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms, to the extent permitted by law these Terms and your use of the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you are deemed to have submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales to resolve any disputes which may arise hereunder.

Contact us

If you require further information about Skyscanner or have any suggestions concerning how to improve the Skyscanner Services and/or Skyscanner Platforms, please contact us here. Alternatively, you can write to us at Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh EH3 9EN marked for the attention of our ‘General Counsel’.

Effective: January 31, 2018

These Customer Terms of Service (the “Customer Terms”) describe your rights and responsibilities when using our online workplace productivity tools and platform (the “Services”). Please read them carefully. If you are a Customer (defined below), these Customer Terms govern your access and use of our Services. If you are being invited to a workspace set up by a Customer, the User Terms of Service (the “User Terms”) govern your access and use of the Services. We are grateful you’re here.

First Things First

These “Customer Terms” Form a Part of a Binding “Contract”

These Customer Terms (or, if applicable, your written agreement with us) and any Order Form(s) (defined below) together form a binding “Contract” between Customer and us. If any terms in the Customer-Specific Supplement apply to Customer (e.g., if Customer is a U.S. government entity), those terms are also incorporated herein by reference and form part of the Contract. “We,” “our” and “us” refers to the applicable Slack entity in the section entitled “Which Slack Entity is Customer Contracting With?” below.

Your Agreement On Behalf of “Customer”

If you purchase subscription(s), create a workspace (i.e., a digital space where a group of users may access the Services, as further described in our Help Center pages), invite users to that workspace, or use or allow use of that workspace after being notified of a change to these Customer Terms, you acknowledge your understanding of the then-current Contract and agree to the Contract on behalf of Customer. Please make sure you have the necessary authority to enter into the Contract on behalf of Customer before proceeding.

Customer Choices and Instructions

Who is “Customer”? (Hint: There can be only one)

“Customer” is the organization that you represent in agreeing to the Contract. If your workspace is being set up by someone who is not formally affiliated with an organization, Customer is the individual creating the workspace. For example, if you signed up using a personal email address and invited a couple of friends to work on a new startup idea but haven't formed a company yet, you are the Customer.

Signing Up Using a Corporate Email Domain

If you signed up for a plan using your corporate email domain, your organization is Customer, and Customer can modify and re-assign roles on your workspace (including your role) and otherwise exercise its rights under the Contract. If Customer elects to replace you as the representative with ultimate authority for the workspace, we will provide you with notice following such election and you agree to take any actions reasonably requested by us or Customer to facilitate the transfer of authority to a new representative of Customer.

What This Means for Customer—and for Us

Individuals authorized by Customer to access the Services (an “Authorized User”) may submit content or information to the Services, such as messages or files (“Customer Data”), and Customer may exclusively provide us with instructions on what to do with it. For example, Customer may provision or deprovision access to the Services, enable or disable third party integrations, manage permissions, retention and export settings, transfer or assign workspaces, share channels, or consolidate workspaces or channels with other workspaces or channels. Since these choices and instructions may result in the access, use, disclosure, modification or deletion of certain or all Customer Data, please review the Help Center pages for more information about these choices and instructions.

Customer will (a) inform Authorized Users of all Customer policies and practices that are relevant to their use of the Services and of any settings that may impact the processing of Customer Data; and (b) ensure the transfer and processing of Customer Data under the Contract is lawful.

Ordering Subscriptions

A subscription allows an Authorized User to access the Services. No matter the role, a subscription is required for each Authorized User. A subscription may be procured through the Services interface, or in some cases, via an order form entered into between Customer and us (each, an “Order Form”). Please see the Help Center for more information on procuring subscriptions and inviting new Authorized Users. Each Authorized User must agree to the User Terms to activate their subscription. Subscriptions commence when we make them available to Customer and continue for the term specified in the Services “check-out” interface or in the Order Form, as applicable. Each subscription is for a single Authorized User for a specified term and is personal to that Authorized User. We sometimes enter into other kinds of ordering arrangements, but that would need to be spelled out and agreed to in an Order Form. During an active subscription term, adding more subscriptions is fairly easy. Unless the Order Form says otherwise, Customer may purchase more subscriptions at the same price stated in the Order Form and all will terminate on the same date. Check out our Help Center pages for additional information on setting up a workspace and assigning roles.

Purchasing Decisions

We may share information about our future product plans because we like transparency. Our public statements about those product plans are an expression of intent, but do not rely on them when making a purchase. If Customer decides to buy our Services, that decision should be based on the functionality or features we have made available today and not on the delivery of any future functionality or features.

Choosing to be a Beta Tester

Occasionally, we look for beta testers to help us test our new features. These features will be identified as “beta” or “pre-release,” or words or phrases with similar meanings (each, a “Beta Product”). Beta Products may not be ready for prime time so they are made available “as is,” and any warranties or contractual commitments we make for other Services do not apply. Should Customer encounter any faults with our Beta Products, we would love to hear about them; our primary reason for running any beta programs is to iron out issues before making a new feature widely available.

Feedback is Welcome

The more suggestions our customers make, the better the Services become. If Customer sends us any feedback or suggestions regarding the Services, there is a chance we will use it, so Customer grants us (for itself and all of its Authorized Users and other Customer personnel) an unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, sublicensable, transferable, royalty-free license to use any such feedback or suggestions for any purpose without any obligation or compensation to Customer, any Authorized User or other Customer personnel. If we choose not to implement the suggestion, please don’t take it personally. We appreciate it nonetheless.

Non-Slack Products

Our Services include a platform that third parties may use to develop applications and software that complement Customer’s use of the Services (each, a “Non-Slack Product”). We also maintain a directory called the Slack App Directory where some Non-Slack Products are available for installation. THESE ARE NOT OUR SERVICES, SO WE DO NOT WARRANT OR SUPPORT NON-SLACK PRODUCTS, AND, ULTIMATELY, CUSTOMER (AND NOT US) WILL DECIDE WHETHER OR NOT TO ENABLE THEM. ANY USE OF A NON-SLACK PRODUCT IS SOLELY BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND THE APPLICABLE THIRD PARTY PROVIDER.

If a Non-Slack Product is enabled for Customer’s workspace, please be mindful of any Customer Data that will be shared with the third party provider and the purposes for which the provider requires access. We will not be responsible for any use, disclosure, modification or deletion of Customer Data that is transmitted to, or accessed by, a Non-Slack Product. Check out our Help Center pages for more information.

Privacy Policy

Please review our Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect and use data relating to the use and performance of our websites and products.

Customer and Authorized Users

Use of the Services

Customer must comply with the Contract and ensure that its Authorized Users comply with the Contract and the User Terms. We may review conduct for compliance purposes, but we have no obligation to do so. We aren't responsible for the content of any Customer Data or the way Customer or its Authorized Users choose to use the Services to store or process any Customer Data. The Services are not intended for and should not be used by anyone under the age of 16. Customer must ensure that all Authorized Users are over 16 years old. Customer is solely responsible for providing high speed internet service for itself and its Authorized Users to access and use the Services.

Our Removal Rights

If we believe that there is a violation of the Contract that can simply be remedied by Customer’s removal of certain Customer Data or Customer’s disabling of a Non-Slack Product, we will, in most cases, ask Customer to take direct action rather than intervene. However, we may directly step in and take what we determine to be appropriate action, if Customer does not take appropriate action, or if we believe there is a credible risk of harm to us, the Services, Authorized Users, or any third parties.

Payment Obligations

Payment Terms

For Customers that purchase our Services, fees are specified at the Services interface “check-out” and in the Order Form(s) — and must be paid in advance. Payment obligations are non-cancelable and, except as expressly stated in the Contract, fees paid are non-refundable. For clarity, in the event Customer downgrades any subscriptions from a paid plan to a free plan, Customer will remain responsible for any unpaid fees under the paid plan, and Services under the paid plan will be deemed fully performed and delivered upon expiration of the initial paid plan subscription term. Check out our Help Center pages for more information about payment options. If we agree to invoice Customer by email, full payment must be received within thirty (30) days from the invoice date. Fees are stated exclusive of any taxes, levies, duties, or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction (collectively, “Taxes”). Customer will be responsible for paying all Taxes associated with its purchases, except for those taxes based on our net income. Should any payment for the Services be subject to withholding tax by any government, Customer will reimburse us for such withholding tax.

Fair Billing Policy

We believe customers should only pay for subscriptions that are actually used, so we offer a Fair Billing Policy. Certain exceptions and conditions may apply, as noted in the Services interface “check-out” or in an Order Form.

Credits

Any credits that may accrue to Customer’s account (for example, from a promotion or application of the Fair Billing Policy), will expire following expiration or termination of the applicable Contract, will have no currency or exchange value, and will not be transferable or refundable. Credits accrued to a workspace on a free subscription plan will expire if the workspace’s plan is not upgraded to a paid plan within ninety (90) days of accrual, unless otherwise specified. For more information on credits, please see the Help Center.

Downgrade for Non-Payment

If any fees owed to us by Customer (excluding amounts disputed reasonably and in good faith) are thirty (30) days or more overdue, we may, without limiting our other rights and remedies, downgrade any fee-based Services to free plans until those amounts are paid in full, so long as we have given Customer ten (10) or more days’ prior notice that its account is overdue. Notwithstanding the second paragraph of the “Providing the Services” section below, Customer acknowledges and agrees that a downgrade will result in a decrease in certain features and functionality and potential loss of access to Customer Data, as illustrated by comparing the plans in the Pricing Guide.

 

Our Responsibilities

Providing the Services

Customer isn’t the only one with responsibilities; we have some, too. We will (a) make the Services available to Customer and its Authorized Users as described in the Contract; and (b) not use or process Customer Data for any purpose without Customer’s prior written instructions; provided, however, that “prior written instructions” will be deemed to include use of the Services by Authorized Users and any processing related to such use or otherwise necessary for the performance of the Contract.

Be assured that (a) the Services will perform materially in accordance with our then-current Help Center pages; and (b) subject to the “Non-Slack Products” and “Downgrade for Non-Payment” sections, we will not materially decrease the functionality of a Service during a subscription term. For any breach of a warranty in this section, Customer’s exclusive remedies are those described in the sections titled “Termination for Cause” and “Effect of Termination”.

Keeping the Services Available

As further described in our Help Center pages, for some of our Services, we also offer specific uptime commitments paired with credits, if we fall short. In those cases, the credits will serve as what the lawyers call liquidated damages and will be Customer’s sole remedy for the downtime and related inconvenience. For all Service plans, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, excluding planned downtime. We expect planned downtime to be infrequent but will endeavor to provide Customer with advance notice (e.g., through the Services), if we think it may exceed five (5) continuous minutes.

Protecting Customer Data

The protection of Customer Data is a top priority for us so we will maintain administrative, physical, and technical safeguards at a level not materially less protective than as described in our Security Practices page. Those safeguards will include measures for preventing unauthorized access, use, modification, deletion and disclosure of Customer Data by our personnel. Before sharing Customer Data with any of our third party service providers, we will ensure that the third party maintains, at a minimum, reasonable data practices for maintaining the confidentiality and security of Customer Data and preventing unauthorized access. Customer (not us) bears sole responsibility for adequate security, protection and backup of Customer Data when in Customer’s or its representatives’ or agents’ possession or control. We are not responsible for what Customer’s Authorized Users or Non-Slack Products do with Customer Data. That is Customer’s responsibility.

The Slack Extended Family

We may leverage our employees, those of our corporate affiliates and third party contractors (the “Slack Extended Family”) in exercising our rights and performing our obligations under the Contract. We will be responsible for the Slack Extended Family’s compliance with our obligations under the Contract.

Ownership and Proprietary Rights

What’s Yours is Yours…

As between us on the one hand, and Customer and any Authorized Users on the other, Customer will own all Customer Data. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Contract, Customer (for itself and all of its Authorized Users) grants us and the Slack Extended Family a worldwide, non-exclusive, limited term license to access, use, process, copy, distribute, perform, export and display Customer Data, and any Non-Slack Products created by or for Customer, only as reasonably necessary (a) to provide, maintain and update the Services; (b) to prevent or address service, security, support or technical issues; (c) as required by law or as permitted by the Data Request Policy; and (d) as expressly permitted in writing by Customer. Customer represents and warrants that it has secured all rights in and to Customer Data from its Authorized Users as may be necessary to grant this license.

And What’s Ours is Ours

We own and will continue to own our Services, including all related intellectual property rights. We may make software components available, via app stores or other channels, as part of the Services. We grant to Customer a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, limited license for Customer and its Authorized Users to use the object code version of these components, but solely as necessary to use the Services and in accordance with the Contract and the User Terms. All of our rights not expressly granted by this license are hereby retained.

Term and Termination

Contract Term

As further described below, a free subscription continues until terminated, while a paid subscription has a term that may expire or be terminated. The Contract remains effective until all subscriptions ordered under the Contract have expired or been terminated or the Contract itself terminates. Termination of the Contract will terminate all subscriptions and all Order Forms.

Auto-Renewal

Unless an Order Form says something different, (a) all subscriptions automatically renew (without the need to go through the Services-interface “check-out” or execute a renewal Order Form) for additional periods equal to one (1) year or the preceding term, whichever is shorter; and (b) the per-unit pricing during any automatic renewal term will remain the same as it was during the immediately prior term. Either party can give the other notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days before the end of a subscription term to stop the subscriptions from automatically renewing.

Termination for Cause

We or Customer may terminate the Contract on notice to the other party if the other party materially breaches the Contract and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after the non-breaching party provides notice of the breach. Customer is responsible for its Authorized Users, including for any breaches of this Contract caused by its Authorized Users. We may terminate the Contract immediately on notice to Customer if we reasonably believe that the Services are being used by Customer or its Authorized Users in violation of applicable law.

Termination Without Cause

Customer may terminate its free subscriptions immediately without cause. We may also terminate Customer’s free subscriptions without cause, but we will provide Customer with thirty (30) days prior written notice.

Effect of Termination

Upon any termination for cause by Customer, we will refund Customer any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the term of all subscriptions after the effective date of termination. Upon any termination for cause by us, Customer will pay any unpaid fees covering the remainder of the term of those subscriptions after the effective date of termination. In no event will any termination relieve Customer of the obligation to pay any fees payable to us for the period prior to the effective date of termination.

Data Portability and Deletion

We are custodians of Customer Data. During the term of a workspace’s subscriptions, Customer will be permitted to export or share certain Customer Data from the Services; provided, however, that because we have different products with varying features and Customer has different retention options, Customer acknowledges and agrees that the ability to export or share Customer Data may be limited or unavailable depending on the type of Services plan in effect and the data retention, sharing or invite settings enabled. Following termination or expiration of a workspace’s subscriptions, we will have no obligation to maintain or provide any Customer Data and may thereafter, unless legally prohibited, delete all Customer Data in our systems or otherwise in our possession or under our control. Please review our Security Practices page for more information on how Customer itself can initiate deletion.

Representations Disclaimer of Warranties

Customer represents and warrants that it has validly entered into the Contract and has the legal power to do so. Customer further represents and warrants that it is responsible for the conduct of its Authorized Users and their compliance with the terms of this Contract and the User Terms.

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, THE SERVICES AND ALL RELATED COMPONENTS AND INFORMATION ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE.

Limitation of Liability

OTHER THAN IN CONNECTION WITH A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER CUSTOMER’S OR THE SLACK EXTENDED FAMILY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE CONTRACT OR THE USER TERMS (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY) EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER HEREUNDER IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE LAST EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY. THE FOREGOING WILL NOT LIMIT CUSTOMER’S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE “PAYMENT TERMS” SECTION ABOVE.

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER CUSTOMER OR ANY MEMBER OF THE SLACK EXTENDED FAMILY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

The Services support logins using two-factor authentication (“2FA”), which is known to reduce the risk of unauthorized use of or access to the Services. We therefore will not be responsible for any damages, losses or liability to Customer, Authorized Users, or anyone else if any event leading to such damages, losses or liability would have been prevented by the use of 2FA. Additionally, Customer is responsible for all login credentials, including usernames and passwords, for administrator accounts as well the accounts of your Authorized Users. We will not be responsible for any damages, losses or liability to Customer, Authorized Users, or anyone else, if such information is not kept confidential by Customer or its Authorized Users, or if such information is correctly provided by an unauthorized third party logging into and accessing the Services.

The limitations under this “Limitation of Liability” section apply with respect to all legal theories, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, and to the extent permitted by law. The provisions of this “Limitation of Liability” section allocate the risks under this Contract between the parties, and the parties have relied on these limitations in determining whether to enter into this Contract and the pricing for the Services.

Our Indemnification of Customer

We will defend Customer from and against any and all third party claims, actions, suits, proceedings, and demands alleging that the use of the Services as permitted under the Contract infringes or misappropriates a third party’s intellectual property rights (a “Claim Against Customer”), and will indemnify Customer for all reasonable attorney’s fees incurred and damages and other costs finally awarded against Customer in connection with or as a result of, and for amounts paid by Customer under a settlement we approve of in connection with, a Claim Against Customer; provided, however, that we will have no liability if a Claim Against Customer arises from (a) Customer Data or Non-Slack Products; and (b) any modification, combination or development of the Services that is not performed by us, including in the use of any application programming interface (API). Customer must provide us with prompt written notice of any Claim Against Customer and allow us the right to assume the exclusive defense and control, and cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting our defense and settlement of such matter. This section states our sole liability with respect to, and Customer’s exclusive remedy against us and the Slack Extended Family for, any Claim Against Customer.

Customer's Indemnification of Us

Customer will defend Slack and the members of the Slack Extended Family (collectively, the “Slack Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all third party claims, actions, suits, proceedings, and demands arising from or related to Customer’s or any of its Authorized Users’ violation of the Contract or the User Terms (a “Claim Against Us”), and will indemnify the Slack Indemnified Parties for all reasonable attorney’s fees incurred and damages and other costs finally awarded against a Slack Indemnified Party in connection with or as a result of, and for amounts paid by a Slack Indemnified Party under a settlement Customer approves of in connection with, a Claim Against Us. We must provide Customer with prompt written notice of any Claim Against Us and allow Customer the right to assume the exclusive defense and control, and cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting Customer’s defense and settlement of such matter. This section states your sole liability with respect to, and the Slack Indemnified Parties’ exclusive remedy against Customer for, any Claim Against Us.

Limitations on Indemnifications

Notwithstanding anything contained in the two preceding sections, (a) an indemnified party will always be free to choose its own counsel if it pays for the cost of such counsel; and (b) no settlement may be entered into by an indemnifying party, without the express written consent of the indemnified parties (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), if (i) the third party asserting the claim is a government agency, (ii) the settlement arguably involves the making of admissions by the indemnified parties, (iii) the settlement does not include a full release of liability for the indemnified parties, or (iv) the settlement includes terms other than a full release of liability for the indemnified parties and the payment of money.

Confidentiality

Confidential Information

Each party (“Disclosing Party”) may disclose “Confidential Information” to the other party (“Receiving Party”) in connection with the Contract, which is anything that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure including all Order Forms, as well as non-public business, product, technology and marketing information. Confidential Information of Customer includes Customer Data. If something is labeled “Confidential,” that’s a clear indicator to the Receiving Party that the material is confidential. Notwithstanding the above, Confidential Information does not include information that (a) is or becomes generally available to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (b) was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (c) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; or (d) was independently developed by the Receiving Party.

Protection and Use of Confidential Information

The Receiving Party will (a) take at least reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of Confidential Information, and limit access to those employees, affiliates and contractors who need to know such information in connection with the Contract; and (b) not use or disclose any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Contract. Nothing above will prevent either party from sharing Confidential Information with financial and legal advisors; provided, however, that the advisors are bound to confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those in the Contract.

Compelled Access or Disclosure

The Receiving Party may access or disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if it is required by law; provided, however, that the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice of the compelled access or disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's cost, if the Disclosing Party wishes to contest the access or disclosure. Without limiting the foregoing, please review the Data Request Policy for details on how requests may be made for the disclosure of Customer Data and how we will handle those requests. If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to access or disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing access to such Confidential Information as well as the reasonable cost for any support provided in connection with the Disclosing Party seeking a protective order or confidential treatment for the Confidential Information to be produced.

Survival

The sections titled “Feedback is Welcome,” “Non-Slack Products,” “Our Removal Rights,” “A Condition of Use,” “Payment Terms,” “Credits,” “The Slack Extended Family,” “What’s Yours is Yours…,” “And What’s Ours is Ours,” “Effect of Termination,” “Data Portability and Deletion,” “Representations; Disclaimer of Warranties,” “Limitation of Liability,” “Our Indemnification of Customer,” “Customer’s Indemnification of Us,” “Limitations on Indemnifications,” “Confidentiality” and “Survival,” as well as all of the provisions under the general heading “General Provisions,” will survive any termination or expiration of the Contract.

General Provisions

Publicity

Customer grants us the right to use Customer’s company name and logo as a reference for marketing or promotional purposes on our website and in other public or private communications with our existing or potential customers, subject to Customer’s standard trademark usage guidelines as provided to us from time-to-time. We don’t want to list customers who don’t want to be listed, so Customer may send us an email to feedback@slack.com stating that it does not wish to be used as a reference.

Force Majeure

Neither us nor Customer will be liable by reason of any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations on account of events beyond the reasonable control of a party, which may include denial-of-service attacks, a failure by a third party hosting provider or utility provider, strikes, shortages, riots, fires, acts of God, war, terrorism, and governmental action.

Relationship of the Parties; No Third Party Beneficiaries

The parties are independent contractors. The Contract does not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third party beneficiaries to the Contract.

Email and Slack Messages

Except as otherwise set forth herein, all notices under the Contract will be by email, although we may instead choose to provide notice to Customer through the Services (e.g., a slackbot notification). Notices to Slack will be sent to feedback@slack.com, except for legal notices, such as notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim, which must be sent to legal@slack.com. Notices will be deemed to have been duly given (a) the day after it is sent, in the case of notices through email; and (b) the same day, in the case of notices through the Services.

Modifications

As our business evolves, we may change these Customer Terms and the other components of the Contract (except any Order Forms). If we make a material change to the Contract, we will provide Customer with reasonable notice prior to the change taking effect, either by emailing the email address associated with Customer’s account or by messaging Customer through the Services. Customer can review the most current version of the Customer Terms at any time by visiting this page and by visiting the most current versions of the other pages that are referenced in the Contract. The materially revised Contract will become effective on the date set forth in our notice, and all other changes will become effective upon posting of the change. If Customer (or any Authorized User) accesses or uses the Services after the effective date, that use will constitute Customer’s acceptance of any revised terms and conditions.

Waiver

No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under the Contract will constitute a waiver of that right. No waiver under the Contract will be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the party being deemed to have granted the waiver.

Severability

The Contract will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. If any provision of the Contract is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision will be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of the Contract will remain in effect.

Assignment

Except with respect to the Slack Extended Family, neither party may assign or delegate any of its rights or obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other party (not to be unreasonably withheld). Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may assign the Contract in its entirety (including all Order Forms), without consent of the other party, to a corporate affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets. Customer will keep its billing and contact information current at all times by notifying Slack of any changes. Any purported assignment in violation of this section is void. A party’s sole remedy for any purported assignment by the other party in breach of this section will be, at the non-assigning party’s election, termination of the Contract upon written notice to the assigning party. In the event of such a termination by Customer, we will refund Customer any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the term of all subscriptions after the effective date of termination. Subject to the foregoing, the Contract will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.

Which Slack Entity is Customer Contracting With?

All references to ‘Slack,’ ‘we,’ or ‘us’ under the Contract, what law will apply in any dispute or lawsuit arising out of or in connection with the Contract, and which courts have jurisdiction over any such dispute or lawsuit, depend on where Customer is domiciled.

Domicile

Slack Contracting Entity

Governing Law

Venue

United States and Canada

Slack Technologies, Inc.

California

San Francisco County, California

Rest of World

Slack Technologies Limited

Ireland

Dublin, Ireland

The Contract, and any disputes arising out of or related hereto, will be governed exclusively by the applicable governing law above, without regard to conflicts of laws rules or the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. The courts located in the applicable venue above will have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising out of or relating to the Contract or its formation, interpretation or enforcement. Each party hereby consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the Contract, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable costs and attorney’s fees.

Entire Agreement

The Contract, including these Customer Terms and all referenced pages and Order Forms, if applicable, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning its subject matter. Without limiting the foregoing, the Contract supersedes the terms of any online agreement electronically accepted by Customer or any Authorized Users. However, to the extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions in these Customer Terms and any other documents or pages referenced in these Customer Terms, the following order of precedence will apply: (1) the terms of any Order Form (if any), (2) the portions of the Customer-Specific Supplement that apply to Customer (if any), (3) the Customer Terms and (4) finally any other documents or pages referenced in the Terms. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary therein, no terms or conditions stated in a Customer purchase order, vendor onboarding process or web portal, or any other Customer order documentation (excluding Order Forms) will be incorporated into or form any part of the Contract, and all such terms or conditions will be null and void.
Effective Date: April 20, 2018

These User Terms of Service (the “User Terms”) govern your access and use of our online workplace productivity tools and platform (the “Services”). Please read them carefully. Even though you are signing onto an existing workspace, these User Terms apply to you as a user of the Services. We are grateful you’re here.

First things First

These User Terms are Legally Binding

These User Terms are a legally binding contract between you and us. As part of these User Terms, you agree to comply with the most recent version of our Acceptable Use Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these User Terms. If you access or use the Services, or continue accessing or using the Services after being notified of a change to the User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy, you confirm that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by the User Terms and the Acceptable Use Policy. “We”, “our” and “us” currently refers to the applicable Slack entity in the Contract (defined below).

Customer’s Choices and Instructions

You are an Authorized User on a Workspace Controlled by a “Customer”

An organization or other third party that we refer to in these User Terms as “Customer” has invited you to a workspace (i.e., a unique domain where a group of users may access the Services, as further described in our Help Center pages). If you are joining one of your employer’s workspaces, for example, Customer is your employer. If you are joining a workspace created by your friend using her personal email address to work on her new startup idea, she is our Customer and she is authorizing you to join her workspace.

What This Means for You—and for Us

Customer has separately agreed to our Customer Terms of Service or entered into a written agreement with us (in either case, the “Contract”) that permitted Customer to create and configure a workspace so that you and others could join (each invitee granted access to the Services, including you, is an “Authorized User”). The Contract contains our commitment to deliver the Services to Customer, who may then invite Authorized Users to join its workspace(s). When an Authorized User (including, you) submits content or information to the Services, such as messages or files (“Customer Data”), you acknowledge and agree that the Customer Data is owned by Customer and the Contract provides Customer with many choices and control over that Customer Data. For example, Customer may provision or deprovision access to the Services, enable or disable third party integrations, manage permissions, retention and export settings, transfer or assign workspaces, share channels, or consolidate your workspace or channels with other workspaces or channels, and these choices and instructions may result in the access, use, disclosure, modification or deletion of certain or all Customer Data. Please check out our Help Center pages for more detail on our different Service plans and the options available to Customer.

The Relationship Between You, Customer and Us

AS BETWEEN US AND CUSTOMER, YOU AGREE THAT IT IS SOLELY CUSTOMER’S RESPONSIBILITY TO (A) INFORM YOU AND ANY AUTHORIZED USERS OF ANY RELEVANT CUSTOMER POLICIES AND PRACTICES AND ANY SETTINGS THAT MAY IMPACT THE PROCESSING OF CUSTOMER DATA; (B) OBTAIN ANY RIGHTS, PERMISSIONS OR CONSENTS FROM YOU AND ANY AUTHORIZED USERS THAT ARE NECESSARY FOR THE LAWFUL USE OF CUSTOMER DATA AND THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES; (C) ENSURE THAT THE TRANSFER AND PROCESSING OF CUSTOMER DATA UNDER THE CONTRACT IS LAWFUL; AND (D) RESPOND TO AND RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE WITH YOU AND ANY AUTHORIZED USER RELATING TO OR BASED ON CUSTOMER DATA, THE SERVICES OR CUSTOMER’S FAILURE TO FULFILL THESE OBLIGATIONS. SLACK MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO YOU RELATING TO THE SERVICES, WHICH ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “ AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.

A Few Ground Rules

You Must be Over the Legal Age

To the extent prohibited by applicable law, the Services are not intended for and should not be used by anyone under the age of sixteen. You represent that you are over the legal age and are the intended recipient of Customer’s invitation to the Services. You may not access or use the Services for any purpose if either of the representations in the preceding sentence is not true. Without limiting the foregoing, you must be of legal working age.

While You Are Here, You Must Follow the Rules

To help ensure a safe and productive work environment, all Authorized Users must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy and remain vigilant in reporting inappropriate behavior or content to Customer and us.

You Are Here At the Pleasure of Customer (and Us)

These User Terms remain effective until Customer’s subscription for you expires or terminates, or your access to the Services has been terminated by Customer or us. Please contact Customer if you at any time or for any reason wish to terminate your account, including due to a disagreement with any updates to these User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy.

Limitation of Liability

If we believe that there is a violation of the Contract, User Terms, the Acceptable Use Policy, or any of our other policies that can simply be remedied by Customer’s removal of certain Customer Data or taking other action, we will, in most cases, ask Customer to take action rather than intervene. We may directly step in and take what we determine to be appropriate action (including disabling your account) if Customer does not take appropriate action or we believe there is a credible risk of harm to us, the Services, Authorized Users, or any third parties. IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR WE HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES UNLESS YOU ARE ALSO A CUSTOMER (AND WITHOUT LIMITATION TO OUR RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER THE CONTRACT), YOU WILL HAVE NO FINANCIAL LIABILITY TO US FOR A BREACH OF THESE USER TERMS. OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY BREACH OF THE USER TERMS IS ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) IN THE AGGREGATE. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND DO NOT LIMIT EITHER PARTY’S RIGHT TO SEEK AND OBTAIN EQUITABLE RELIEF.

Application of Consumer Law

Slack is a workplace tool intended for use by businesses and organizations and not for consumer purposes. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you hereby acknowledge and agree that consumer laws do not apply. If however any consumer laws (e.g., in Australia, the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth)) do apply and cannot otherwise be lawfully excluded, nothing in these User Terms will restrict, exclude or modify any statutory warranties, guarantees, rights or remedies you have, and our liability is limited (at our option) to the replacement, repair or resupply of the Services or the pro-rata refund to Customer of pre-paid fees for your subscription covering the remainder of the term.

Survival

The sections titled “The Relationship Between You, Customer, and Us,” “Limitation of Liability,” and “Survival,” and all of the provisions under the general heading “General Provisions” will survive any termination or expiration of the User Terms.

General Provisions

Email and Slack Messages

Except as otherwise set forth herein, all notices under the User Terms will be by email, although we may instead choose to provide notice to Authorized Users through the Services (e.g., a slackbot notification). Notices to Slack should be sent to feedback@slack.com, except for legal notices, which must be sent to legal@slack.com. A notice will be deemed to have been duly given (a) the day after it is sent, in the case of a notice sent through email; and (b) the same day, in the case of a notice sent through the Services. Notices under the Contract will be delivered solely to Customer in accordance with the terms of that agreement.

Privacy Policy

Please review our Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect and use data relating to the use and performance of our products.

Modifications

As our business evolves, we may change these User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy. If we make a material change to the User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy, we will provide you with reasonable notice prior to the change taking effect either by emailing the email address associated with your account or by messaging you through the Services.You can review the most current version of the User Terms at any time by visiting this page, and by visiting the following for the most current versions of the other pages that are referenced in these User Terms: Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policy. Any material revisions to these User Terms will become effective on the date set forth in our notice, and all other changes will become effective on the date we publish the change. If you use the Services after the effective date of any changes, that use will constitute your acceptance of the revised terms and conditions.

Waiver

No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under the User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, will constitute a waiver of that right. No waiver under the User Terms will be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the party being deemed to have granted the waiver.

Severability

The User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. If any provision of the User Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision will be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of the User Terms will remain in effect.

Assignment

You may not assign any of your rights or delegate your obligations under these User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of us (not to be unreasonably withheld). We may assign these User Terms in their entirety (including all terms and conditions incorporated herein by reference), without your consent, to a corporate affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.

Governing Law; Venue; Fees

The User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, and any disputes arising out of or related hereto, will be governed exclusively by the same applicable governing law of the Contract, without regard to conflicts of laws rules or the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. The courts located in the applicable venue of the Contract will have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising out of or relating to the User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, or its formation, interpretation or enforcement.

Each party hereby consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the User Terms, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable costs and attorney’s fees.

Entire Agreement

The User Terms, including any terms incorporated by reference into the User Terms, constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning its subject matter. To the extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions in these User Terms and any pages referenced in these User Terms, the terms of these User Terms will first prevail; provided, however, that if there is a conflict or inconsistency between the Contract and the User Terms, the terms of the Contract will first prevail, followed by the provisions in these User Terms, and then followed by the pages referenced in these User Terms (e.g., the Privacy Policy). Customer will be responsible for notifying Authorized Users of those conflicts or inconsistencies and until such time the terms set forth herein will be binding.

Contacting Slack

Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Slack’s User Terms of Service. You may contact us at feedback@slack.com or at our mailing address below:

For Customers and Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada:

Slack Technologies
500 Howard Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
USA

For Customers and Authorized Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside the US and Canada:

Slack Technologies Limited
4th Floor, One Park Place
Hatch Street Upper
Dublin 2, Ireland
Snap Group Limited Terms of Service

(If you live outside the United States)

Effective: January 10, 2017

Welcome!

We’re thrilled you’ve decided to use Snapchat and our other products and services, all of which we refer to simply as the “Services.”

We’ve drafted these Terms of Service (which we call the “Terms”) so you’ll know the rules that govern our relationship with you. Although we have tried our best to strip the legalese from the Terms, there are places where these Terms may still read like a traditional contract. There’s a good reason for that: These Terms do indeed form a legally binding contract between you and Snap Group Limited. So please read them carefully.

By using the Services, you agree to the Terms. Of course, if you don’t agree with them, then don’t use the Services.

These Terms apply to you if you live outside the United States or if you are using the Services on behalf of a business located outside the United States. If you live in the United States or are using the Services on behalf of a business located there, the Snap Inc. Terms of Service apply.

ARBITRATION NOTICE: IF YOU’RE USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A BUSINESS, THEN YOUR BUSINESS WILL BE BOUND BY THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE THAT APPEARS LATER IN THESE TERMS.

1. Who Can Use the Services

No one under 13 is allowed to create an account or use the Services. We may offer additional Services with additional terms that may require you to be even older to use them. So please read all terms carefully.

By using the Services, you affirm that:

You can form a binding contract with Snap Group Limited.
You are not a person who is barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the United States, the United Kingdom, or any other applicable jurisdiction—meaning that you do not appear on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or face any other similar prohibition.
You will comply with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules, and regulations.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a business or some other entity, you affirm that you are authorized to grant all licenses set forth in these Terms and to agree to these Terms on behalf of the business or entity.

2. Rights We Grant You

Snap Group Limited grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, nonexclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of letting you use and enjoy the Services’ benefits in a way that these Terms and our usage policies, such as our Community Guidelines, allow.

Any software that we provide you may automatically download and install upgrades, updates, or other new features. You may be able to adjust these automatic downloads through your device’s settings.

You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services. Nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit these restrictions or you have our written permission to do so.

3. Rights You Grant Us

Many of our Services let you create, upload, post, send, receive, and store content. When you do that, you retain whatever ownership rights in that content you had to begin with. But you grant us a license to use that content. How broad that license is depends on which Services you use and the Settings you have selected.

For all Services other than Live, Local, and any other crowd-sourced Service, you grant Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and their affiliates a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish, and distribute that content for as long as you use the Services. This license is for the limited purpose of operating, developing, providing, promoting, and improving the Services and researching and developing new ones.

Because Live, Local, and any other crowd-sourced Services are inherently public and chronicle matters of public interest, the license you grant us for content submitted to those Services is broader. In addition to granting us the rights mentioned in the previous paragraph, you also grant us a license to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, broadcast, syndicate, sublicense, publicly perform, and publicly display content submitted to Live, Local, or any other crowd-sourced Services in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). To the extent it’s necessary, when you appear in, create, upload, post, or send Live, Local, or other crowd-sourced content, you also grant Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and our affiliates and business partners the unrestricted, worldwide right and license to use your name, likeness, and voice. This means, among other things, that you will not be entitled to any compensation from Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., or our affiliates and business partners if your name, likeness, or voice is conveyed through Live, Local, or other crowd-sourced Services, either on the Snapchat application or on one of our business partner’s platforms.

For more information about how to tailor who can watch your content, please take a look at our Privacy Policy and Support Site.

While we’re not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your content at any time and for any reason, including if we think your content violates these Terms. You alone, though, remain responsible for the content you create, upload, post, send, or store through the Services.

The Services may contain advertisements. In consideration for Snap Group Limited letting you access and use the Services, you agree that we, Snap Inc., our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertising on the Services, including personalized advertising based upon the information you provide us or we collect or obtain about you. Because the Services contain content that you and other users provide us, advertising may sometimes appear near your content.

We always love to hear from our users. But if you volunteer feedback or suggestions, just know that we can use your ideas without compensating you.

4. The Content of Others

Much of the content on our Services is produced by users, publishers, and other third parties. Whether that content is posted publicly or sent privately, the content is the sole responsibility of the person or organization that submitted it. Although Snap Group Limited reserves the right to review all content that appears on the Services and to remove any content that violates these Terms, we do not necessarily review all of it. So we cannot—and do not—take responsibility for any content that others provide through the Services.

Through these Terms and our Community Guidelines, we make clear that we do not want the Services put to bad uses. But because we do not review all content, we cannot guarantee that content on the Services will always conform to our Terms or Guidelines.

5. Privacy

Your privacy matters to us. You can learn how your information is handled when you use our Services by reading the Privacy Policy . We encourage you to give the Privacy Policy a careful look because, by using our Services, you agree that your information may be collected and processed by Snap Group Limited in the UK and Snap Inc. in the U.S., as well as their affiliates, and transferred outside of the country in which you reside, including to countries that may not have the same data-protection laws as your country.

6. Respecting Other People’s Rights

Snap Group Limited respects the rights of others. And so should you. You therefore may not use the Services in a manner that:

violates or infringes someone else’s rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual-property right.
bullies, harasses, or intimidates.
defames.
spams or solicits our users.
You must also respect the rights of Snap Group Limited and its affiliates, including Snap Inc. These Terms do not grant you any right to:

use branding, logos, designs, photographs, videos, or any other materials used in our Services.
copy, archive, download, upload, distribute, syndicate, broadcast, perform, display, make available, or otherwise use any portion of the Services or the content on the Services except as set forth in these Terms.
use the Services, any tools provided by the Services, or any content on the Services for any commercial purposes without our consent.
In short: You may not use the Services or the content on the Services in ways that are not authorized by these Terms. Nor may you help anyone else in doing so.

7. Respecting Copyright

We respect copyright law. We therefore take reasonable steps to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of. And if Snap Group Limited becomes aware that one of its users has repeatedly infringed copyrights, we will take reasonable steps within our power to terminate the user’s account.

We make it easy for you to report suspected copyright infringement. If you believe that anything on the Services infringes a copyright that you own or control, please fill out this form. Or you may file a notice with our designated agent:

Snap Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
63 Market Street
Venice, CA 90291
email: copyright@snap.com

If you file a notice with our Copyright Agent, it must:

contain the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed, or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to let us locate the material.
provide your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address.
provide a personal statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
provide a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
8. Safety

We try hard to keep our Services a safe place for all users. But we can’t guarantee it. That’s where you come in. By using the Services, you agree that:

You will not use the Services for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited in these Terms.
You will not use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means or interface to access the Services or extract other user’s information.
You will not use or develop any third-party applications that interact with the Services or other users’ content or information without our written consent.
You will not use the Services in a way that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the Services.
You will not use or attempt to use another user’s account, username, or password without their permission.
You will not solicit login credentials from another user.
You will not post content that contains pornography, graphic violence, threats, hate speech, or incitements to violence.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services.
You will not attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access areas or features of the Services that you are not authorized to access.
You will not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of our Services or any system or network.
You will not encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.
We also care about your safety while using our Services. So do not use our Services in a way that would distract you from obeying traffic or safety laws. For example, never Snap and drive. And never put yourself or others in harm’s way just to capture a Snap.

9. Your Account

You are responsible for any activity that occurs in your Snapchat account. So it’s important that you keep your account secure. One way to do that is to select a strong password that you don’t use for any other account.

By using the Services, you agree that, in addition to exercising common sense:

You will not create more than one account for yourself.
You will not create another account if we have already disabled your account, unless you have our written permission to do so.
You will not buy, sell, rent, or lease access to your Snapchat account, Live, Snaps, a Snapchat username, or a friend link without our written permission.
You will not share your password.
You will not log in or attempt to access the Services through unauthorized third-party applications or clients.
If you think that someone has gained access to your account, please immediately reach out to Snapchat Support.

10. Memories

Memories is our data-storage service that makes it easier for you to reminisce anytime, anywhere. By agreeing to these Terms, you automatically enable Memories. Once Memories is enabled, it will remain enabled for as long as you maintain your Snapchat account. But you can always turn off certain Memories features through Settings.

One of the options we provide with Memories is the ability to create a restricted area by setting a passcode, which might be a PIN or a passphrase or some other mechanism. This is similar to the device-lock option you may be using on your mobile device; by setting a passcode, you make it less likely that another person who gets ahold of your device will be able to see what you saved to the restricted area of Memories. But here’s a big warning: If you lose or forget your Memories passcode, or if you enter the wrong one too many times, you will lose access to any content you saved in the restricted area of Memories. We don’t offer any passcode recovery features for this restricted area. You are solely responsible for remembering your passcode. Please go to our Support Site for more details on passcodes.

Your content in Memories might become unavailable for any number of reasons, including things like an operational glitch or a decision on our end to terminate your account. Since we can’t promise that your content will always be available, we recommend keeping a separate copy of the content you save to Memories.

We make no promise that Memories will be able to accommodate your precise storage needs. We reserve the right to set storage limits for Memories, and we may change these limits from time to time in our sole discretion. And just as with our other Services, your use of Memories may take up space on your device and may incur mobile data charges.

You may not resell any Memories features. This means you can’t do something like use Memories to operate your own file-storage or distribution service for other people.

11. Data Charges and Mobile Phones

You are responsible for any mobile charges that you may incur for using our Services, including text-messaging and data charges. If you’re unsure what those charges may be, you should ask your service provider before using the Services.

If you change or deactivate the mobile phone number that you used to create a Snapchat account, you must update your account information through Settings within 72 hours to prevent us from sending to someone else messages intended for you.

12. Third-Party Services

If you use a service, feature, or functionality that is operated by a third party and made available through our Services (including Services we jointly offer with the third party), each party’s terms will govern the respective party’s relationship with you. Neither Snap Group Limited nor Snap Inc. is responsible or liable for a third party’s terms or actions taken under the third party’s terms.

13. Modifying the Services and Termination

We’re relentlessly improving our Services and creating new ones all the time. That means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities, and we may also suspend or stop the Services altogether. We may take any of these actions at any time, and when we do, we will try to notify you beforehand, but this won’t always be possible.

While we hope you remain a lifelong Snapchatter, you can terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your account.

Snap Group Limited may also terminate these Terms with you at any time, for any reason. And while we’ll try to give you advance notice, we can’t guarantee it. Our right to terminate these Terms means that we may stop providing you with any Services, or impose new or additional limits on your ability to use the Services. For example, we may deactivate your account due to prolonged inactivity, and we may reclaim your username at any time for any reason.

Regardless of who terminates these Terms, both you and Snap Group Limited continue to be bound by Sections 3, 6, 9, 10, and 13-22 of the Terms.

14. Indemnity

You agree, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and our affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees, licensors, and agents from and against any complaints, charges, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) due to, arising out of, or relating in any way to: (a) your access to or use of the Services; (b) your content; and (c) your breach of these Terms.

15. Disclaimers

We try to keep the Services up and running and free of annoyances. But we make no promises that we will succeed.

The Services are provided “as is” and “as available” and to the extent permitted by law without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties, conditions, or other terms relating to merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, non-infringement, or arising from a course of dealing. In addition, while Snap Group Limited attempts to provide a good user experience, we do not represent or warrant that: (a) the Services will always be secure, error-free, or timely; (b) the Services will always function without delays, disruption, or imperfections; or (c) that any content or information you obtain through the Services will be timely or accurate.

Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and their affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any content that you, another user, or a third party creates, uploads, posts, sends, receives, or stores on or through our Services. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to content that might be offensive, illegal, misleading, or otherwise inappropriate, none of which Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., nor their affiliates will be responsible for.

16. Limitation of Liability

When permitted by law, Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., and our affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees, licensors, and agents, will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or multiple damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from: (a) your use of the Services or inability to use the Services; (b) your access to or inability to access the Services; (c) the conduct or content of other users or third parties on or through the Services; or (d) unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your content, even if Snap Group Limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., or their affiliates’ aggregate liability for all claims relating to the Services exceed the greater of £100 GBP or the amount you paid Snap Group Limited, if any, in the last 12 months.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages, so some or all of the exclusions and limitations in this section may not apply to you.

17. Dispute Resolution, Arbitration

If you have a concern, let’s talk. Go ahead and contact us first and we’ll do our best to resolve the issue.

Some of our Services may have additional terms that contain dispute-resolution provisions unique to that Service or your residency.

If you are using the Services on behalf of a business (rather than for your personal use), you and Snap Group Limited agree that to the extent permitted by law, all claims and disputes between us arising out of or relating to these Terms or the use of the Services will be finally settled under the LCIA Arbitration Rules, which are incorporated by reference into this clause. There will be one arbitrator (to be appointed by the LCIA), the arbitration will take place in London, and the arbitration will be conducted in English. If you do not wish to agree to this clause, you must not use the Services.

18. Exclusive Venue

To the extent the parties are permitted under these Terms to initiate litigation in a court, both you and Snap Group Limited agree that all claims and disputes (whether contractual or otherwise) arising out of or relating to the Terms or the use of the Services will be litigated exclusively in the courts of England in the United Kingdom, unless this is prohibited by the laws of the country where you reside. You and Snap Group Limited consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts.

19. Choice of Law

The laws of England and Wales govern these Terms and any claims and disputes (whether contractual or otherwise) arising out of or relating to these Terms or their subject matter. The courts in some countries may not apply the laws of England and Wales to some disputes related to these Terms. If you reside in one of those countries, the laws of your home country may apply to those disputes.

20. Severability

If any provision of these Terms is found unenforceable, then that provision will be severed from these Terms and not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

21. Additional Terms for Specific Services

Given the breadth of our Services, we sometimes need to craft additional terms and conditions for specific Services. Those additional terms and conditions, which will be available with the relevant Services, then become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services. If any part of those additional terms and conditions conflicts with these Terms, the additional terms and conditions will prevail.

22. Final Terms

These Terms (together with any additional terms applicable to specific Services you use) make up the entire agreement between you and Snap Group Limited and supersede any prior agreements.
These Terms do not create or confer any third-party beneficiary rights.
If we do not enforce a provision in these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent.

Terms of Use
ABOUT SPORCLE
SPORCLE STATS
JOBS
FEEDBACK
FAQ
COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
       
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEB SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.

These terms of use ("Terms") apply solely to your access to, and use of, the Web site of Sporcle, Inc. ("Sporcle"), located at www.sporcle.com (the "Site"). If you are using the Site on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity's behalf, and that such entity agrees to indemnify you and Sporcle for violations of these Terms. Nothing in these Terms will be deemed to confer any third party rights or benefits.

Updates to Terms
We reserve the right to change or modify any portion of these Terms, and any policies or guidelines governing your use of the Site, at any time in our sole discretion. Any such changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting of revisions on the Site. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of these Terms the date they were last updated. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of such changes or modifications constitutes your acceptance thereof. Therefore, you should frequently review these Terms and all applicable policies or guidelines on the Site in order to understand the terms and conditions applicable to your use of the Site. If you do not agree to any changes or modifications to these Terms or to any applicable policies or guidelines on the Site, your sole recourse is to stop using the Site.

Description of the Site
Sporcle provides online educational trivia quizzes as well as collaborative game creation and sharing technology.

Registration Data; Account Security
In consideration of your use of the Site, you agree to: (a) provide accurate, current and complete information about you; (b) maintain the security of your password and identification; and (c) accept all responsibility for all activity that occurs under your username. The Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit Content (as defined below) in our sole discretion.

All materials, text, images, photos, video, sounds or other materials including, but not limited to, lists (collectively "Content") that you posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Site, are your sole responsibility.
You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content.
You may not rely on the Content, and that under no circumstances will Sporcle be liable in any way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise made available via the Site.
Your use of the Site and all Content you posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Site is in compliance with the rules set forth in these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations, including any laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from your country of residence and all export control laws.
You may not use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other user's use and enjoyment of the Site.
You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or disseminate any Content that defames, abuses, harasses, stalks, threatens or otherwise violates the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
You may not upload, publish post, distribute or disseminate any Content that is otherwise deemed as pornographic and/or obscene by Sporcle. This includes, but is not limited to, commercial pornography, pedophilia, incest, bestiality, child pornography, or anything similar that violates any applicable laws. Sporcle will report any evidence of child pornography along with all known user identification and information to the relevant law enforcement agencies.
You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or disseminate any Content that promotes hatred towards groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, and sexual orientation/gender identity.
You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or disseminate any Content that impersonates or is intended to impersonate others in a manner that is intended to mislead or does mislead or confuse others.
You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or disseminate any Content that, any form, is protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy and/or publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or disseminate any files that contain viruses, malware, malicious codes, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
You may not use affiliate links to third party sellers who have not approved you into their affiliate programs.
You may not falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of Content that is uploaded, downloaded, published, posted, distributed or disseminated.
You may not use the Site to harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or disseminate any unauthorized private, confidential and personal information about others.
You may not upload, publish, post, distribute or disseminate any Content that is used for unlawful purposes or for the promotion of dangerous and illegal activities.
Disclaimer of Responsibility for Third Party Content; Reservation of Rights
Sporcle takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Content posted or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography, profanity, or objectionable material you may encounter. Your use of the Site is at your own risk. As a provider of interactive services, Sporcle is not liable for any statements, representations, or Content provided by its users. Although we have no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor any Content posted by users (or any other activities of users on the Sites), we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to remove, take down, destroy, or delete any Content at any time and for any reason, including without limitation, Content that we deem inappropriate, offensive, or which we believe may subject us to any liability. We may access, use, and disclose transaction information about your use of our Site, and any Content transmitted by you via or in connection with our Site, to the extent permitted by law, in order to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena); to initiate, render, bill, and collect for our services; to protect our rights or property, or to protect users of our Site from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our Site. INDIRECT OR ATTEMPTED VIOLATIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY RELATED POLICY, GUIDELINE, OR AGREEMENT, AND ACTUAL OR ATTEMPTED VIOLATIONS BY A THIRD PARTY ON YOUR BEHALF SHALL BE CONSIDERED VIOLATIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT BY YOU. Any use of the Site in violation of the foregoing is in violation of these terms and may result in, among other things, the termination or suspension of your rights to use the Site.

Proprietary Rights; Copyrights
This Site is protected to the maximum extent permitted by copyright laws and international treaties. The collective Content and other content displayed on or through the Site, and selective organization of the same, is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyright laws and international conventions (the "Collective Content"). Any reproduction, modification, creation of derivative works from or redistribution of the Collective Content, and/or copying or reproducing the Collective Content or any portion thereof, except as provided below, to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is prohibited without the express written consent of Sporcle. The Collective Content may not be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without either: a) complying with the terms of this Agreement; or b) Sporcle's prior written permission.

Although Sporcle does not claim ownership of Content that its users post, by posting or submitting Content to the Site, you automatically grant and represent and warrant that you have the right to grant to Sporcle an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, modify, adapt, publish, display, translate, and distribute said Content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works said Content and to grant and authorize sublicenses (through multiple tiers) of the foregoing. Furthermore, by posting Content to the Site, as part of the Collective Content, you automatically grant Sporcle all rights necessary to prohibit any subsequent prohibited aggregation, display, copying, duplication, reproduction, or exploitation of the Collective Content by any party for any purpose.

Software
Any software, including any files, images generated by the software, code, and data accompanying the software owned by Sporcle (collectively, "Software"), used or accessible through the Site may be used by you solely for accessing and/or using the site for purposes expressly stated on the Site and these terms, provided that such uses are not competitive with or derogatory to the Site. Sporcle retains full and complete title to and all intellectual property rights in the Software. You agree not to copy, distribute, sell, modify, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or create derivative works from any Software.

Patents
Sporcle's products and processes may be covered by one or more patents and may be subject to other trade secrets and proprietary rights. Sporcle reserves all such rights. No transfer or grant of rights under any patents is made or is to be implied by any provision of these Terms. You agree not to infringe upon such rights or decompile, reverse-engineer, or disassemble any of Sporcle's products or processes.

Trademarks
Sporcle, the Sporcle logo and any other product or service name or slogan contained in the Site are trademarks of Sporcle and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Sporcle or the applicable trademark holder. All page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Sporcle or its affiliates, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Sporcle. Other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, and company names or logos displayed on the Site are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us.

Third Party Sites and Content
We may host or provide links to products, Web pages, Web sites and other Content of third parties ("Third Party Sites and Content"). The inclusion of any link to a Third Party Site or the hosting of any such Content is provided solely as a convenience to our users, including you, and does not imply affiliation, endorsement, approval, control or adoption by us of any Third Party Site or any Content contained therein. We make no claims or representations regarding, and accept no responsibility for such Third Party Sites and Content, or for the quality, accuracy, nature, ownership or reliability thereof. Users, including you, may use these links and the Third Party Sites and Content contained therein at their own risk. When you leave the Site, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any Web site to which you navigate from the Site.

Monitoring; Privacy
You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy with respect to any such communications or postings, and you expressly consent to such monitoring. For information as to how we collect and use personal information we collect on this Site, please see our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that any personal information that you make available on the Site including, but not limited to, your username, your name and the Content you post to the Site are available to the public.

By using the Site, you consent to any transfer of personal information, collected by Sporcle, outside your country for the purposes of storing the information where Sporcle and/or its agents maintain their facilities. You are responsible for protecting and enforcing your rights in and to your Content. No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Content, as provided herein.

Storage
You acknowledge and agree that Sporcle has no responsibility or liability for the deletion of or the failure to store or to transmit any Content maintained by Sporcle and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any Content you post or store on the Site at your sole cost and expense.

Disclaimer of Warranties
UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN WRITING, THE SITE, ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE AND ANY EMAIL SENT FROM US ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND FROM SPORCLE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE, ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE AND/OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM US ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE AVAILABILITY, RELIABILITY OR SECURITY OF THE SITE, ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM US. WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN) WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE AND ANY EMAIL SENT FROM US WHETHER ALLEGED TO ARISE BY OPERATION OF LAW, BY REASON OF CUSTOM OR USAGE IN THE TRADE, BY COURSE OF DEALING OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING: (A) ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY; (B) ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF FITNESS OR SUITABILITY FOR ANY PURPOSE (WHETHER OR NOT WE KNEW, HAVE REASON TO KNOW, HAVE BEEN ADVISED, OR ARE OTHERWISE AWARE OF ANY SUCH PURPOSE); AND (C) ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT OR CONDITION OF TITLE. FURTHER, WE NEITHER REPRESENT NOR WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERROR. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE RELIED ON NO WARRANTIES. THIS DISCLAIMER AND EXCLUSION WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH ABOVE FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL SPORCLE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM US, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR ARE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL OUR TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM US EXCEED THE AGGREGATE OF THE NET AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY US FROM YOU, IF ANY, FOR SOLELY YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE. MULTIPLE CLAIMS WILL NOT EXPAND THIS LIMITATION. THIS SECTION WILL BE GIVEN FULL EFFECT EVEN IF ANY REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THESE TERMS IS DEEMED TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. CERTAIN LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

Indemnification and Release
You will indemnify, defend and hold us and our investors, officers, directors, affiliates, subsidiaries, consultants, contractors, agents, attorneys, employees, and applicable third parties (such as licensors, partners and advertisers) (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all actual or threatened suits, actions, proceedings (at law or in equity), claims (groundless or otherwise), damages, payments, deficiencies, fines, judgments, settlements, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney and expert fees, costs, penalties, interest and disbursements) resulting from any claim (including third party claims), suit, action, or proceeding against a Indemnified Party, whether successful or not, resulting from or arising in connection with: (a) your use of the Site; (b) your conduct; (c) your violation of any provision set forth in these Terms; (e) your violation of the rights of any third party; and/or (f) your Content.

Service Contact
feedback@sporcle.com

Termination/Access Restriction
Sporcle reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your account and your access to the Site, or any portion thereof, and to remove or block access to any user or any user Content at any time without notice for any reason (including, but not limited to, unacceptable Content or for any violation of these Terms) or for no reason.

Consent to Disclose Information
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Sporcle may access, preserve and disclose your account information (including your name and contact information) and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Sporcle, its users and the public.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction
To the maximum extent permitted by law, these Terms are governed by the laws of the state of California and the United States of America. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms including, but not limited to, this paragraph.

The performance of Sporcle per these Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms is in derogation of the right to comply by Sporcle with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of information provided to or gathered by Sporcle with respect to such use.

If any part of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms will continue in effect.

Unless otherwise specified herein, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Sporcle with respect to the Site and these Terms supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Sporcle with respect to the Site.

A printed version of these Terms and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

Notices and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that anything on the Site infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below.

Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: DMCA Agent
Address of Designated Agent to Which Notification Should be Sent: 
3610 Albion Pl N, #102
Seattle, WA 98103
Telephone Number of Designated Agent: (206) 453-4475
E-Mail Address of Designated Agent: admin@sporcle.com

To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice of a claim of copyright infringement to our users by means of a general notice on the Site, electronic mail to a user's email address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's address in our records.

In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable law, Sporcle has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at the sole discretion of Sporcle, account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Sporcle may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Spotify
•	Premium
•	Help
•	Download
•	
•	Sign up
•	Log In
•  Legal 
•  Terms and Conditions of Use 
•  Copyright Policy 
•  Privacy Policy
Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use
Effective as of 1 November 2016
1 Introduction
2 Changes to the Agreements
3 Enjoying Spotify
4 Rights we grant you
5 Third Party Applications
6 User-Generated Content
7 Rights you grant us
8 User guidelines
9 Infringement and reporting User Content
10 Service limitations and modifications
11 Brand Accounts
12 Spotify Support Community
13 Customer support
14 Export control
15 Payments, cancellations, and cooling off
16 Term and termination
17 Warranty and disclaimer
18 Limitation
19 Third party rights
20 Entire agreement
21 Severability and waiver
22 Assignment
23 Indemnification
24 Choice of law, mandatory arbitration and venue
25 Contact us
Hello, and welcome to our Terms and Conditions of Use. This is important and affects your legal rights, so please read them and our Privacy Policy and other terms referenced in this document carefully. We hope you’re sitting comfortably and listening to some great music. Here we go…
1 Introduction
Thanks for choosing Spotify (“Spotify”, “we”, “us”, “our”). By signing up or otherwise using the Spotify service, websites, and software applications (together, the “Spotify Service” or “Service”), or accessing any content or material that is made available by Spotify through the Service (the “Content”) you are entering into a binding contract with the Spotify entity indicated at the bottom of this document. The Spotify Service also includes the Spotify Support Community as further described in the Spotify Support Community section.
The Spotify Service includes social and interactive features. Use of the Spotify Service relies on several technical requirements.
Your agreement with us includes these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) and our Privacy Policy. (The Terms, Privacy Policy, and any additional terms that you agree to, as discussed in the Entire Agreement section, are referred to together as the “Agreements”.) If you wish to review the terms of the Agreements, the effective version of the Agreements can be found on Spotify’s website. You acknowledge that you have read and understood the Agreements, accept these Agreements, and agree to be bound by them. If you don’t agree with (or cannot comply with) the Agreements, then you may not use the Spotify Service or consume any Content.
Please read the Agreements carefully. They cover important information about Spotify Services provided to you and any charges, taxes, and fees we bill you. The Agreements include information about future changes to the Agreements, export controls, automatic renewals, limitations of liability, privacy information, a class action waiver, and resolution of disputes by arbitration instead of in court.
Any information that you provided during sign-up can be corrected during the sign-up process by returning to the previous screens and correcting erroneous information.
In order to use the Spotify Service and access the Content, you need to (1) be 18 or older, or be 13 or older and have your parent or guardian’s consent to the Agreements (except as set forth in the chart below), (2) have the power to enter a binding contract with us and not be barred from doing so under any applicable laws, and (3) be resident in a country where the Service is available. You also promise that any registration information that you submit to Spotify is true, accurate, and complete, and you agree to keep it that way at all times.
If you are a resident of one of the following countries, reference this chart for your country-specific age restrictions:
Country	Age Requirements
Chile, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru	Must be 18 or older, or be 15 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Brazil	Must be 18 or older, or be 16 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Nicaragua, Taiwan	Must be 20 or older, or be 13 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Bulgaria, Hungary, Germany	Must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Italy	Must be 13 or older to use Free Service. To register for a Paid Subscription, you must be 18 or older, or be 13 or older and have parent or guardian consent (your parents/guardians will enter into contract on behalf of you).
Malaysia	Must be 18 or older, or if 13 to 18, parent or guardian consent is required, and guardian enters into agreement.
Lithuania	Must be 13 or older to use Service. For Paid Subscriptions, you must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older with parent or guardian consent. If you are 13 to 18, guardian enters into agreement.
Canada	Must be 13 or older to use Service. For Paid Subscriptions, you must be age of majority in your province or territory of residence, or 13 or older with parent or guardian consent.
Spain	Must be 14 or older to use Free Service. To register for a Paid Subscription, you must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older and have parent or guardian consent (your parents/guardians will enter into contract on behalf of you).
2 Changes to the Agreements
Occasionally we may, in our discretion, make changes to the Agreements. When we make material changes to the Agreements, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Service or by sending you an email. In some cases, we will notify you in advance, and your continued use of the Service after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Service under the new version of the Agreements, you may terminate the Agreements by contacting us through the Customer Service contact form.
3 Enjoying Spotify
Here’s some information about all the ways you can enjoy Spotify.
3.1 Our Services & Paid Subscriptions
Spotify provides streaming services offering a selection of music and other content. Certain Spotify services are provided to you free-of-charge. Other Spotify services require payment before you can access them. The Spotify services that may be accessed after payment are currently referred to as the “Premium Service” and the “Unlimited Service” (together, the “Paid Subscriptions”). The Spotify service that does not require payment is currently referred to as the “Free Service”. You can learn more about our services by visiting our website.
The Unlimited Service may not be available to all users. We will explain which services are available to you when you are signing up for the services. If you cancel your subscription to the Unlimited Service, or if your subscription to the Unlimited Service is interrupted (for example, if you change your payment details), you may not be able to re-subscribe for the Unlimited Service. Note that the Unlimited Service may be discontinued in the future, in which case you will no longer be charged for the Service.
If you reside in Turkey, your access to the Free Service may be limited to a fixed amount of listening hours per month.
3.2 Codes and other pre-paid offers
If you have purchased or received a code, gift card, pre-paid offer or other offer provided or sold by or on behalf of Spotify for access to a Paid Subscription (“Code”), separate terms and conditions presented to you along with the Code may also apply to your access to the Service and you agree to comply with any such terms and conditions.
3.3 Trials
From time to time, we or others on our behalf may offer trials of Paid Subscriptions for a specified period without payment or at a reduced rate (a “Trial”). Spotify reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine your eligibility for a Trial, and, subject to applicable laws, to withdraw or to modify a Trial at any time without prior notice and with no liability, to the greatest extent permitted under the law.
For some Trials, we’ll require you to provide your payment details to start the Trial. AT THE END OF SUCH TRIALS, WE MAY AUTOMATICALLY START TO CHARGE YOU FOR THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION ON THE FIRST DAY FOLLOWING THE END OF THE TRIAL, ON A RECURRING MONTHLY BASIS. BY PROVIDING YOUR PAYMENT DETAILS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE TRIAL, YOU AGREE TO THIS CHARGE USING SUCH PAYMENT DETAILS. IF YOU DO NOT WANT THIS CHARGE, YOU MUST CANCEL THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION THROUGH YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT’S SUBSCRIPTION PAGE OR TERMINATE YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF THE TRIAL. IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO CONTINUE TO BE CHARGED ON A RECURRING MONTHLY BASIS, YOU MUST CANCEL THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION THROUGH YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT’S SUBSCRIPTION PAGE OR TERMINATE YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF THE RECURRING MONTHLY PERIOD. PAID SUBSCRIPTIONS CANNOT BE TERMINATED BEFORE THE END OF THE PERIOD FOR WHICH YOU HAVE ALREADY PAID, AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS, SPOTIFY WILL NOT REFUND ANY FEES THAT YOU HAVE ALREADY PAID. THE LIMITATION SECTION SETS FORTH ADDITIONAL TERMS REGARDING CANCELLATION OF YOUR PAID SUBSCRIPTION.
4 Rights we grant you
The Spotify Service and the Content are the property of Spotify or Spotify's licensors. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable licence to make use of the Spotify Service, and a limited, non-exclusive, revocable licence to make personal, non-commercial, entertainment use of the Content (the “Licence”). This Licence shall remain in effect until and unless terminated by you or Spotify. You promise and agree that you are using the Content for your own personal, non-commercial, entertainment use and that you will not redistribute or transfer the Spotify Service or the Content.
The Spotify software applications and the Content are licensed, not sold, to you, and Spotify and its licensors retain ownership of all copies of the Spotify software applications and Content even after installation on your personal computers, mobile handsets, tablets, and/or other relevant devices (“Devices”).
All Spotify trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, and any other features of the Spotify brand (“Spotify Brand Features”) are the sole property of Spotify or its licensors. The Agreements do not grant you any rights to use any Spotify Brand Features whether for commercial or non-commercial use.
You agree to abide by our User guidelines and not to use the Spotify Service, the Content, or any part thereof in any manner not expressly permitted by the Agreements. Except for the rights expressly granted to you in these Agreements, Spotify grants no right, title, or interest to you in the Spotify Service or Content.
Third party software (for example, open source software libraries) included in the Spotify Service are licensed to you either under the Agreements or under the relevant third party software library’s licence terms as published in the help or settings section of our desktop and mobile client and/or on our website.
5 Third Party Applications
The Spotify Service is integrated with third party applications, websites, and services (“Third Party Applications”) to make available content, products, and/or services to you. These Third Party Applications may have their own terms and conditions of use and privacy policies and your use of these Third Party Applications will be governed by and subject to such terms and conditions and privacy policies. You understand and agree that Spotify does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for the behavior, features, or content of any Third Party Application or for any transaction you may enter into with the provider of any such Third Party Applications.
6 User-Generated Content
Spotify users may post, upload, and/or contribute (“post”) content to the Service (which may include, for example, pictures, text, messages, information, playlist compilations, and/or other types of content) (“User Content”). For the avoidance of doubt, “User Content” includes any such content posted to the Spotify Support Community as well as any other part of the Spotify Service.
You promise that, with respect to any User Content you post on Spotify, (1) you have the right to post such User Content, and (2) such User Content, or its use by Spotify as contemplated by the Agreements, does not violate the Agreements, applicable law, or the intellectual property (including without limitation copyright), publicity, personality, or other rights of others or imply any affiliation with or endorsement of you or your User Content by Spotify or any artist, band, label, entity or individual without express written consent from such individual or entity.
Spotify may, but has no obligation to, monitor, review, or edit User Content. In all cases, Spotify reserves the right to remove or disable access to any User Content for any or no reason, including but not limited to, User Content that, in Spotify’s sole discretion, violates the Agreements. Spotify may take these actions without prior notification to you or any third party. Removal or disabling of access to User Content shall be at our sole discretion, and we do not promise to remove or disable access to any specific User Content.
You are solely responsible for all User Content that you post. Spotify is not responsible for User Content nor does it endorse any opinion contained in any User Content. YOU AGREE THAT IF ANYONE BRINGS A CLAIM AGAINST SPOTIFY RELATED TO USER CONTENT THAT YOU POST, THEN, TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER LOCAL LAW, YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD SPOTIFY HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND EXPENSES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS) ARISING OUT OF SUCH CLAIM.
7 Rights you grant us
In consideration for the rights granted to you under the Agreements, you grant us the right (1) to allow the Spotify Service to use the processor, bandwidth, and storage hardware on your Device in order to facilitate the operation of the Service, (2) to provide advertising and other information to you, and (3) to allow our business partners to do the same. In any part of the Spotify Service, the Content you view, including its selection and placement, may be influenced by commercial considerations, including agreements with third parties. Some Content licensed or provided to Spotify (e.g. podcasts) may contain advertising as part of the Content. In such cases, Spotify will make such Content available to you unmodified.
If you provide feedback, ideas or suggestions to Spotify in connection with the Spotify Service or Content (“Feedback”), you acknowledge that the Feedback is not confidential and you authorize Spotify to use that Feedback without restriction and without payment to you. Feedback is considered a type of User Content.
You grant Spotify a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, perpetual (or, in jurisdictions where this is not permitted, for a term equal to the duration of the Agreements plus twenty (20) years), irrevocable, fully paid, worldwide licence to use, reproduce, make available to the public (e.g. perform or display), publish, translate, modify, create derivative works from, and distribute any of your User Content in connection with the Service through any medium, whether alone or in combination with other content or materials, in any manner and by any means, method or technology, whether now known or hereafter created. Aside from the rights specifically granted herein, you retain ownership of all rights, including intellectual property rights, in the User Content. Where applicable and permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive any “moral rights” (or the equivalent under applicable law) such as your right to be identified as the author of any User Content, including Feedback, and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such User Content.
8 User guidelines
Spotify respects intellectual property rights and expects you to do the same. We’ve established a few ground rules for you to follow when using the Service, to make sure Spotify stays enjoyable for everyone. Please follow these rules and encourage other users to do the same.
The following is not permitted for any reason whatsoever:
•	copying, redistributing, reproducing, “ripping”, recording, transferring, performing or displaying to the public, broadcasting, or making available to the public any part of the Spotify Service or the Content, or otherwise making any use of the Spotify Service or the Content which is not expressly permitted under the Agreements or applicable law or which otherwise infringes the intellectual property rights (such as copyright) in the Spotify Service or the Content or any part of it;
•	using the Spotify Service to import or copy any local files you do not have the legal right to import or copy in this way;
•	transferring copies of cached Content from an authorized Device to any other Device via any means;
•	reverse-engineering, decompiling, disassembling, modifying, or creating derivative works based on the Spotify Service, Content or any part thereof unless permitted by applicable law;
•	circumventing any technology used by Spotify, its licensors, or any third party to protect the Content or the Service;
•	selling, renting, sublicensing or leasing of any part of the Spotify Service or the Content;
•	circumventing any territorial restrictions applied by Spotify or it licensors;
•	artificially increasing play count or otherwise manipulating the Services by using a script or other automated process;
•	removing or altering any copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property notices contained on or provided through the Spotify Service (including for the purpose of disguising or changing any indications of the ownership or source of any Content);
•	providing your password to any other person or using any other person’s username and password;
•	“crawling” the Spotify Service or otherwise using any automated means (including bots, scrapers, and spiders) to collect information from Spotify; or
•	selling a user account or playlist, or otherwise accepting any compensation, financial or otherwise, to influence the name of an account or playlist or the content included on an account or playlist.
Please respect Spotify, the owners of the Content, and other users of the Spotify Service. Don’t engage in any activity, post any User Content, or register and/or use a username, which is or includes material that:
•	is offensive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic, threatening, or obscene;
•	is illegal, or intended to promote or commit an illegal act of any kind, including but not limited to violations of intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or proprietary rights of Spotify or a third party;
•	includes your password or purposely includes any other user’s password or purposely includes personal data of third parties or is intended to solicit such personal data;
•	includes malicious content such as malware, Trojan horses, or viruses, or otherwise interferes with any user’s access to the Service;
•	is intended to or does harass or bully other users;
•	impersonates or misrepresents your affiliation with another user, person, or entity, or is otherwise fraudulent, false, deceptive, or misleading;
•	uses automated means to artificially promote content;
•	involves the transmission of unsolicited mass mailings or other forms of spam (“spam”), junk mail, chain letters, or similar, including through the Spotify inbox;
•	involves commercial or sales activities, such as advertising, promotions, contests, sweepstakes, or pyramid schemes, that are not expressly authorized by Spotify;
•	links to, references, or otherwise promotes commercial products or services, except as expressly authorized by Spotify;
•	interferes with or in any way disrupts the Spotify Service, tampers with, breaches, or attempts to probe, scan, or test for vulnerabilities in the Service or Spotify’s computer systems, network, usage rules, or any of Spotify’s security components, authentication measures or any other protection measures applicable to the Service, the Content or any part thereof; or
•	conflicts with the Agreements, as determined by Spotify.
You acknowledge and agree that posting any such User Content may result in immediate termination or suspension of your Spotify account. You also agree that Spotify may also reclaim your username for any reason.
Please be thoughtful about how you use the Spotify Service and what you share. The Spotify Service includes social and interactive features, including the ability to post User Content, share content, and make certain information about you public. Remember that shared or publicly available information may be used and re-shared by other users on Spotify or across the web, so please use Spotify carefully and be mindful of your account settings. Spotify has no responsibility for your choices to post material on the Service.
Your password protects your user account, and you are solely responsible for keeping your password confidential and secure. You understand that you are responsible for all use of your username and password on the Service. If your username or password is lost or stolen, or if you believe there has been unauthorized access to your account by third parties, please notify us immediately and change your password as soon as possible.
9 Infringement and reporting User Content
Spotify respects the rights of intellectual property owners. If you believe that any Content infringes your intellectual property rights or other rights, see Spotify’s copyright policy. If Spotify is notified by a copyright holder that any Content infringes a copyright, Spotify may in its absolute discretion take actions without prior notification to the provider of that Content. If the provider believes that the content is not infringing, the provider may submit a counter-notification to Spotify with a request to restore the removed content.
If you believe that any Content does not comply with the User guidelines, please fill out our notice form.
10 Service limitations and modifications
Spotify will make reasonable efforts to keep the Spotify Service operational. However, certain technical difficulties or maintenance may, from time to time, result in temporary interruptions. To the extent permissible under applicable law, Spotify reserves the right, periodically and at any time, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the Spotify Service, with or without notice, all without liability to you, except where prohibited by law, for any interruption, modification, or discontinuation of the Spotify Service or any function or feature thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have prepaid fees for Paid Subscriptions that Spotify permanently discontinues prior to the end of the Pre-Paid Period (defined in the Payments, cancellations, and cooling off section), Spotify will refund you the prepaid fees for the Pre-Paid Period after such discontinuation. You understand, agree, and accept that Spotify has no obligation to maintain, support, upgrade, or update the Service, or to provide all or any specific content through the Service. This section will be enforced to the extent permissible by applicable law. Spotify and/or the owners of any Content may, from time to time, remove any such Content without notice to the extent permitted by applicable law.
11 Brand Accounts
If you establish a Spotify account on behalf of a company, organization, entity, or brand (a “Brand”, and such account a “Brand Account”), the terms “you” and “your”, as used throughout the Agreements, apply to both you and the Brand, as applicable.
If you open a Brand Account, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licences provided in the Agreements and to bind the Brand to the Agreements.
11.1 Following
The Brand may only follow users who first follow the Brand; and the Brand may not take any action that implies an endorsement or relationship between the Brand and the followed user, unless the Brand has independently obtained the rights to imply such an endorsement. Upon Spotify’s request, in its sole discretion, a Brand must cease following a user.
11.2 Listening
The Brand may not stream media.
11.3 Messaging
The Brand may only send messages to users who first send messages to the Brand.
11.4 Brand Playlists and Sharing
The Brand may not create or share any Spotify playlists, whether within the Spotify Service or elsewhere, that imply an endorsement or relationship between the Brand and any artist or any other party, unless the Brand has independently obtained the rights to imply such an endorsement. Brands may wish to consult Spotify’s Brand Playlist Guidelines.
12 Spotify Support Community
The Spotify Support Community is a place for discussions and exchange of information, tips, and other materials related to the Spotify Service. In order to use the Spotify Support Community, you must (1) have an existing Spotify account; and (2) authenticate your Spotify account for use on the Support Community (a “Spotify Support Account”). Instructions for creating a Spotify Support Account can be found on the Community registration page. In addition to the Agreements, you also agree to adhere to the Spotify Support Community Guidelines that you will be presented with upon registration (the “Support Community Guidelines”) when using the Spotify Support Community. If you do not agree to the Agreements or the Support Community Guidelines, you may not use the Spotify Support Community.
12.1 Spotify Support Accounts
By creating a Spotify Support Account, you confirm that any registration information that you submit to Spotify is true, accurate, and complete and that you will update such information in order to keep it current. It is strictly prohibited to include information in your profile that suggests that you are a Spotify employee or moderator or to otherwise pose as such an employee or moderator when using the Spotify Support Community. You also acknowledge and agree that Spotify may remove or reclaim your username at any time if Spotify in its absolute discretion considers such action appropriate.
12.2 No official support
No User Content or other content posted by Spotify employees, moderators and/or representatives on the Spotify Support Community should be construed as official support provided by Spotify. For details regarding official support, see the section Customer Support. Any content provided or made available to you on the Spotify Support Community by Spotify employees, moderators, and/or representatives is provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind.
You acknowledge that opinions expressed in User Content on the Spotify Support Community are those of contributors of such User Content only and do not reflect the opinions or policies of Spotify or any of its officers, shareholders, employees, agents, directors, subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, or licensors.
12.3 Reward Program
The Spotify Support Community features a reward system whereby Spotify, in its sole discretion, may reward users based on the amount of “Kudos” received or quality of responses by a user. You agree to only give Kudos to other users (and not to yourself) and only when deserved, and to refrain from any attempts to manipulate the reward system, e.g., by creating multiple accounts or artificial responses. You acknowledge that Spotify’s decision in respect of any reward shall be final and binding.
13 Customer support
For customer support with account-related and payment-related questions (“Customer Support Queries”), please submit a ticket to our customer service department using the Customer Service contact form on the About Us section of our website. We will use reasonable endeavours to respond to all Customer Support Queries within a reasonable time frame but we make no guarantees or warranties of any kind that any Customer Support Queries will be responded to within any particular time frame and/or that we will be able to satisfactorily answer any such queries.
14 Export control
Spotify’s products may be subject to U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations or similar laws applicable in other jurisdictions, including the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) maintained by the Department of State. You warrant that you are (1) not located in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria; and (2) are not a denied party as specified in the regulations listed above.
You agree to comply with all applicable export and reexport control laws and regulations, including the EAR, trade and economic sanctions maintained by OFAC, and the ITAR. Specifically, you agree that you shall not – directly or indirectly – sell, export, reexport, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any products, software, or technology (including products derived from or based on such technology) received from Spotify under the Agreements to any destination, entity, or person prohibited by any applicable laws or regulations of the United States or any other jurisdiction without obtaining prior authorization from the competent government authorities as required by those laws and regulations. This export control clause shall survive termination or cancellation of the Agreements.
15 Payments, cancellations, and cooling off
Paid Subscriptions can be purchased directly from Spotify or through a third party, such as a telephone company, either by (1) paying a monthly subscription fee; or (2) pre-payment giving you access to the Spotify Service for a specific time period (“Pre-Paid Period”). If you have purchased a Paid Subscription using a Code, your Paid Subscription will automatically terminate at the end of the Pre-Paid Period, or when there is an insufficient pre-paid balance to pay for the Service.
When you register for a Paid Subscription, Trial, or Code online, you consent to get access to Spotify Premium immediately. If you reside outside the United States and register for a Paid Subscription or Code online, you may change your mind for any or no reason and receive a full refund of all monies paid within fourteen (14) days starting from the day you sign-up for the relevant service (the “Cooling-off Period”). Refunds will not, however, be provided if you have accessed Spotify at any time during the Cooling-off Period.
Unless your Paid Subscription has been purchased as a Pre-Paid Period, your payment to Spotify will automatically renew at the end of the subscription period, unless you cancel your Paid Subscription through your subscription page before the end of the current subscription period. The cancellation will take effect the day after the last day of the current subscription period, and you will be downgraded to the Free Service. However, if you cancel your payment or Paid Subscription and/or terminate any of the Agreements (1) after you have accessed Spotify during the Cooling-off Period, or (2) after the Cooling-off Period is over (where applicable), or (3) before the end of the current subscription period, we will not refund any subscription fees already paid to us. The refund method will depend upon the payment method.
If you wish to receive a full refund of all monies paid before the Cooling-off Period is over, you must contact Customer Support.
If you have purchased your Paid Subscription through a third party, your subscription is also subject to the terms of your agreement with that third party (in addition to these Terms). To cancel your subscription, you must cancel directly with that third party.
Spotify may change the price for the Paid Subscriptions, Pre-Paid Period (for periods not yet paid for), or Codes from time to time, and will communicate any price changes to you in advance and, if applicable, how to accept those changes. Price changes for Paid Subscriptions will take effect at the start of the next subscription period following the date of the price change. As permitted by local law, you accept the new price by continuing to use the Spotify Service after the price change takes effect. If you do not agree with the price changes, you have the right to reject the change by unsubscribing from the Spotify Service prior to the price change going into effect. Please therefore make sure you read any such notification of price changes carefully.
16 Term and termination
The Agreements will continue to apply to you until terminated by either you or Spotify. However, you acknowledge and agree that the perpetual licence granted by you in relation to User Content, including Feedback, is irrevocable and will therefore continue after expiry or termination of any of the Agreements for any reason. Spotify may terminate the Agreements or suspend your access to the Spotify Service at any time, including in the event of your actual or suspected unauthorised use of the Spotify Service and/or Content, or non-compliance with the Agreements. If you or Spotify terminate the Agreements, or if Spotify suspends your access to the Spotify Service, you agree that Spotify shall have no liability or responsibility to you and Spotify will not refund any amounts that you have already paid, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. To learn how to terminate your Spotify account, please contact us through the Customer Service contact form which is available on our About Us page. This section will be enforced to the extent permissible by applicable law. You may terminate the Agreements at any time.
Sections 6, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, and 24 herein, as well as any other sections of the Agreements that, either explicitly or by their nature, must remain in effect even after termination of the Agreements, shall survive termination.
17 Warranty and disclaimer
WE ENDEAVOUR TO PROVIDE THE BEST SERVICE WE CAN, BUT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. YOU USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SPOTIFY AND ALL OWNERS OF THE CONTENT MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER SPOTIFY NOR ANY OWNER OF CONTENT WARRANTS THAT THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS FREE OF MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. IN ADDITION, SPOTIFY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION NOR DOES IT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS (OR THE CONTENT THEREOF), USER CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY ON OR THROUGH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SPOTIFY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OF THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ADVERTISED ON OR THROUGH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE. AS WITH ANY PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION WHETHER ORAL OR IN WRITING OBTAINED BY YOU FROM SPOTIFY SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY ON BEHALF OF SPOTIFY IN THIS REGARD. SOME ASPECTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY IN SOME JURISDICTIONS IF PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
THIS DOES NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER.
18 Limitation
YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS TO UNINSTALL ANY SPOTIFY SOFTWARE AND TO STOP USING THE SPOTIFY SERVICE. WHILE SPOTIFY ACCEPTS NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT THEREOF, AND WHILE YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS MAY BE GOVERNED BY SEPARATE AGREEMENTS WITH SUCH THIRD PARTIES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AS WITH RESPECT TO SPOTIFY, FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT THEREOF, IS TO UNINSTALL AND/OR STOP USING ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SPOTIFY, ITS OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (1) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (2) ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS (WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT), IN ALL CASES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER SPOTIFY HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; OR (3) AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT MORE THAN THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO SPOTIFY DURING THE PRIOR TWELVE MONTHS IN QUESTION, TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Nothing in the Agreements removes or limits Spotify’s liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by its negligence, and, if required by applicable law, gross negligence. Some aspects of this section may not apply in some jurisdictions if prohibited by applicable law.
19 Third party rights
You acknowledge and agree that the owners of the Content and certain distributors (such as app store providers) are intended beneficiaries of the Agreements and have the right to enforce the Agreements directly against you. Other than as set out in this section, the Agreements are not intended to grant rights to anyone except you and Spotify, and in no event shall the Agreements create any third party beneficiary rights. Furthermore, the rights to terminate, rescind, or agree to any variation, waiver, or settlement of the Agreements are not subject to the consent of any other person.
If you have downloaded the App from the Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) App Store or if you are using the App on an iOS device, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the following notice regarding Apple. This Agreement is between you and Spotify only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Service and the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Service. In the event of any failure of the Service to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the App to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Service. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Service or your possession and/or use of the Service, including, but not limited to: (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim that the Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (3) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third party claim that the Service and/or your possession and use of the App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third party terms, when using the Service. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary of this Agreement. You hereby represent and warrant that (1) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (2) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
20 Entire agreement
Other than as stated in this section or as explicitly agreed upon in writing between you and Spotify, the Agreements constitute all the terms and conditions agreed upon between you and Spotify and supersede any prior agreements in relation to the subject matter of these Agreements, whether written or oral.
Please note, however, that other aspects of your use of the Spotify Service may be governed by additional agreements. That could include, for example, access to the Spotify Service as a result of a gift card or free or discounted Trials. When you are presented with an offer for such aspects of your use, you will be presented with any related additional agreement, and you may have an opportunity to agree to additional terms. Some of those additional terms are listed on Spotify’s website. To the extent that there is any irreconcilable conflict between any additional terms and these Terms, the additional terms shall prevail.
21 Severability and waiver
Unless as otherwise stated in the Agreements, should any provision of the Agreements be held invalid or unenforceable for any reason or to any extent, such invalidity or enforceability shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreements, and the application of that provision shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.
Any failure by Spotify or any third party beneficiary to enforce the Agreements or any provision thereof shall not waive Spotify’s or the applicable third party beneficiary’s right to do so.
22 Assignment
Spotify may assign the Agreements or any part of them, and Spotify may delegate any of its obligations under the Agreements. You may not assign the Agreements or any part of them, nor transfer or sub-license your rights under the Agreements, to any third party.
23 Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Spotify harmless from and against all damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising out of: (1) your breach of this Agreement; (2) any User Content; (3) any activity in which you engage on or through the Spotify Service; and (4) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
24 Choice of law, mandatory arbitration and venue
24.1 Governing Law / Jurisdiction
Unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction, the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with them) are subject to the laws of the state or country listed below, without regard to choice or conflicts of law principles.
Further, you and Spotify agree to the jurisdiction of the courts listed below to resolve any dispute, claim, or controversy that arises in connection with the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with them). (In some cases, that jurisdiction will be “exclusive”, meaning that no other countries’ courts can preside over the matter; have jurisdiction; in other cases, the jurisdiction is “non-exclusive”, meaning that other countries’ courts may have jurisdiction as well. This is indicated in the chart as well.)
Country	Choice of Law	Jurisdiction
Poland, Italy	Laws of Sweden	Exclusive; Courts of Local Country
Turkey	Laws of Sweden	Non-exclusive; Courts and other tribunals in the Republic of Turkey
Brazil	Laws of Brazil	Exclusive; State and Federal Courts of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, Brazil
Canada	Laws of the Province of Ontario	Exclusive; Courts of Ontario, Canada
United States, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay	State of California, United States	Exclusive; State and Federal Courts of San Francisco County, CA or New York, NY
Estonia, Hong Kong, Latvia, Lithuania	Laws of Sweden	Non-exclusive; Courts of Sweden
Spain	Laws of Spain	Exclusive; Courts of the consumer’s current domicile in Spain.
All remaining countries	Laws of Sweden	Exclusive; Courts of Sweden
Spotify does not accept any codes of conduct as mandatory in connection with the services provided under these Agreements.
24.2 CLASS ACTION WAIVER
WHERE PERMITTED UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND SPOTIFY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. Unless both you and Spotify agree, no arbitrator or judge may consolidate more than one person’s claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
24.3 ARBITRATION
If you are located in, are based in, have offices in, or do business in a jurisdiction in which this Section 24.3. is enforceable, the following mandatory arbitration provisions apply to you:
24.3.1 Dispute resolution and arbitration
You and Spotify agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and Spotify arising in connection with or relating in any way to these Agreements or to your relationship with Spotify as a user of the Service (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether the claims arise during or after the termination of the Agreements) will be determined by mandatory binding individual arbitration. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED. There may be more limited discovery than in court. The arbitrator must follow this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorney fees), except that the arbitrator may not award declaratory or injunctive relief benefiting anyone but the parties to the arbitration. This arbitration provision will survive termination of the Agreements.
24.3.2 Exceptions
Notwithstanding clause (24.3.1) above, you and Spotify both agree that nothing herein will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit either of our rights, at any time, to (1) bring an individual action in small claims court, (2) pursue enforcement actions through applicable federal, state, or local agencies where such actions are available, (3) seek injunctive relief in a court of law, or (4) to file suit in a court of law to address intellectual property infringement claims.
24.3.3 Arbitration rules
Either you or we may start arbitration proceedings. Any arbitration between you and Spotify will be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the “ICC”) then in force (the “ICC Rules”) by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules, as modified by these Agreements, and will be administered by the International Court of Arbitration of the ICC.
Any arbitration will be conducted in the English language and unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction, the law to be applied in any arbitration shall be the law of the State of California, United States, without regard to choice or conflicts of law principles.
24.3.4 Time for filing
Any arbitration must be commenced by filing a demand for arbitration within ONE (1) YEAR after the date the party asserting the claim first knows or reasonably should know of the act, omission, or default giving rise to the claim; and there shall be no right to any remedy for any claim not asserted within that time period. If applicable law prohibits a one-year limitation period for asserting claims, any claim must be asserted within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law.
24.3.5 Notice; Process
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other, by certified mail or Federal Express (signature required), or in the event that we do not have a physical address on file for you, by electronic mail ("Notice"). Spotify's address for Notice is: Spotify, Attn: General Counsel, 45 W. 18th Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10011, USA. The Notice must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (2) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand"). We agree to use good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if we do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Spotify may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Spotify shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. In the event our dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor, Spotify shall pay you (1) the amount awarded by the arbitrator, if any, (2) the last written settlement amount offered by Spotify in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award; or (3) $1,000.00, whichever is greater. All documents and information disclosed in the course of the arbitration shall be kept strictly confidential by the recipient and shall not be used by the recipient for any purpose other than for purposes of the arbitration or the enforcement of arbitrator’s decision and award and shall not be disclosed except in confidence to persons who have a need to know for such purposes or as required by applicable law. Except as required to enforce the arbitrator’s decision and award, neither you nor Spotify shall make any public announcement or public comment or originate any publicity concerning the arbitration, including, but not limited to, the fact that the parties are in dispute, the existence of the arbitration, or any decision or award of the arbitrator.
24.3.6 Modifications
In the event that Spotify makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to Spotify's address for Notice), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Spotify's address for Notice, in which case your account with Spotify shall be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject, shall survive.
24.3.7 Enforceability
If the class action waiver at Section 24.2 is found to be unenforceable in arbitration or if any part of this Section 24.3 is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 24.3 shall be null and void and, in such case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 24.1 shall govern any action arising out of or related to the Agreements.
25 Contact us
If you have any questions concerning the Spotify Service or the Agreements, please contact Spotify customer service by visiting the About Us section of our website.
If you are a California resident, you may have the Agreements mailed to you electronically by sending a letter to Spotify, Attn: General Counsel, 45 West 18th Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10011, USA with your email address and a request for the Agreements. In addition, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at 1-800-952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the service or to receive further information regarding use of the service.
Thank you for reading our Terms. We hope you enjoy Spotify!
Contracting entity:
Spotify AB
Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 Stockholm
Sweden
SE556703748501
© Spotify AB.
Spotify
COMPANY
•	About
•	Jobs
•	Press
•	News
COMMUNITIES
•	For Artists
•	Developers
•	Brands
USEFUL LINKS
•	Help
•	Gift
•	Web Player
•	Instagram
•	Twitter
•	Facebook
•	Legal
•	Privacy
•	Cookies
•	About Ads
•	Modern Slavery Act

United Kingdom
© 2017 Spotify AB


TERMS OF SERVICE

Effective Date: August 1, 2017
The terms of this agreement ("Terms of Service") govern the relationship between you and Supercell Oy., a Finnish company (business ID 2336509-6) having its registered office at Itämerenkatu 11, 00180 Helsinki, Finland, (hereinafter "Supercell" or "Us" or "We") regarding your use of Supercell's games, websites and related services (the "Service"). Use of the Service is also governed by Supercell's Privacy Policy and other relevant policies, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Before accessing or using the Service, including browsing any Supercell website or accessing a game, you must agree to these Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy. You may also be required to register an account on the Service (an "Account"). By registering for an Account or otherwise using the Service, you represent that you are age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms. If you access the Service from a Social Networking Site ("SNS"), such as Facebook or Google+, you shall comply with its terms of service/use as well as these Terms of Service.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICE. USE OF THE SERVICE IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
Supercell reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Service,  its Privacy Policy and other relevant Supercell policies at any time by posting the amended terms on the Supercell Service. You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Service. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the then-current version of our Terms of Service, the Supercell Privacy Policy, or any other Supercell policy, rules or codes of conduct relating to your use of the Service, your license to use the Service shall immediately terminate, and you must immediately stop using the Service.
1. License
1.1. Grant of a Limited License to Use the Service
Subject to your agreement and continuing compliance with these Terms of Service and any other relevant Supercell policies, Supercell grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable and limited license to access and use the Service for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the Service for any other purpose.
The following restrictions apply to the use of the Service:
You shall not create an Account or access the Service if you are under the age of 13; You shall restrict use by minors, and you will deny access to children under the age of 13. You accept full responsibility for any unauthorized use of the Service by minors. You are responsible for any use of your credit card or other payment instrument (e.g. paypal) by minors.
You shall not (or attempt to) purchase, sell, rent or give away your Account, create an Account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself; You shall not use the Service if you have previously been removed by Supercell, or previously been banned from playing any Supercell game.
You shall use your Account only for non-commercial purposes; You shall not use the Service to advertise, or solicit, or transmit any commercial advertisements, including chain letters, junk or spam e-mail or repetitive or misleading messages to anyone.
Login information and Your Account
You may be required to select a password for your Account or you may also use other credentials to access the Account ("Login Information"). You shall not share the Account or the Login Information, nor let anyone else access your Account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your Account. In the event you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, including without limitation any loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of the Login Information, you must immediately notify Supercell and modify your Login Information. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Information, and you will be responsible for all uses of the Login Information, including purchases, whether or not authorized by you. You are responsible for anything that happens through your Account.
Supercell reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to claims by a third party that a username violates the third party's rights.
The Service supports only one Account per game on a supported device.
License Limitations
Any use of the Service in violation of these License Limitations is strictly prohibited, can result in the immediate revocation of your limited license and may subject you to liability for violations of law.
You agree that you will not, under any circumstances:
Engage in any act that Supercell deems to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of the Service or make improper use of Supercell's support services.
Use or take part (directly or indirectly) in the use of cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized third-party software designed to modify or interfere with the Service, any Supercell game or any Supercell game experience.
Modify or cause to be modified any files that are a part of the Service or any Supercell game without Supercell's express written consent.
Disrupt, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect the normal flow of the Service or otherwise act in a manner that may negatively affect other users' experience when using the Service or playing Supercell's games. This includes win trading and any other kind of manipulation of rankings, taking advantage of errors in the Service to gain an unfair edge over other players and any other act that intentionally abuses or goes against the design of the Service.
Disrupt, overburden, or aid or assist in the disruption or overburdening of any computer or server ("Server") used to offer or support the Service or any Supercell game environment.
Institute, assist, or become involved in any type of attack, including without limitation distribution of a virus, denial of service attacks upon the Service, or other attempts to disrupt the Service or any other person's use or enjoyment of the Service.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service, Accounts registered to others or to the computers, Servers, or networks connected to the Service by any means other than the user interface provided by Supercell, including but not limited to, by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person to circumvent or modify, any security, technology, device, or software that is part of the Service.
Post any information that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously, or otherwise objectionable or offensive or engage in ongoing toxic behavior, such as by repeatedly posting information on an unsolicited basis.
Post any information that contains nudity, excessive violence, or offensive subject matter or that contains a link to such content.
Attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person, group, including Supercell employees, including Supercell's customer service representatives.
Make available through the Service any material or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or other right of any person or entity or impersonates any other person, including without limitation a Supercell employee.
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for any underlying software or other intellectual property used to provide the Service or any Supercell game, or to obtain any information from the Service or any Supercell game using any method not expressly permitted by Supercell.
Solicit or attempt to solicit Login Information or any other login credentials or personal information from other users of the Service or any Supercell game.
Collect or post anyone's private information, including personally identifiable information (whether in text, image or video form), identification documents, or financial information through the Service.
Supercell reserves the right to determine what conduct it considers to be in violation of the rules of use or otherwise outside the intent or spirit of these Terms of Service or the Service itself. Supercell reserves the right to take action as a result, which may include terminating your Account and prohibiting you from using the Service in whole or in part.
1.2. Suspension and Termination of Account and Service
WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER REMEDIES, SUPERCELL MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY, OR DELETE ACCOUNTS OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE OR PORTIONS THEREOF IF YOU ARE, OR SUPERCELL SUSPECTS THAT YOU ARE, FAILING TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR FOR ANY ACTUAL OR SUSPECTED ILLEGAL OR IMPROPER USE OF THE SERVICE, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. YOU CAN LOSE YOUR USER NAME AND PERSONA IN THE SERVICE AS A RESULT OF ACCOUNT TERMINATION OR LIMITATION, AS WELL AS ANY BENEFITS, PRIVILEGES, EARNED ITEMS AND PURCHASED ITEMS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, AND SUPERCELL IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY SUCH LOSSES OR RESULTS.
WITHOUT LIMITING OUR OTHER REMEDIES, WE MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE THE SERVICE AND USER ACCOUNTS OR PORTIONS THEREOF, PROHIBIT ACCESS TO OUR GAMES AND SITES, AND THEIR CONTENT, SERVICES AND TOOLS, DELAY OR REMOVE HOSTED CONTENT, AND TAKE TECHNICAL AND LEGAL STEPS TO PREVENT USERS FROM ACCESSING THE SERVICE IF WE BELIEVE THAT THEY ARE CREATING RISK OR POSSIBLE LEGAL LIABILITIES, INFRINGING THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR ACTING INCONSISTENTLY WITH THE LETTER OR SPIRIT OF OUR TERMS OR   POLICIES. ADDITIONALLY, WE MAY, IN APPROPRIATE CIRCUMSTANCES AND AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE ACCOUNTS OF USERS WHO MAY BE REPEAT INFRINGERS OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
SUPERCELL RESERVES THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE ANY ACCOUNT THAT HAS BEEN INACTIVE FOR 180 DAYS.
Supercell reserves the right to stop offering and/or supporting the Service or a particular game or part of the Service at any time, at which point your license to use the Service or a part thereof will be automatically terminated. In such event, Supercell shall not be required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation to users in connection with such discontinued Service. Termination of your Account can include disabling your access to the Service or any part thereof including any content you submitted or others submitted.
You may terminate your Account at any time and for any reason by following the process described on our support page located at https://support.supercell.com/ informing Supercell that you wish to terminate your Account.
2. Ownership
2.1. Games and Service
All rights, title and interest in and to the Service (including without limitation any games, titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialogue, catch phrases, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, documentation, in-game chat transcripts, character profile information, recordings of games played using a Supercell game client, and the Supercell game clients and server software) are owned by Supercell. Supercell reserves all rights, including without limitation, all intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, in connection with its games and the Service.
2.2. Accounts
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU SHALL HAVE NO OWNERSHIP OR OTHER PROPERTY INTEREST IN THE ACCOUNT, AND YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL RIGHTS IN AND TO THE ACCOUNT ARE AND SHALL FOREVER BE OWNED BY AND INURE TO THE BENEFIT OF SUPERCELL.
2.3. Virtual Items
Supercell owns, has licensed, or otherwise has rights to use all of the content that appears in the Service or in Supercell games. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, you agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears in the Service, including without limitation the virtual goods or currency appearing or originating in any Supercell game, whether earned in a game or purchased from Supercell, or any other attributes associated with an Account or stored on the Service.
3. User Content
3.1. Submission of User Content
"User Content" means any communications, images, sounds, and all the material, data, and information that you upload or transmit through a Supercell game client or the Service, or that other users upload or transmit, including without limitation any chat text. By transmitting or submitting any User Content while using the Service, you affirm, represent and warrant that such transmission or submission is (a) accurate and not confidential or misleading; (b) not in violation of any laws, contractual restrictions or other third party rights, and that you have permission from any third party whose personal information or intellectual property is comprised in the User Content; (c) free of viruses, adware, spyware, worms or other malicious code; and (d) you acknowledge and agree that any of your personal information within such content will at all times be processed by Supercell in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
3.1.1. Content Screening
Supercell assumes no responsibility for the conduct of any user submitting any User Content, and assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Service for inappropriate content or conduct. We do not, and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all User Content. Your use of the Service is at your own risk. By using the Service, you may be exposed to User Content that is offensive, indecent or otherwise not in line with your expectations. You bear all risks associated with the use of any User Content available in connection with the Service. At our discretion, our representatives or technology may monitor and/or record your interaction with the Service or communications (including without limitation chat text) when you are using the Service.
By entering into these Terms of Service, you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and recording. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of any User Content, including without limitation chat text or voice communications.
Supercell reserves the right in its sole discretion to review, monitor, prohibit, edit, delete, disable access to or otherwise make unavailable any User Content (including without limitation your User Content) without notice for any reason or for no reason at any time. If at any time Supercell chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Service, Supercell nonetheless assumes no responsibility for User Content and assumes no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate User Content. We have the right, but not the obligation, in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or remove any User Content.
3.2. Information Use by Other Members of the Service
3.2.1. Public Discourse
The Service may include various forums, blogs and chat features where you can post User Content, including your observations and comments on designated topics. Supercell cannot guarantee that other members will not use the ideas and information that you share. Therefore, if you have an idea or information that you would like to keep confidential and/or don't want others to use, do not post it on the Service. Supercell shall have no responsibility to evaluate, use or compensate you for any ideas or information you may choose to submit.
3.2.2. Responsible For Your Own Content
You are solely responsible for the information that you post on, through or in connection with the Service and that you provide to others. Supercell may reject, refuse to post or delete any User Content for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, User Content that in the sole judgment of Supercell violates these Terms of Service.
3.2.3. Your License to Supercell
You hereby grant to Supercell an irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide license (including the right to sublicense and assign to third party) and right to copy, reproduce, fix, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, manufacture, commercialize, publish, distribute, sell, license, sublicense, transfer, lease, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, or provide access to electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public by telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and use and practice, in any way, your User Content as well as all modified and derivative works thereof in connection with our provision of the Service, including marketing and promotions of the Service. You also hereby grant to Supercell the right to authorize others to exercise any of the rights granted to Supercell under these Terms of Service. You further hereby grant to Supercell the unconditional, irrevocable right to use and exploit your name, likeness and any other information or material included in any User Content and in connection with any User Content, without any obligation to you. Except as prohibited by law, you waive any rights of attribution and/or any moral rights you may have in your User Content, regardless of whether your User Content is altered or changed in any manner. Supercell does not claim any ownership rights in your User Content and nothing in these Terms of Service is intended to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content. Supercell has no obligation to monitor or enforce your intellectual property rights in or to your User Content.
3.4. User Interactions
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Service and any other parties with whom you interact through the Service and/or Supercell games. Supercell reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes. You will fully cooperate with Supercell to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity, including, without limitation, granting Supercell access to any password-protected portions of your Account.
If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
4. Fees and Purchase Terms
4.1.Purchases
In the Service you may purchase, with "real world" money, a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use (a) "virtual currency", including but not limited to virtual cash or diamonds, all for use in Supercell games; (b) "virtual in-game items" (together with "virtual currency", "Virtual Items"); and (c) other goods or services ("Merchandise"). You are only allowed to purchase Virtual Items from us or our authorised partners through the Service, and not in any other way.
Supercell may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items and/or Merchandise at any time, with or without notice. Supercell shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Supercell exercises any such rights.
The transfer of Virtual Items and Merchandise is prohibited except where expressly authorized in the Service. Other than as expressly authorized in the Service, you shall not sell, purchase, redeem or otherwise transfer Virtual Items or Merchandise to any person or entity or attempt any of the aforesaid, including but not limited to Supercell, another user or any third party.
ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS MADE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.
The provision of Virtual Items for use in Supercell games is a service provided by Supercell that commences immediately upon acceptance by Supercell of your purchase.
4.2. Payment of Fees
You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an Account registered to you. Supercell may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the Service at any time. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SUPERCELL IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.
5. Updates to the Service
You understand that the Service is an evolving one. Supercell may require that you accept updates to the Service and to Supercell's games you have installed on your device or computer. You acknowledge and agree that Supercell may update the Service and Supercell games, with or without notifying you. You may need to update third party software from time to time in order to receive the Service and play Supercell games.
6. Disclaimer of Warranties
WITHOUT LIMITING SUPERCELL'S LIABILITY UNDER SECTION 7 BELOW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND THOSE ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. SUPERCELL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS OR USE      THE SERVICE AT THE TIMES OR LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING; THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE GAME OR THE SERVICE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties. Accordingly, some of the above disclaimers may not apply to you.
7. Limitation of Liability; Sole and Exclusive Remedy; Indemnification
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SUPERCELL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF REVENUES, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (HOWEVER SUCH LOSSES ARE QUALIFIED), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE SERVICE ITSELF, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT SUPERCELL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, SUPERCELL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO SUPERCELL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT A CLAIM. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID ANYTHING TO SUPERCELL DURING SUCH TIME PERIOD, YOUR SOLE REMEDY (AND SUPERCELL'S EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY) FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH SUPERCELL IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL AFFECT THE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF ANY CONSUMER OR EXCLUDE OR RESTRICT ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF SUPERCELL OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM ANY NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD OF SUPERCELL.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Supercell (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other losses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third-party resulting from or arising out of your use of the Service, or any breach by you of these Terms of Service, however the foregoing does not apply if the infringement of rights is not attributable to your intentional or negligent behavior.
8. Dispute Resolution and Law
If a dispute arises between you and Supercell, we strongly encourage you to first contact us directly to seek a resolution by going to our customer support site at https://support.supercell.com/. If you are a resident of the United States, these Terms of Service and any dispute arising out of or related to it or Privacy Policy or the Service shall be governed in all respects by California law, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Supercell must be resolved exclusively by a court located in San Francisco, California. If you are a resident outside of the United States, you agree that all disputes between you and Supercell shall be governed by the laws of Finland, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Supercell must be resolved exclusively by a court located in Helsinki, Finland.
9. Severability
You and Supercell agree that if any portion of these Terms of Service or of the Supercell Privacy Policy is found illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other manner or jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions of the terms, which shall continue to be in full force and effect.
10. General Provisions
10.1. Assignment
Supercell may assign or delegate these Terms of Service and/or the Supercell Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms of Service or Privacy Policy without Supercell's prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and delegation by you is ineffective.
10.2. Supplemental Policies
Supercell may publish additional policies related to specific services such as forums, contests or loyalty programs. Your right to use such services is subject to those specific policies and these Terms of Service.
10.3. Entire Agreement
These Terms of Service, any supplemental policies and any documents expressly incorporated by reference herein (including the Supercell Privacy Policy), contain the entire understanding of you and Supercell, and supersede all prior understandings of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof, whether electronic, oral or written, or whether established by custom, practice, policy or precedent, between you and us with respect to the Service.
10.4. No Waiver
The failure of Supercell to require or enforce strict performance by you of any provision of these Terms of Service or the Supercell Privacy Policy or failure to exercise any right under them shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of Supercell's right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other instance.
The express waiver by Supercell of any provision, condition, or requirement of these Terms of Service or the Supercell Privacy Policy shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement.
Except as expressly and specifically set forth in this these Terms of Service, no representations, statements, consents, waivers, or other acts or omissions by Supercell shall be deemed a modification of these Terms of Service nor legally binding, unless documented in physical writing, hand signed by You and a duly appointed officer of Supercell.
10.5. Notices
We may notify you via postings on www.supercell.com, and via e-mail or any other communications means to contact information you provide to us. All notices given by you or required from you under these Terms of Service or the Supercell Privacy Policy shall be in writing and addressed to: Supercell Oy. Attn: Legal, Itämerenkatu 11-13, FI- 00180 Helsinki, Finland. Any notices that you provide without compliance with this Section on Notices shall have no legal effect.
10.6. Equitable Remedies
You acknowledge that the rights granted and obligations made under these Terms of Service to Supercell are of a unique and irreplaceable nature, the loss of which shall irreparably harm Supercell and which cannot be replaced by monetary damages alone so that Supercell shall be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any bond or surety or proof of damages) in the event of any breach or anticipatory breach by you.
You irrevocably waive all rights to seek injunctive or other equitable relief, or to enjoin or restrain the operation of the Service or any Supercell game, exploitation of any advertising or other materials issued in connection therewith, or exploitation of the Service or any content or other material used or displayed through the Service and agree to limit your claims to claims for monetary damages, limited by Section 7 (if any).
10.7. Force Majeure
Supercell shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of Supercell, including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Supercell's control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
Don't want to share your number on Sync.ME?
Last modified by December 31, 2014

Introduction

Sync.ME (the "Company" or "we") is a multi-platform social application and global phonebook network, which allows you ("you", "user" or "users") to synchronize the information in your contact list with your contacts' social networks' profiles, identify callers or perform numeric search (“Caller ID”), perform manual name search and participate in a collaborative mobile community, where you can share your information and your contacts' information with other users.

Consent

This Terms of Use Agreement (the "Agreement") governs your use of or access to our mobile application and our website, available at: sync.me (collectively, the “Service”).

By installing, accessing or otherwise using the Service you acknowledge and warrant that you hereby consent to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, and to the terms of the Privacy Policy (available at: sync.me/privacy), which is incorporated herein by reference.  If you do not agree to any of the terms of this Agreement or of the Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Service or any part thereof. If certain features of our Service are subject to additional terms, provisions or guidelines, they are incorporated herein by reference.

By installing, accessing or otherwise using the Service you hereby allow the Service to access your contacts and all the related information therein for synchronization with your phonebook directory.

Special features

The “Caller ID” feature allows you to associate a name with a phone number, whether automatically in an incoming call or manually by a numeric search.

You may tag a name to a phone number using our “Name Tag” feature. When a sufficient number of users indicated that the phone number is associated with the same name, the name and phone number will be included in our directory.

You may also report a phone number as SPAM in our directory and block future attempts to contact you from that phone number using our “Call Block” feature. If you decide to block a phone number, the caller will be directed to your voicemail when attempting to contact you. You may also report any number to our SPAM public directory. When a sufficient number of users report a phone number as SPAM, it will be listed in our searchable public directory, which will be periodically updated. You may always withdraw your SPAM report or block request.

To access or use the “Sync.ME search” you will be required to provide your contacts' names, phone numbers and email addresses for the Service’s phonebook directory; this will enhance the performance of the Service and allow you to perform numeric search or identify incoming calls against a searchable phonebook directory, which contains the contacts’ information from our users who permitted the aggregation of this information.

If you chose to activate the “Sync.ME search” feature, you would be asked to explicitly warrant that you have all necessary permissions to share your contacts' information, and that you have no knowledge of any objection, on the behalf of any of your respected contacts, to include their names and phone numbers in the phonebook directory, which is available for other registered users. Please be sure not to share any other person details without his or her prior consent, and that the information you share is accurate and up-to-date. For security reasons, we will also filter out numbers of your phonebook which do not seem to correlate to an actual person. You may at any time opt-out of this feature by deactivating it, in which case we will de-list your contacts (unless their details were provided by other sources).

Our “Name search” feature will allow you to request a phone number at a manual name search; the request will only be accommodated it the searched person has made his phone number available for search via the Service, or where his phone number is available on a publicly accessible directory. If that is not the case, the request will be forwarded (by SMS) to the searched person (if permissible), who may choose whether to share with you his number at his or her own discretion, block future requests from you or opt-out of this feature altogether. Your profile information will be visible to that person. Any person may opt-out of this feature, free of charge, by contacting us at: support@sync.me. In any case, no person will receive more than two requests a week. You hereby consent that you may receive such requests, in accordance with the terms stipulated herein.

Certain features allow you to synchronize your profile information and your contacts’ information with the information contained on your social networks and platforms (Facebook, Google+, VK, LinkedIn, etc.), including information made available by your contacts or friends on such social networks (e.g. birthdays, photos, status, etc.). These features will enhance the performance of our Service and allow you to better integrate and harmonize our Service with your updated profile information and information concerning your friends.

The Company will abide by the terms and conditions of the social networks and platforms in which you and any relevant contact are registered with a profile, with respect to retrieving accessible information from such networks or platforms (for synchronization or for other purposes), and will follow any configuration, security, privacy or other applicable restrictions of such platforms.

Grant of license

Subject to your full compliance with all of the terms of this Agreement and the Privacy Policy, we hereby grant you a limited, personal, non-commercial, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sub-licensable, non-transferable, non-assignable, free of charge, license to download, access and use the Service on a device you own or control, for the sole purpose of your personal use of the Service in connection with terms provided herein.

We are entitled, without any liability, to refuse, restrict, limit, suspend and/or interfere or interrupt the Service or any part thereof, without any notice to you for the repair, improvement, and/or upgrade of the Service or for any of the reasons for termination as mentioned below.

Eligibility

You may not access or use the Service if you are under thirteen (13) years of age or if you are legally unable (under the applicable laws and regulations) to enter into this Agreement. By accessing or using the Service you represent that you have reached the age of 13 years, or that you have the consent of your parent/guardian to use the Service.

User Submissions

The Company will allow you to submit and upload information into the Service directly, either as your profile information (e.g. full name, phone number, email address, age, etc.), or as notes (“User Submissions”).

Your User Submissions will be sent and published to anyone whose device's contact list contains your phone number and your name. You are solely responsible for your User Submissions. You warrant that you own all the rights, titles and interests required for you to use your User Submission in the manner contemplated herein.

You hereby grant the Company a worldwide, non-revocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license to use your User Submissions in any way at its sole discretion, including without limitation to reproduce, distribute, make derivatives of it and use it in order to promote the Company's business in any way, and without the need for any further compensation, approval or consent.

Limitation on use

The Service may only be used with platforms and by owners of profiles on social networks or platforms approved by the Company (“Approved Platforms”). You hereby warrant that you have all necessary and sufficient right to share such information with the Service and other users of its community.

You hereby warrant that you will not:

Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents affiliation, connection or association with any person or entity, or use any fraudulent, misleading or inaccurate contact information;

Make any copies of, modify, adapt, disassemble, translate, decompile, distribute or otherwise transfer, rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense or reverse engineer our Service or any part thereof;

Remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any features of the Service, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of the Service through any means, or interfere with, corrupt, or disrupt the operation or performance of the Service or the ability of any other person to use the Service, including, without limitation, transmitting Content that contain any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other destructive items or harmful codes, or placing excessive load on the servers, or attempting to degrade the performance of the servers in any way;

Violate other users’ or third parties’ rights to privacy, publicity and other rights, or harvest, scrap, data aggregate, data mine, screen scrap, index or collect data and information about other Users or third parties without their consent, whether manually, or automatically with the use of any means, including without limitation Bots, Crawlers, Spiders, Robots, Sifters and Load Testers, without the express written consent of the Company, or engage in testing, pen-testing, sniffing or monitoring of the Service, its systems, software or hardware in any way;

Use the Service in connection with any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, spamming or any other commercial communication;

Use the Service in connection with material which a reasonable person could deem to be: stalking, offensive, inaccurate, incomplete, abusive, obscene, objectionable, defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or deceptive, indecent, pornographic, profane, threatening, advocating harassment or intimidation, distressing, vulgar, hateful, malicious, harmful for minors, racially or ethnically offensive, advocating racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual, or disparaging the religious, political, or legal agenda of any person or entity;

Use the Service in connection with material which promotes illegal activities, or the violation of any local, state, national, or international law or regulation, including, without limitation, laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights (including, but not limited to, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, or any confidential, proprietary or trade secret information of any third party), information protection and privacy, including, but not limited to, content which disseminates another person’s personal information without his or her permission.

Proprietary rights

The Company retains all rights, titles and ownerships in and of the Service or any part thereof, including without limitation, the design and layout of the Service, all contents of the Service (excluding User Submissions), copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks and logos, database, registered or not (the “Materials”), except as expressly excluded in this Agreement. You may not use, sell, copy, modify, distribute, redistribute, license, publicly perform or display, publish, edit, create derivative works from, or otherwise make unauthorized use of the Materials, without the Company's prior explicit written consent. You are granted only a limited and revocable right to use the Service, subject to the terms of this Agreement, and for personal use only, and under no circumstances are you acquired any right, interest or title to any part of the Materials.

Privacy Policy

To demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we designed our Privacy Policy to make important disclosures about our practices concerning how we collect, use and share your information.  We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy located at sync.me/privacy before accessing or using our Service.

Limitation on warranties

You hereby expressly agree, that to the fullest extent not prohibited by the applicable law, that:

The Service is provided to you "AS IS", and that your use of the Service or of any information provided or otherwise disseminated in connection with the Service is at your sole risk.

The Company makes no warranty or representations, whether express or implied in connection with the Service and your use of the Service or any information provided or otherwise disseminated in connection with the Service (including User Submissions), and shall not be held liable or responsible, with respect to the Service and its quality, fitness for any particular purpose and promises of specific results, lack of accuracy, availability in any location, correctness, performance, merchantability, completeness, continuity, reliability, error or malware free, network-related problems, non-infringement of third party rights and security of the Service, its content or any part thereof. You will be solely responsible for your use of the Service and any damages to your devices, including without limitation loss or exposure of data, and you will be solely responsible for compliance with any applicable laws or regulations.

The Company does not warrant, endorse, guarantee or responsible for any third party, including without limitation advertisers, other users of the Service and parties who offer services through the Service.

The Company does not warrant, endorse and will not be liable to any damage or claim for any User Submissions, including without limitation, its accuracy, engagement with commercial activity, spam, or any attempts to defraud or manipulate other users with deceptive means or misrepresentation.

Where applicable, Apple has no warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Service, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold the Company (and its affiliated companies, contractors, employees, agents, and suppliers and partners) harmless from any and all claims, suits, actions, liabilities, losses, costs, damages, expenses, and any other liabilities, including without limitation attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related in any manner to your use or misuse of the Service, including without limitation your access to or use of the Service, any breach or alleged violation of the rights of any other person or entity by you, including without limitation any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right and any breach or alleged violation by of this Agreement.

Limitation on liability

You hereby expressly agree, that to the fullest extent not prohibited by the applicable law, that the Company shall not be liable, in any event, for:

Any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, under any theory of liability, including but not limited to contract, tort (including negligence), damages for loss of data, profits and goodwill, arising out of the use, misuse or inability to use the Service, or by any form of malware, whether or not the Company was or should have been aware or advised of the possibility of such damages;

Any information stored, processed or transmitted via the Service, including User Submissions;

The validity, correctness or accurateness of any content disseminated, provided or otherwise delivered in connection with your use of the Service.

You hereby acknowledge and warrant that your use of any information obtained in connection with your use of the Service is at your sole discretion and risk. Your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with the Service it to uninstall and cease your use of the Service.

Please be advised that despite its great efforts, the Company cannot guarantee that its Service will not be abused; we urge you to be cautious whenever you are asked to provide personal or sensitive information with strangers.

Third Party Services

This Agreement applies only to your use of the Service. The Company has not reviewed, has no control over, nor does it endorse, screen, promote or otherwise assume any responsibility for the content of third party websites or applications ("Third Party Services"), or to the information, advertisements, services, practices or other material contained on, or accessible through Third Party Services, including without limitation third party websites to which hyperlinks are contained in the Service.

By using the Service you hereby agree that the Company shall not be responsible for any damage, claim or liability in connection with your use of any third party sites, including without limitation third party sites to which you have arrived via the Service. Accordingly, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the terms of use, privacy policies and practices of any such Third Party Services. The use of Third Party Services is at your sole risk.

Governing law and arbitration agreement

This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

You hereby agree that all disputes between you and the Company (whether or not such dispute involves a third party) arising out of or in connection with your relationship with the Company, including without limitation disputes related to the terms of this Agreement or the Privacy Policy, your use of the Service, and/or rights of privacy and/or publicity, will be finally settled by binding, individual arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the said Rules. The Emergency Arbitrator Provisions shall not apply. The place of arbitration shall be Tel Aviv and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms of Use.

You may opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. To opt out, you must notify the Company in writing within thirty (30) days of the date that you first become subject to this Agreement. You must email us at support@sync.me with the subject line: “Arbitration Opt Out” and include in the body of your e-mail your name and residence address, your email address, telephone number, and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement.

If you do so, neither you nor the Company can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding, however, both you and the Company hereby expressly waive trial by jury. If permissible under such court’s rules, you may bring your claim in the Israeli “small claims” court in Tel Aviv. You may bring claims only on your own behalf. Neither you nor the Company will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by this Agreement. You hereby agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person’s account in the Service, if the Company is a party to the proceeding.

You hereby agree that any claim may have arising out of or related to your relationship with the Company must be filed within one (1) year after from the arising incident; otherwise, your claim shall be permanently barred.

Notice and Takedown

If you believe that anyone is abusing, or attempting to abuse the Service, or breaching any of the terms in this Agreement or in the Privacy Policy, please report this to us at: support@sync.me.

The Company does not allow using the Service or any of its features for intellectual property infringement.  
If you encounter what you believe to be a violation of your intellectual property rights in the Service, please notify us via e-mail to: support@sync.me.

Such notice (“Takedown Notice”) must include your full name, contact details (address and phone number), a reasonably detailed description of the alleged infringement and adequate evidence of your right in the relevant IP (for example, trademark registrar certificate of a signed affidavit).

Once adequate Takedown Notice is sent, the Company will either remove the alleged infringement or put you in touch with the person responsible for it.

If you receive notification from the Company stating that a Takedown Notice was received regarding content or activity for which you are responsible, you may contend the Takedown Notice within seven days, in which case only will your contact details be given to the Notice's sender.

If you repeatedly infringe third parties' IP your access to the Service may be restricted or blocked at the Company's sole discretion.

Assign rights, severability and waiver

The Company may assign its rights according to this Agreement to any third party at its sole discretion. You may not assign or delegate your rights according to this Agreement, without the Company's prior written consent. 
If any part of this Agreement is deemed void, unlawful, or for any reason unenforceable or invalid, then that part shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of the Agreement.

Failure to assert, at any time, any right, or require performance in regard to this Agreement by or on behalf of the Company shall not constitute concession, yield, waiver or relinquishment of any sort, and shall not limit the Company's rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. A waiver of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a continuing waiver of other breaches of the same or other provisions of this Agreement.

Apple (additional provisions)

Where the Service was downloaded via Apple marketplace, the user warrants that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Service. Further, the user acknowledge and consent that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of the Agreement, and the Apple has the right, upon your consent to the terms of this Agreement, to enforce the Agreement against the you as a third party beneficiary thereto. The user also warrants that he/she is not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that he/she is not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

Entire agreement

The terms of this Agreement and Privacy Policy and any supplemental or incorporated documents or policies constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede and replace all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. This Agreement is concluded between you and the Company only, and not with any other party.

Termination

 The Company reserves the right (but has no obligation), at its sole discretion and without prior notice to:

Terminate your account or your access to the Service, for any reason, or where it determined that you have breached any of the terms of this Agreement or of the Privacy Policy.

Monitor or review any content submitted by you in connection with the Service, reject any content submitted or remove any content from the Service, or refuse your requests in connection with the Service.

You may rectify or remove any personal information related to you from the Service at any time, by contacting us at: support@sync.me. You may terminate your account at our Service at any time by uninstalling the Service and ceasing to use the Service.

The following provisions shall survive termination: Limitation on use, Proprietary rights, Privacy Policy, Limitation on warranties, Indemnification, Limitation on liability, Termination, Governing law and arbitration agreement, Assign rights, severability and waiver.

Amendments to the Agreement

The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to periodically amend or revise the terms of this Agreement; material changes will be effective immediately upon the publication of the amended Agreement. Your continued use of the Service, following the amendment of the Agreement, constitutes your acknowledgement and consent of such amendments to the Agreement. The last revision will be reflected in the "Last modified by" heading above.

TERMS OF SERVICE
Jump to Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Updated as of March 22, 2018

WE DO NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS. PLEASE BE SAFE WHEN INTERACTING WITH USERS. Read our Online Safety tips.

This Terms of Service Agreement (the "Agreement") controls your access and use of any of the various services (the "Services") made available to you (the "Member") by The Meet Group, Inc. (“Company”) through our sites and applications, including, Tagged http://www.tagged.com, hi5 http://www.hi5.com, and any corresponding mobile applications or otherwise (“Site(s)”). ONLY USERS WHO ARE 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER MAY REGISTER FOR THE SITES. By accessing the services and/or completing the registration process for one of our Sites, you represent that you are 18 years of age or older, and can and will be legally bound by this Agreement. By registering for one of our Sites, you represent and warrant that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any government entity. No Member may participate where doing so would be prohibited by any applicable law or regulation. We have created side summaries to help you easily locate specific terms within this Agreement. These summaries are for reference only and in the event that there is a discrepancy between this Agreement and the language of the side summaries, the Agreement will prevail.

A) Changes to the Terms
The Company reserves the right to change or amend this Agreement at any time, for any reason, or for no reason at all, at the Company’s sole discretion. The most recent version of this Agreement will be posted on the Site. Although the Company will provide notice of material changes to this Agreement on the Sites, as a Member it is your sole responsibility to keep yourself informed of any such changes or amendments. Should a Member object to any terms and conditions of the Agreement or any subsequent changes to the Agreement or become dissatisfied with the Company in any way, Member's only solution is to immediately: (1) discontinue use of the Site; (2) terminate their Site registration; and (3) notify the Company of termination.

B) Description of Services
As a Member, you will be provided with a variety of Services, as described on the Sites. Members may also use certain additional services offered from time to time such as shopping and e-commerce offerings and various informational services. The Company reserves the right to enhance, change, or discontinue the Services, in whole or in part, at any time, for any reason, or for no reason at all, at the Company’s sole discretion, with or without notice to Members, and with no obligation to Members.


C) Member Conduct
Use of the Services by you, as a Member, is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations. The Company reserves the right, but does not assume any obligation, to monitor the Services to enforce this Agreement. Nor does the Company guarantee that any monitoring it does perform will be to the Member's satisfaction. Upon learning of any violation of this Agreement, the Company, at its sole discretion, may terminate your access to and use of the Services, require you to correct such violation, and/or take any other actions that the Company deems appropriate to enforce its rights and pursue all available remedies. Without limitation, the Company reserves the right to terminate your access to and use of the Services if, in our view, your conduct fails to meet any of the following guidelines:

Members shall not engage in any harassment, including, but not limited to, excessive repetition when listing a person as a referral, repeated unwanted contact, interfering with a Member's use of site or stalking.
Members shall not list the email addresses of people unknown to them.
Members shall not list as referrals any email addresses that are fake, fictitious, or made up.
Members shall not list as referrals any email addresses which are owned by or belong to that member.
Members shall not attempt to interfere with any other person's use of the Services.
Members shall not misrepresent their identity or impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Company employee, forum leader, guide or host.
Members shall not falsely represent that they are sponsored by, endorsed by, or affiliated with a Company website.
Members shall not use any portion of the Company Site or the Services to post, upload, email, transmit or otherwise make available junk mail, commercial advertisements, or any other form of commercial solicitation.
Members shall not use any portion of the Company Site or Services to post, upload, email, transmit or otherwise make available content, including user names and friend list names, that is harmful, threatening, abusive, vulgar, obscene, profane, defamatory, libelous, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
Members shall not engage in any activity that is clearly offensive or promote or otherwise encourage racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.
Members shall not use any portion of Sites or Services to post, share, promote, depict, encourage, solicit or exchange Content Harmful to Minors.
Members shall not upload photos, graphics or other content that contain or promote illegal substances or activities, including, but not limited to, underage drinking or smoking, substance abuse, weapon use, or gang affiliation.
Members shall not post content that displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind.
Members shall not provide material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18.
Members shall not provide instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses.
Members shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Company’s database or other computer systems.
Members shall not attempt to change, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any software programs used by Company in connection with the Sites or Services.
Members shall not engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, the Sites or Services.
Members shall not collect or store personal data about other Members in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs #1 through #18 above.
Members shall not use any portion of the Sites or Services for any unlawful purpose.
Members shall not engage in any activity that solicits or is designed to solicit password or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Members.
Members shall not use the account, username, or password of another Member at any time or disclose their password to any third party or permit any third party to access their account.
Members shall not post any contact information on Profile pages, Groups or Newsfeed. Contact information includes email addresses, instant messenger IDs, phone numbers and physical addresses.
Members shall not publicly post information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to another person.
Members shall not attempt to buy Gold outside of the Tagged.com website
Members shall not attempt to sell Tagged Gold
Members shall not attempt to sell a user account associated with one of the Company Sites.

All decisions concerning the applicability of these guidelines shall be at the sole and exclusive discretion of the Company and its designees. The Company has the right in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse or remove any content that is available via the Sites and Services. The Company and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable. An account may be terminated at any time, without notice, depending on the severity of the offense, which is determined exclusively at the discretion of the Company. The Company is not obligated to provide a Member with a warning prior to removal.

D) Privacy
The Company has established a Privacy Policy to explain to Members how their information is collected and used, which Member can read by clicking http://www.Tagged.com/terms_of_service.html?priv=y#privacy_policy. The policy explains how and when the Company may use Member information and content. Member's use of the Sites or Services signifies acknowledgment of and agreement to the Company’s Privacy Policy.

E) Document Retention Schedule
All personal information collected by the Company in connection with your use of our Sites, including, without limitation, your name, location, email address, pictures, friend connections, messages, comments, login information, IP addresses and other data, may be stored by the Company indefinitely and will be stored in a safe and secure manner.

F) Notice Regarding Commercial Email
MEMBERS CONSENT TO RECEIVE COMMERCIAL E-MAIL MESSAGES FROM THE COMPANY, AND ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEIR EMAIL ADDRESSES AND OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE USED BY THE COMPANY FOR THE PURPOSE OF INITIATING COMMERCIAL E-MAIL MESSAGES.

G) Member Account and Password
Once Member registers for a Site, Member will have a password and an account with the Site. Member is responsible for keeping the Member's password and account confidential. Furthermore, Member is entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under Member's account. Member agrees to immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of Member's account or any other breach of security known to Member.

H) Gold
You may purchase virtual currency for use solely on the Tagged site ("Gold"). Purchases or other acquisitions of Gold provide only a limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, fully-revocable license to use such Gold to access Services that we expressly make available for use with such Gold for your personal non-commercial use. Gold is redeemable only on the Tagged site for Tagged digital merchandise and content. Gold does not expire. Gold is non-refundable. Gold has no monetary value and does not constitute currency or property of any type. Gold is not transferable or assignable. You will not be entitled to a refund, money or any other compensation for unused Gold and virtual items when an account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary.

You may use Gold to purchase Gifts for other users. The price for each Gift will be displayed at the point of purchase. Gifts constitute a limited license to access a certain feature on the Tagged platform when, as, and if allowed by Tagged. All sales of Gifts are final and Tagged does not offer refunds for any purchased Gifts. Tagged is not responsible for repairing or replacing Gifts, or providing you with any credit or refund in the event that Tagged modifies, suspends, or terminates the Gift program, or for loss or damage due to any service error, or any other reason.

Gifts purchased or received by any user do not constitute property and are not transferable.

I) Diamonds and Rewards
Each user who receives a Gift from another user during a video broadcast will get a number of Diamonds as determined by Company. Company intends to offer rewards with respect to Diamonds. When Company enables said feature, users will be able to redeem Diamonds for cash, provided that a user must redeem at least two hundred dollars ($200) worth of Diamonds for each request, and may redeem rewards only once per day. Company may change the minimum increments and frequency from rewards from time to time, and it reserves the right to do so. Company will also determine the rate of redemption in its sole discretion and it may change the rate from time to time. The rate will be displayed at the point of redemption. You agree that Company has the absolute right to manage, modify, and/or eliminate such redemption feature in its sole discretion. The cost of the Gifts that you give to another user may not correlate to the revenue such user is entitled to receive from Company.

Users wishing to redeem Diamonds must 1) have a valid PayPal account, 2) must agree to PayPal’s terms of service, as well as its policies and procedures, and 3) bear any charges that PayPal may impose. User understands that Company has no control over PayPal’s practices and user releases Company from any and all liability associated with information submitted to PayPal, including, without limitation, liability related to the unauthorized release or use of user’s information. Company reserves the right to verify your identity and eligibility to receive cash redemptions prior to payment.

All Diamonds in your account are forfeited if you delete your account or your account is terminated for any reason.

All users who redeem Diamonds are solely responsible for the reporting and payment of any taxes due on the amounts redeemed.

J) VIP Membership
You may decide to upgrade your membership to VIP status for an additional monthly cost. If you choose to become a Tagged VIP, your membership will automatically renew on a monthly basis. If, at any point, you wish to discontinue your VIP membership, you may do so at your convenience. If your VIP membership account is billed through our website, you must visit http://www.tagged.com/account_info.html, click the Subscriptions and Payments tab, select 'cancel your subscription' and click 'Cancel VIP'' at least 3 days prior to your next scheduled automatic payment so that we can process your cancellation properly. If your VIP membership account is billed through iTunes, you must cancel at least 24 hours prior to your next scheduled automatic payment, by following the process outlined here. If your VIP membership account is billed through GooglePlay, you must cancel within 7 days from the start of your billing cycle, by following the process outlined here.

K) Mobile
The Company may offer Sites and Services through a mobile website and/or mobile applications (collectively, the "Mobile Applications"). This Agreement governs all Sites and Services that are accessible on or through the Mobile Applications. If you use the Sites and Services on a mobile device, you agree that information about your use of the Sites and Services through your mobile device and carrier may be communicated to us, including but not limited to the identities of your mobile carrier or your mobile device, or your physical location. Although we provide our Sites and Services through the Mobile Websites free of charge, your mobile carrier's standard fees and rates will still apply. You accept responsibility for all charges.

L) Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents and Intellectual Property Rights
Member acknowledges that messages, files or other materials ("Content") contained on the Sites and within the Site email messages, and third party advertisements on the Sites and distributed via email, of a commercial nature and presented to Member by the Company and the Sites and Services, are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Member is permitted to use the Company Content or third party Content only as expressly authorized by the Company or the third party advertiser. Member may not copy, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works from the Site Content or third party Content without expressly being authorized to do so by the Company or the third party advertiser. Member may make a copy of the Site Content or third party Content for Member's personal, noncommercial use only, provided that Member keeps all copyright or other proprietary notices intact. Although the Company does not claim ownership of content that its Members may provide to the Company, by providing content to the Company, Members automatically grant, and represent and warrant that they have the right to grant, to the Company a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable, license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute said content.

The Company respects copyright law and expects Members to do the same. Illegal or unauthorized copying, distribution, modification, public display, or public performance of copyrighted works is an infringement of the copyright holders' rights. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please notify the Company’s Agent for Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement ("Agent"), at:

The Meet Group Copyright Agent 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 (215) 862-1162 copyright@themeetgroup.com(mailto:copyright@themeetgroup.com)

Please provide our Agent with the following Notice:

Identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
Identify the material on the Site that you claim is infringing, with enough detail so that we may locate it on the website;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that (a) the above information in your Notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
Your address, telephone number, and email address; and
Your physical or electronic signature.
The Company’s Agent will forward this information to the alleged infringer. It is Company’s policy to terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.

M) Disputes
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY AS IT LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF. You and the Company agree that, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, you and the Company shall seek to resolve any and all disputes between the Company and you, respectively, including, without limitation, all claims, counter-claims and cross-claims (collectively, "Claims"), whether in law, equity or otherwise, solely through individual arbitration in accordance with the policies and procedures set forth in this Agreement. Such disputes shall include without limitation:

disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to Company’s Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy;
disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to any Services and/or any content on our Sites;
disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to any information, communications and/or other material that you and/or any other person and/or entity provide to and/or through the Site;
disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to any information and/or other material that is collected, stored and/or disseminated by, on behalf of and/or with the approval of the Company;
disputes arising out of and/or otherwise relating to any advertising and/or other communications by the Company in connection with our Sites;
disputes that are the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class;
disputes that arose before you entered into this Agreement and/or any prior version of this Agreement;
disputes that may arise after you terminate your registration with our Sites; and
disputes arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory.
Despite the language agreed to above and as an alternative to arbitration, either you and/or the Company may bring an individual action against the other in small claims court. Additionally, you and/or the Company may bring any Claim against the other to the attention of a federal, state and/or local government entity, which may elect to seek relief against the Company on your behalf, and/or against you on the Company’s behalf.

You agree that you and the Company have voluntarily and intentionally waived any and all right to a trial by jury, and (except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement) any and all right to participate in a class action. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Dispute provision. This Dispute provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.

For you or the Company to initiate arbitration against the other party it must first send by certified mail to the other party a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice"). The Notice must identify and detail the nature of the party's Claim, the basis for that Claim, and the specific relief being sought for that Claim, including, without limitation, any Claim for injunctive relief. For the parties' convenience, a form for providing Notice is available at http://www.tagged.com/disputeresolution_forms.html to download and complete. A Notice being sent to the Company must be addressed to: Dispute Resolution Department, The Meet Group, Inc., Attention: General Counsel, 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 (“Company Notice Address"). A Notice being sent to you shall be sent to the e-mail address associated with your Site account and to any other e-mail address provided in your registration (collectively, "Member Notice Address"). You may also opt to receive a copy of any Notice via mail by sending a written request to the Company Notice Address including your name, postal address, Member Notice Address and Site User ID number (UID).

After receipt of the Notice you and the Company must attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute set forth in the Notice. If you and the Company are not able to resolve the dispute within 30 days after the Notice is received, then you or the Company may initiate an arbitration proceeding against the other by downloading and completing the "American Arbitration Association ("AAA") Consumer-Related-Disputes Form-California (For Use Only In California)" demand for arbitration form available at Demand for Arbitration ("Demand"), and sending a copy of the Demand to the AAA, together with a copy of the Site Terms of Service and a check or money order payable to the AAA in the amount of the appropriate filing fee, and sending a copy of the Demand to the other party. The copy of the Demand being sent to the AAA must be addressed as stated on the Demand. A copy of the Demand being sent to the Company must be addressed to the Company Notice Address. A copy of the Demand being sent to you shall be addressed to the Member Notice Address.

Please note AAA does not provide the Company customer support and is only able to provide information regarding initiating an arbitration proceeding against the Company. All concerns regarding your account should be addressed to the Company by submitting a Ticket. The Company will try to resolve your concern, and in the case that you are not satisfied with the resolution you may choose to follow the process outlined on the Dispute Resolution Page.

Information regarding the appropriate filing fee to send with the Demand to the AAA (including the possible waiver of all or part of that fee) is available at AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules and https://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTAGE2026862, or by calling AAA Customer Service at (800) 778-7879 or AAA Case Filing Services at (877) 495-4185. If you initiate an arbitration proceeding against the Company and are not able to pay all or part of the AAA filing fee (and do not receive a waiver of the unpayable amount), and so long as the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the Demand is $10,000 or less, then you may send a written request for payment of the unpayable amount to the Company at the Company Notice Address. The Company shall consider your request and will, in its own discretion, either (1) pay the unpayable amount to the AAA directly or (2) send notice to you of its denial of your request within 10 business days of the receipt thereof. Further, if you initiate an arbitration proceeding against the Company, and so long as the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the Demand is $10,000 or less, then you may send proof of your payment of all or part of the AAA filing fee to the Company at the Company Notice Address, and the Company shall reimburse you for that actually paid amount.

The arbitration shall be administered by the AAA and shall be governed by the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures and the AAA Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules"), as modified by this Agreement. The AAA Rules are available online at AAA Consumer Arbitration and Consumer Arbitration Rules, or by calling AAA Customer Service at (800) 778-7879. (Additional information about the arbitration process, presented in a simplified FAQ format, is available at http://www.tagged.com/disputeresolution.html. The arbitrator selected to resolve the dispute between you and the Company shall bound by the terms of this Agreement. All arbitration hearings shall take place exclusively in San Francisco County, California. Except, however, that if the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is $10,000 or less you may choose whether the arbitration shall be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephone hearing, or by an in-person hearing, as established by the AAA Rules. If the total amount you are seeking is greater than $10,000 then your and the Company’s respective rights to an arbitration hearing shall be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which any award is based.

In addition to any reimbursement of AAA filing fees as detailed above, and so long as the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is $10,000 or less, the Company shall pay all other AAA administration fees and all arbitrator fees for the arbitration. Except, however, that if the arbitrator in such action finds that either the substance of your dispute against the Company or the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees in such action shall be governed by the AAA Rules. In said event, you hereby agree to reimburse the Company for all monies paid by the Company that are your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Additionally, if the total amount of the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is greater than $10,000 then the payment of all AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees shall be governed by the AAA Rules.

You and the Company agree that unless and until the arbitrator determines the monetary and/or other relief, if any, to which you and/or the Company is entitled in connection with the dispute being arbitrated, neither you nor the Company shall disclose to the arbitrator the amount of any settlement offer(s) that you and/or the Company previously made to the other in connection with said dispute. In any individual arbitration between you and the Company, if the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of the Company’s last written settlement offer to you then the Company shall:

pay you the amount of the award or $2,500 (the "Member Incentive"), whichever is greater; and
pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of any fees, and reimburse said attorney any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs), that said attorney reasonably and actually accrues in investigating, preparing and pursuing your Claim against the Company in the arbitration (collectively, the "Attorney Incentive").
However, if the Company did not make any written settlement offer to you prior to the arbitrator in said individual arbitration issuing you an award, then so long as the arbitrator awards you any monetary relief on the merits of your Claim against the Company, you and your attorney (if any) shall be entitled to receive the Member Incentive and the Attorney Incentive, respectively. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of any fees and/or expenses, the Member Incentive and/or the Attorney Incentive at any time during the individual arbitration and/or upon request by you and/or the Company made within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits of said individual arbitration. The Attorney Incentive supplements and does not supersede any right you may have under applicable law to receive attorneys' fees and/or expenses in connection with the individual arbitration (including as may be awarded to you by the arbitrator), but in no event may you recover a duplicative award of attorneys' fees and/or expenses. If the Company prevails in an individual arbitration against you and is entitled under applicable law to receive attorneys' fees and/or expenses, the Company hereby agrees that it shall not seek and shall refuse to receive such an award.

The arbitrator may award any form of individual relief in your favor, but solely to the extent warranted by your individual Claim. You and the Company agree that, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, you and the Company may bring a Claim against the other solely in your or the Company’s individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, and, except as otherwise set forth herein, no arbitrator may consolidate more than one person's Claim and/or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If all or part of this specific paragraph is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable after final appeal, then the entirety of this Dispute provision shall be deemed null and void.

AT ANY TIME AND IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION THE COMPANY MAY DIRECT THE AAA TO CONSOLIDATE ANY AND ALL PENDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION CLAIMS THAT (i) ARISE IN SUBSTANTIAL PART FROM THE SAME AND/OR RELATED TRANSACTIONS, EVENTS AND/OR OCCURRENCES, AND (ii) INVOLVE A COMMON QUESTION OF LAW AND/OR FACT WHICH, IF RESOLVED IN MULTIPLE INDIVIDUAL AND NON-CONSOLIDATED ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, MAY RESULT IN CONFLICTING AND/OR INCONSISTENT RESULTS. IN SAID EVENT, YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO CONSOLIDATED ARBITRATION, IN LIEU OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, OF ANY AND ALL CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE COMPANY AND THE AAA RULES SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL GOVERN ALL PARTIES. Additionally, in said event, if the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of Company’s last written settlement offer to you then the Company shall:

pay you the amount of the award or three times the amount of the Company’s last written settlement offer to you (the "Member Incentive"), whichever is greater; and
pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of any fees, and reimburse said attorney any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs), that said attorney reasonably and actually accrues in investigating, preparing and pursuing your Claim against the Company in the arbitration (collectively, the "Attorney Incentive").
However, if the Company did not make any written settlement offer to you prior to the arbitrator in said consolidated arbitration issuing you an award, then so long as the arbitrator awards you any monetary relief on the merits of your Claim against the Company, then you shall be entitled to receive the award and/or $500, whichever is greater, and your attorney (if any) shall be entitled to receive the Attorney Incentive. As also noted above, the arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of any fees and/or expenses, the Member Incentive and/or the Attorney Incentive at any time during the consolidated arbitration and/or upon request by you and/or the Company made within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits of said arbitration. Similarly, the Attorney Incentive supplements and does not supersede any right you may have under applicable law to receive attorneys' fees and/or expenses in connection with the consolidated arbitration (including as may be awarded to you by the arbitrator), but in no event may you recover a duplicative award of attorneys' fees and/or expenses. If the Company prevails in a consolidated arbitration against you and is entitled under applicable law to receive attorneys' fees and/or expenses, the Company hereby agrees that it shall not seek and shall refuse to receive such an award. If all or part of this specific paragraph is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable after final appeal, then the entirety of this Dispute provision shall be deemed null and void.

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that if the Company changes this Disputes provision in the future (other than a change to the Company Notice Address and/or any Internet address, telephone number and/or document title set forth in this provision) you may reject that change by sending written notice within 30 days of the change to the Company at the Company Notice Address. By rejecting said change you reaffirm that you shall seek to resolve all disputes between you and the Company solely through arbitration in accordance with this Agreement.

If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or any third party, the Company is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that Member has a dispute with one or more members, Member hereby releases the Company and its directors, officers, employees, agents, independent contractors, representatives, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and licensees from all claims, actions, losses, liabilities, judgments, damages, costs and expenses of every kind or nature (regardless of whether actual or consequential, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed), arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or any the Services. If Member is a California resident, Member hereby waives California Civil Code Section 1542, which says "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."

N) Termination
Either party may terminate use of the Company website or the Services with or without cause at any time and effective immediately upon written notice to the other party. The Company may terminate with or without cause at any time and effective immediately, at the Company’s sole discretion, including but not limited to Member's failure to conform with these terms and conditions of the Agreement. the Company shall not be liable to Member or any third party for termination of use of our Sites or Services. Member's right to use the Sites or the Services shall cease immediately. Member shall have no right and the Company will have no obligation thereafter to forward any unread or unsent messages to Member or any third party. Sections G-N shall survive termination of the Agreement.

O) DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES
MEMBER AGREES THAT USE OF THE COMPANY SITES AND SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT MEMBER'S OWN RISK. THE COMPANY SITES AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, ACCURACY, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COMPANY SITES AND SERVICES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR OTHER SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES ACCESSED THROUGH ANY LINKS ON THE SITES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you insofar as they relate to implied warranties.

P) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE AS A RESULT OF MEMBER'S USE OR MISUSE OF THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES, WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES, OR THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, MODIFICATION, ALTERATION, OR TERMINATION OF THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES OR ANY LINKS ON THE COMPANY SITES, AS WELL AS BY REASON OF ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE THE COMPANY SITES OR SERVICES OR ANY LINKS ON THE COMPANY SITES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. In some jurisdiction, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.

Q) Indemnification
Member agrees to indemnify and hold the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, employees, service providers, and suppliers harmless from any dispute which may arise from a breach of terms of this Agreement or use of the Services. Member agrees to hold the Company harmless from any claims and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees and court costs, related to Member's violation of this Agreement.

R) Governing Law
The Agreement and the relationship between Member and the Company shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of law principles to the contrary. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you and the Company nevertheless agree that the court should strive to give effect to your and the Company’s intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Agreement shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the Company Sites, the Services and/or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The Company makes no representation that any material and/or other content on this website is appropriate and/or available for use in other locations, and accessing such material and/or content from territories where it is illegal is prohibited. Any persons who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.

S) Agreement
The Agreement makes up the entire agreement between Member and the Company and governs your use of Sites and the Services, superseding any prior agreements between Member and the Company. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Agreement shall not result in a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in the Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Site Terms and Conditions, the English version shall prevail. The side summaries within this Agreement are for reference only. In the event that there is a discrepancy between the full terms of this Agreement and the language contained within the side summaries the full version of the Agreement shall prevail.

Contacting Us
Users with questions about these Terms of Service and any of the above statements may contact the Company by writing to: The Meet Group, Inc., 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938.

In order to access or register for our Sites you have to agree to the rules in this Agreement. 
You have to be at least 18 years old to use the Services. 
These side summaries are for your reference, so that you can easily find information within the Agreement. 
Please read the entire Agreement to your left for all details governing the use of the Services. 
We can change the terms of this Agreement at any time. 
We will provide a notice on the site if there is a major change. 
It is your responsibility to ensure that you are aware of any changes. 
If you disagree with the current rules or any changes to the rules you should cancel your account. 
You can view our Services and features on the website. 
We can change or discontinue the Services and features offered on the site at any time. 
If you engage in prohibited behavior we may suspend or cancel your account. 
We have the right to monitor your account and any of your content, communication or behavior associated with that account to ensure that you are following the rules. 
We may terminate your account if we find that you are in violation of any of our rules or if we find that you are engaged in prohibited behavior. 
You shall not engage in harassment or stalking. 
You shall not provide any information that is false or belongs to another person. 
You shall not pretend to be someone that you are not. 
You shall not use this site to sell or advertise anything without written permission from us. 
You shall not send spam or junk mail. 
You shall not use any abusive language. 
You shall not post any illegal content or participate in any illegal activity. 
You shall not post pornographic or other inappropriate material. 
You shall not provide information instructing others on how to commit illegal acts. 
You shall not attempt to access an account or information that does not belong to you. 
You shall not attempt to impair the Services. 
You shall not collect personal data about other Members. 
You shall not try to gain access to another user’s account. 
You shall not attempt buy or sell Gold or user accounts. 
We will solely decide whether you violate any guideline and may prevent you from uploading content, may delete your content and your entire account. 
See our Privacy Policy for details on what information we collect and use. We can choose to store certain data for an infinite amount of time. 
We can choose to store certain data for an infinite amount of time. 
You agree to receive commercial messages from us. 
Don’t share your password or login information. 
Gold is virtual currency that can only be used on the Tagged site for Tagged Services. 
You are not allowed to buy Gold outside of the Tagged website. 
You are not allowed to sell or give away Gold. 
Purchases of Gold are not refundable, even if your account is cancelled. 
We offer a VIP membership at a monthly cost. 
If you access our Services through your mobile phone, your mobile phone company may charge you for use of data. You are responsible for these charges. 
When you use your mobile phone we may collect additional information, including your location. 
Our content is protected by certain rights, including copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, etc. 
You may not use our content outside what is allowed by these terms. 
We do not allow infringement of a copyright holder's rights. Any known infringement should be reported to us. 
You may not post content unless they have the right to grant us rights to the content. 
We do not allow infringement of a copyright holder's rights. Any known infringement should be reported to us. 
Please notify us of any copyright infringement by contacting us directly. 
Please provide the requested information so that we can take necessary action and remove the infringing content. 
You agree to resolve all disputes with us through arbitration. 
In addition to arbitration, you or the Company may file a claim in small claims court or bring a claim to the attention of the federal, state or local government. 
You and the Company waive any rights to trial by jury and all rights to participate in a class action. 
Before beginning the arbitration process either you or the Company has to provide a notice to the other party. 
You must mail the notice to the Company. The Company may send the notice to your email address. 
After receiving notice we will both try to resolve the dispute. 
If we cannot reach an agreement within 30 days, then you or the Company can start the Arbitration process. 
Arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA). 
You may submit a request for payment assistance to the Company. 
The Company will provide assistance with payment of arbitration fee if you are unable to pay and otherwise qualify for the assistance. 
The arbitration will be conducted by the AAA, under their rules. 
All arbitrations will take place in San Francisco, California. 
If the amount in dispute is less than $10,000, you may choose to conduct the arbitration by phone or through document submission. 
If your claim is for $10,000 or less you may be entitled to have us pay for all the arbitration fees. 
Until the arbitrator issues a monetary award neither you nor the Company will disclose any settlement offers to the arbitrator. 
If an arbitration results in an award to you that is greater than our last written offer, you may be entitled to receive additional fees from us. 
If we did not make any written offer and an arbitrator issues an award you and your attorney may be entitled to receive additional awards. 
You and and the Company agree that any claims brought will be solely on behalf of you or the Company and not as part of a class action. 
We may request the AAA to combine related arbitration claims from members when such claims are related. 
If the AAA grants you an award that is higher than the last written settlement offer from us, if any, you may be entitled to additional fees from us above the amount of the award granted by the AAA. 
If we did not make any written settlement offer prior to arbitration you may also be entitled to receive additional fees. 
If we change this Dispute provision you may reject the change by a written notice to us and reaffirm that you and the Company will only resolve disputes through arbitration. 
We are not required to become involved with disputes between you and any other participant on the site. 
We will not be responsible for any disputes between you and another participant on the site. 
We have the right to cancel your account for any reason or without a reason. 
We will not be required to provide you with copies of your account content once your account is cancelled. This may include photos, videos and messages. 
We are providing services on an "as is" basis and makes no promises that the site or its services are intended to fulfill a particular purpose. 
We are not responsible for any goods or services received through, advertised or otherwise displayed on the site. 
We will not be responsible for any damages resulting from your use or misuse of the site. 
We will not be responsible for any damages resulting from services or products advertised or displayed on the site. 
If your breach of this Agreement results in a dispute involving the Company and related parties, you will be responsible for any attorney's fees, court costs, penalties, monetary payments due and any other required action that is required to correct the injury resulting from your breach. 
If there are any disputes between you and the Company, they will be governed by California law and this Agreement will be interpreted under California Law. 
Any claims filed by you related to this Agreement must be filed within 1 year of the incident. 
This Agreement governs your use of the Site. 
You may also be subject to additional rules from our affiliate services that may apply to third-party content or software. 
These side summaries are for your reference only. Please read the entire agreement to your left for all details governing your use of our Sites. 
Terms and Conditions
General Conditions of Carriage

Regulations and procedures are subject to change at short notice. Although the information contained on this site is as updated and correct as possible, Terravision may not be held liable for losses or damages, direct or indirect, due to this information.

Click below for Terms and Conditions relating to:

Definitions
Service admission
Provided services
Tickets
Vehicle access
Baggage
Terravision responsibilities
Claims
Passenger coupons
Passenger behaviour
Terravision communications
Conclusions
Terms and Conditions – Stanstedcitylink
Terms and Conditions – Airport Express Bus 
Terms and Conditions – AEROBÚS 
Terms and Conditions – Barzi Services
Terms and Conditions – Prague Airport Transfers 
Terms and Conditions – Modlinbus
Terms and Conditions – Faroshuttlebus

Definitions
The following words shall have the following meanings:“vehicle”: means the vehicle, bus or other means of transportation provided by Terravision on which passengers travel; “trip”: the trip entitled to passengers based on the indications on their ticket; “service”: activity conducted by the Company; “baggage”: any object the passenger carries on his person for the trip.

Service Admission
Travellers must be in possession of a valid ticket in order to use the transportation service and must keep it on their person for the entire duration of the trip. The trip is considered terminated after leaving the vehicle. For round trip tickets, the trip is considered terminated after leaving the vehicle on the return trip.

Provided Services
Carriage
Terravision carries passengers in possession of valid tickets on its vehicles. The ticket is a record of the agreement between the company and passenger. The ticket remains the property of Terravision and must be exhibited upon company request. Upon express request, the ticket must be returned to Terravision.

Passengers with disabilities.
Passengers with disabilities who fail to communicate these conditions upon reservation may be denied service and carriage.

Minors
Terravision does not provide service to unaccompanied minors (under age 14). Accompaniment and other special services are not available. Minors under age 14 must be accompanied by a passenger at least 16 years of age who must reserve both tickets together. Children aged 4 and under on the date of travel are not required to pay ticket fare. Children over the age of 4 are required to pay the appropriate child fare. Child safety seats may not be carried on board the bus.

Animals
Terravision is not required to carry animals on its vehicles except for guide dogs for blind or deaf passengers.

 Tickets
Ticket Validity
The ticket allows you to use Terravision service and make the trip stated on the ticket. Altered or damaged tickets are not valid for the trip stated on the ticket.

Etickets
Tickets must be printed and presented to our staff at the time of boarding. Please visit the website for instructions on how to correctly present your e-ticket. Should delays cause passengers to miss the service indicated on the ticket, the ticket shall be valid for the next departure. If the trip missed by the passenger is the last departure available for that day, the ticket shall be valid for the next day. Priority boarding is only guaranteed for the reserved departure time stated on the ticket.

Seat reservations
Passengers who wish to reserve a seat on a specific trip must reserve the seat online through the online booking system prior to the requested departure date. Seat reservations are subject to availability on single trips.

Ticket Corrections
Passengers can only modify the date and time of their online reservation prior to the date of travel by logging into their My Terravision account. Tickets purchased from Terravision staff may not be exchanged or modified.

Passenger responsabilities
The passenger must check the ticket to ensure it is correct before purchasing. For e-tickets, the passenger must check ticket correctness on the computer screen upon purchase at our website.

Cancellation Policy
Terravision tickets are non-refundable. Terravision is not liable to refund due to mistake bookings, changes in travel plans or flight delays or cancellations.

Invalid ticket
Passengers must travel with a valid ticket. If, following controls, a passenger is found with an invalid ticket, he will be asked to leave the bus or, alternatively, to purchase a ticket from the driver.

Fraudulent etickets
Terravision reserves the right to confiscate an e-ticket possessed by a passenger if there are reasonable grounds for considering it fraudulent. Furthermore, a passenger found in the possession of a fraudulent ticket will be prevented from using Terravision services and may be prosecuted by law.

Lost Ticket
Terravision is not liable for replacing lost or stolen tickets. In the event of loss or theft, passengers who still wish to use company services must purchase a new ticket.

Vehicle access
Stops
Vehicles may only be boarded and left at the authorised stops along the routes indicated by the specific signs. The passenger is responsible for ensuring that he or she reports to the correct bus stop and boards the correct bus service. Maps of all authorised stops can be found on the website www.terravision.eu.
Passenger delay
Passengers must be at the stop at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled departure time on the date of departure. Terravision is not liable for trips missed due to late passenger arrival and is not obliged to hold up any service to wait for late passengers.

Tickets to the airport:
Please choose the transfer service that allows you to arrive at the airport at least 2 hours prior to your scheduled flight departure time to allow time for check-in and all formalities related to the flight. Terravision is not liable for circumstances beyond its reasonable control such as heavy traffic or traffic accidents. If you do not comply with the deadlines as indicated and choose a transfer that does not allow enough time for boarding, you will not be entitled to any compensation.
Connections: It is the responsibility of the passenger to allow for sufficient transfer time when making connections with other various forms of transportation.

Baggage
Permitted baggage
Terravision does not charge for luggage nor is there any limit on the number of bags that can be carried as long as there is space available in the luggage hold. Small hand luggage is permitted on board as long as it fits in the overhead compartments and is not a security hazard, which is at the complete discretion of the driver.
Compatible with the space available on board, company personnel may permit skiing equipment, roller skates, bicycles and other “special” items, stored in specific cases, to be carried according to current fares. Passengers may contact Terravision to determine whether or not a certain item is permitted on board.
Fragile items such as electronics, portable televisions and radios are only permitted if reasonably sized. Small musical instruments such as guitars, cellos, violins or violas may only be permitted on board if a seat is reserved and the required fare paid. Foldable wheelchairs and other mobility means for the handicapped are permitted on board free of charge.
Bus drivers provide passenger assistance for their baggage but are not obliged to lift baggage.
For health and safety reasons, Terravision does not accept items on board weighing over 32 kilograms or sized over 81 cm. high, 119 cm. long and 119 cm. wide. Weight limits do not apply to mobility means for the handicapped.
Terravision is not liable for items not suitably packaged, perishable or fragile, or for slight damages to external baggage surfaces (for example, scratches, stains, dirt, dents), due to normal wear.
Prohibited baggage
Terravision is not obliged to carry: firearms, knives or any sharp object, weapons, explosives, chemical substances, drugs or solvents (except medications), toxic or contagious substances such as rat poison, infected blood, radioactive material, corrosive substances such as mercury and vehicle batteries and any other item the company deems hazardous, that can cause injury or is unsuited for the type of carriage provided due to weight, shape, fragility or perishability.
The items listed above as prohibited baggage shall be immediately removed if found on board.
Baggage packaging and identification
All passenger baggage must be appropriately packaged and labelled with the owner-passenger’s address and phone number. Terravision reserves the right to refuse baggage on board which, following controls, fail to meet these requirements. All baggage, excluding carry-on baggage, shall be stowed in specific bus compartments.
Carry-on baggage
Carry-on baggage shall be stowed in the compartment next to the passenger and remain at the passenger’s disposal. For this reason, the passenger is solely liable for the loss of carry-on baggage. We recommend valuables such as cash, jewellery, ID, electronics and life-saving medications be stored in carry-on baggage.
Lost baggage liabilities
In the event baggage is lost on a vehicle or at a bus station, it shall be taken into Terravision custody. The passenger shall be charged a fee for this service including, where possible, shipment of lost baggage. Baggage not labelled with the passenger’s phone number and address shall be disposed of within one month of finding it. Baggage content shall be examined and, where considered hazardous or perishable, disposed within 48 hours of its finding. Baggage found by other passengers and promptly delivered to vehicle personnel shall also be stored. Baggage loss must be immediately communicated to our personnel and confirmed, with details on all lost items, within 72 hours of the terminated trip by letter sent to Terravision, Via Archimede 164 – 00197 Rome – Italy – or by e-mail to customerservices@terravision.eu or any other address published for this purpose. Terravision is not liable for any lost or stolen items or baggage. Terravision recommends you insure your baggage against damages pertinent to the transportation contract with specific insurance companies.


Terravision responsabilities
Carriage
Terravision is obliged to carry passengers and their baggage with valid tickets according to the regulations set hereto. The company is also oblige to reduce travel discomforts and inconveniences to a minimum.
Trip delays or cancellations
Timetables published on  www.terravision.eu are approximate. The company reserves the right to change them, informing users of the reasons for change as well as any alternative schedules. Terravision may also suspend or cancel trips, providing passengers with due notice. In this case, the company may decide to add a new trip to replace the suspended one or extend the passenger’s ticket validity. Terravision is not liable for losses, damages or costs incurred by passengers due to service delays or cancellations. Terravision is not liable to passengers who did not reserve their trip.
Cancellation after service initiates
Unless due to reasons beyond Terravision’s control, should the bus carrying the passenger be unable to complete the journey before reaching the passenger’s chosen destination, the company shall have the right to choose one of the following options: a) select an alternative means of transportation that guarantees the passenger’s arrival at the destination; b) provide a substitute vehicle; c) refund the passenger; d) issue the passenger a Terravision coupon
No liability
Terravision is not liable for circumstances beyond their reasonable control. The following are examples of events beyond the company’s reasonable control: war or threat of way, accidents on the service routes, adverse and exceptional weather conditions, fire and/or damages to bus stations, vandalism, terrorism, unforeseen traffic, technical problems or local riots or unrest.
Death and personal injuyry
Terravision shall reimburse damages incurred due to its negligence in the event of passenger death or personal injury.
Airline companies
Terravision is not liable for the service quality provided by airline companies or for any flight delays or cancellations.

Claims
Procedure
Passengers must personally lodge claims and, if required, provide proof of identification and any related flight documentation. If the ticket is in more than one passenger’s name, all passengers must lodge claims simultaneously. Claims must be lodged at Terravision offices or sent by e-mail to customerservices@terravision.eu. Claims must be lodged within 30 days of the departure date. Purchased tickets must be enclosed with claims.


Passenger coupons
Features
The coupon is: personal, transferable to third parties, valid for six months from date of issue indicated on the coupon. Coupons may be used for all Terravision services as well as at the Terracafé in Rome and Florence.
Coupon redemption
Should a passenger wish to use a service that costs more than the value of the coupon, he must pay the fare difference. If the service costs less than the value of the coupon, no monetary change will be given.

Passenger behaviour
Required behaviour
Passengers must correctly and reasonably behave at stations and on board buses, carefully listening to the instructions provided by Terravision personnel.
Prohibited behaviour
Bad passenger behaviour is prohibited. Examples of bad behaviour include: threatening Terravision personnel or other service users, storing baggage in a way that creates discomfort to other passengers, blocking emergency exits or the central bus aisle, using radios, noisy games, musical instruments or radio devices that disturb other users. Passengers are not allowed to eat or drink on board. Alcohol or drugs may not be taken on board nor may passengers under the influence of these substances board the bus. Terravision reserves the right to prevent passengers from boarding the bus or assist them in leaving the bus when, heedless of these instructions, their behaviour is deemed prohibited.
Liability for other passengers’ behaviour
Terravision is not liable for the acts or omissions committed by other passengers on the bus or in the station. However, the company shall monitor the behaviour of all users.

Terravision communications
Terravision shall provide passengers with information on schedule changes, general communications or trip cancellations via e-mail to the address provided upon trip reservation. E-mail delivery shall be accepted as proof of receipt. If Terravision was not provided a valid e-mail address, please check the website 24 – 72 hours prior to departure at www.terravision.eu  or at one of the company’s info points.

Conclusions
Indications
The carriage contract stipulated with Terravision is subject to the general carriage conditions for passengers and baggage currently in effect and the relevant rules, instructions and/or regulations pertinent to specific subjects. Terravision conditions and rules are, through this notice, referred to as an integral part of the contract.
This is to inform you of the due information on data processing purposes and methods as well as on the communication and disclosure of the data you provided to Terravision (hereinafter also referred to as only “Company”) for your participation on website www.terravision.eu (hereinafter also referred to as only “Site”).
The purpose and length of data processing are strictly related to your site participation.
The Company may use the data you provided for all the purposes tied to your participation, including the possibility of providing you access to all the services offered on the site. The Company reserves the right to also use this data for all the other legal purposes associated with its business.
As needed, Terravision has the right to modify this Privacy Policy following sector initiatives or variations concerning laws, IIP or Pertinent Data collection methods and use, services or technologies.
These variations are effective as of their publication by the Company on the Site.
By continuing to use the services offered by Terravision after the publication of an updated Privacy Policy version, the user tacitly accepts the Privacy Policy with its changes. Therefore, it is essential that the user periodically rereads the Privacy Policy to keep up with any changes. Should Terravision substantially change IIP and Pertinent Data collection methods and use, single user IIP and Pertinent Data management shall still be subject to the Privacy Policy under which they were collected provided the user was informed and did not object to the change.
Specifically, the Company may:
a) process the data you provided to conduct analyses, market surveys and statistics on user satisfaction and preferences regarding the Company’s services;
b) process the data you provided and those inferred by your navigation on the site to identify commercial profiles and use these for marketing, advertising, promotional and sales purposes; for this reason, the Company may use cookies, meaning portions of files saved by your computer to monitor your site navigation;
c) inform you of new Site features and, more generally, Company initiatives.
For processing purposes, as illustrated and within the limits of the above, all your data may also be disclosed to third parties, public or private, such as companies that conduct market surveys and statistics, companies that provide marketing, advertising, promotional and sales services.
Providing data and consent to the processing, communication and disclosure for the above purposes are mandatory for project participation. Any refusal to provide the required data or relevant processing, communication and disclosure consent shall deny project participation and the possibility of completing activities associated with the project.
Your personal data shall be computer processed, both on and offline, by individuals specifically assigned by the Company such as Company employees, associates or consultants.
The Site may contain links that transfer you to other sites. Sites linked to www.terravision.eu are not under the Company’s control and may have privacy policies other than the one described herein. Consequently, the Company may not be deemed liable in any way for any violation of your privacy on sites other than www.terravision.eu.
Furthermore, the Company may not be deemed liable in any way for any direct communication of your personal or sensitive information of any other nature in Site sections dedicated to Forums.
The Company reserves the right to disclose the data you provided to any third party purchasers of the company or its branches.
You may exercise your rights, such as accessing, receiving indications on the source of the personal data, on the purposes and methods of processing, on the logic applied in the event electronic tools are employed for processing, on the identification data concerning the data controller and individuals or categories of individuals to whom or which the personal data may be communicated and who or which may get to know said data, the update, rectification, integration, cancellation, transformation and block of illicitly processed data – contacting the data controller at the addresses listed below:
The Data controller is Terravision London Finance, contactable via e-mail at: customerservices@terravision.eu
Registered offices: Park View 183 -189 ,The Vale London, W37RW.

Stansted Airport – London service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Stanstedcitylink
Information and Publicity

Information and Publicity
1. Information Full details of the times and fares of services are available from appointed booking offices and agents and on the internet at www.stanstedcitylink.com. These are subject to variation. Special Holiday timetables may operate on public holidays and passengers are advised to check times with the Company before making travelling arrangements. Relevant publicity material on the Company’s services is available through the Company’s offices and agents. It is the passenger’s responsibility to ensure that the timing of the journey booked arrives in sufficient time to enable onward connections to be made and passengers are advised to allow at least three hours between the scheduled arrival time of the coach and the departure time of any connecting flight.
Buying a ticket and seat reservations
2. A seat reservation can be made for travel only by booking in advance via the Company’s website. A ticket bearing a valid reservation reference provides travel between the points shown on the date(s) and at the departure time(s) shown on the ticket. A reservation entitles a passenger to a seat on the specified journey but not to any specific seat on the coach. Pre-booked passengers must arrive at the departure point for their journey not less than 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time shown on their ticket otherwise their seat reservation will be void and their seats reallocated to other passengers. In such cases, tickets will remain valid for 24 hours from the scheduled departure time and passengers will be offered seats on the next available journey on a ‘first come, first served’ basis. Ticket holders are not bound or entitled to travel on any particular vehicle, except as set out above. The Company will not be liable for any loss or inconvenience suffered by the holders of tickets without pre-booked reservations owing to their not being able to find accommodation on the particular vehicle on which they desire to travel.
3. Passengers with restricted mobility should indicate whether they are wheelchair users when making their booking. Only one wheelchair space is provided inside each coach. Contact details for such passengers should be provided to the Company when booking. (Please also see ‘Special Needs’ and ‘Wheelchairs’ below).
4. Alterations to tickets Alterations to tickets are only permitted in the event of an error in booking and these must be notified to the Company within 48 hours of making the booking. Tickets may not be altered after the departure date and time. Any alterations are subject to seat availability.
Tickets
5. Your contract with the Company A ticket that has been issued to you is evidence of a contract between you and the Company. If the ticket entitles you to any goods or services from a third party, it is also evidence of a contract between you and that party.
6. You may not transfer your ticket A ticket may only be used by the person for whom it has been bought. It cannot be resold or passed on to anyone else.
7. Requirement to hold a ticket You have the right to use the Company’s services only if you hold a ticket or other authority to travel which is valid for those journeys you want to make. Please retain your ticket for inspection at any time whilst on board the coach.
8. Conditions on which tickets are issued
Each ticket is issued subject to:
these Conditions;
any conditions set out in the notices and other publications issued by the Company and
the conditions set out in the notices and other publications issued by another party if your ticket enables you to use any of their goods or services or upon whose property your journey may start or terminate.
9. Children under 14 years of age and infants must be accompanied on the Company’s services by a responsible adult who is a fare paying passenger. Child fares apply to passengers less than 16 years of age. The Company’s staff and agents can request proof of age.
10. One infant aged under 3 years, accompanied by an adult fare-paying passenger, will be carried free of charge. Any additional infants, accompanied by the same adult will be charged at child fares.
11. Concessionary Travel Schemes Unless specifically stated in the Company’s literature or on its website, the Company does not participate in any free or reduced fare concessionary travel schemes.
Validity of Tickets
12. The period during which you can use a ticket The period during which a ticket is valid is as printed on the ticket or stated in the notices and other publications of the Company or as contained in these Conditions of Carriage.
13. The times you can travel and the services you can use Any reduced or discounted fare tickets may be subject to restrictions such as the dates, days, and times when you can use them, and the services on which they can be used. These restrictions are set out in the notices and other publications of the Company and it is the responsibility of passengers to ensure that they are aware of such. If you travel on a service with a ticket which is not valid on that service because of such a published restriction, you will be required to purchase a full price ticket for the journey made.
14. e-Tickets The following special conditions apply to e-Tickets (i.e. those purchased via the Company’s website, App or other electronic means):
No refunds or amendments will be made in relation to e-Tickets whether before or after the date of travel (except in case of notified error as above).
As with any other ticket purchased in relation to travel on any one of the Company’s services, e-Tickets are not transferable and are only valid on the journey for which they were booked.
e-Tickets are like any other ticket purchased in relation to travel on the Company’s services – if you cannot produce a valid ticket you will not be able to travel.
If we have reason to suspect the fraudulent use of an e-Ticket, we reserve the right to confiscate or otherwise invalidate it and prevent you from travelling on our services. In such an event we reserve the right to take further proceedings should we see fit. No refund will be made in relation to any e-Ticket confiscated or invalidated under this special condition.
Use of Tickets
15. Breaking or ending a journey at intermediate places A break of journey is only allowed for interchange purposes. In such instances the passenger must travel on the first available connecting service. Failure to comply will result in the passenger having to purchase a full price ticket for the journey made.
16. If you travel further than your ticket allows If you travel to a place beyond the one specified on your ticket, you will be treated as having joined the coach without a valid ticket for that additional part of your journey and a full price ticket will have to be purchased as if it were a separate journey.
17. Withdrawal of tickets If you fail in a material respect to comply with any condition that governs the use of a ticket, the staff or agents of the Company may withdraw or otherwise invalidate the ticket.
Refunds
18. The Company will not refund or replace lost or stolen tickets. New tickets must be purchased for travel. If the original tickets are found they should be sent to the Customer Service Team as above with the receipt portion of the new ticket and a covering letter, where a refund may be made at the Company’s discretion.

Your Responsabilities/span>
19. Please check tickets and change at the time they are issued When you buy a ticket, you should make sure that it is valid for the journey you want to make and that you have received the correct change. If possible, you should tell staff about any apparent errors at that time. If you do not, the Company or agent which sold you the ticket will only consider claims about any errors if you can show to its reasonable satisfaction that an error was made on its part. In the event that a debit or credit card or other form of payment is rejected, tickets purchased by that transaction will be invalid.
20. Arriving in time to board the coach Passengers who have reserved tickets should arrive at the correct departure point for their coach not less than 15 minutes prior to the scheduled departure time. The correct departure point is the actual stop or coach station stand from which the coach will depart.
21. Passengers arriving late Where passengers arrive at the departure point later than 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time, the Company reserves the right to allow other passengers without reserved tickets to board the coach and there is no guarantee that you will be able to travel at that time. No responsibility for any loss can be accepted in such circumstances. The Company may at its absolute discretion permit passengers to use a valid ticket up to 24 hours from the pre-booked departure time subject to capacity being available on a subsequent journey but does not guarantee any priority in such circumstances. Such journey must be made in the same direction and between the same two points as the pre-booked ticket.
22. Make sure you are on the correct coach and that you get off at the right stop You are responsible for making sure that you join the correct coach and that you get off at the right stop.
23. Inspection of tickets You must show and, when required, hand over for inspection and scanning as required, a valid ticket and any accompanying discount card at the request of the staff of the Company or its agent. A ticket which registers as having been used for a previous journey will not be accepted for travel and a new ticket must be purchased. In the event of dispute, passengers are advised to purchase a new ticket and submit a refund request as above.
24. If your ticket is spoiled or altered It must be possible for the barcode/QR on the ticket to be scanned. If a ticket is defaced, damaged or tampered with it is not valid for travel. The Company reserves the right to refuse to issue a replacement ticket in such circumstances.
25. Lost or mislaid tickets A ticket is your evidence of your right to make a journey and its safekeeping is your responsibility.
26. When you have to change coaches If it is necessary to change coaches you will be responsible for your transfer between stops and for the transfer of your luggage. If this is due to the breakdown of a vehicle, passengers must follow any instructions given to them by the Company’s staff to ensure their safety.
27. Making time for connections Passengers must allow plenty of time for their coach journey to arrive in time to connect with other forms of transport provided by other carriers or before an appointment when travelling to important appointments. The Company does not accept responsibility for any delays caused by circumstances beyond our control.
28. Comfort breaks Short halts may be made on some routes for refreshments or other reasons. Passengers must return to the coach punctually within the time allowed for these halts. Coaches may have to proceed without a passenger who fails to rejoin the coach at the prescribed time as set out in the timetable or as announced by the driver. The Company will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by such an occurrence.
29. More than one person travelling on one ticket Where two or more people are included on the same ticket, the person purchasing the ticket shall be deemed to do so on the basis that he or she acts as agent for both or all the members of the party and accepts these conditions on behalf of each member of the party. The party must remain together, unless otherwise directed by a Company official (for example due to capacity on a particular vehicle), or purchase separate tickets if the passengers wish to travel separately, in which case no refund will be given.
Responsabilities of the Company
30. It is the Company’s responsibility to carry the passengers, with the minimum discomfort and inconvenience to the destination shown on the ticket. However sometimes, due to circumstances beyond the Company’s control or for other reasons, coach services are disrupted or cancelled.
31. The Company shall not be in breach of its obligations to carry the passengers if a service is cancelled due to circumstances beyond its reasonable control, which shall be deemed to include, but not be limited to traffic congestion, exceptional severe weather conditions, accidents causing delays on the coach service route, fire and/or damage at a coach station, compliance with requests of the police, deaths and collisions on the road, vandalism and terrorism and acts of God.
32. In the event of any failure by the Company to fulfil its obligations due to a circumstance beyond its reasonable control, the passenger shall be entitled to a refund of their ticket price but the Company shall have no additional liability beyond this.
33. If the Company fails to carry the passenger to their destination as shown on their ticket for any reason not otherwise excluded (for instance, and in particular due to a mechanical breakdown of the Company’s coach), the Company shall, at its own expense and discretion as to the means, arrange or provide alternative transport, usually another coach, to complete the journey as soon as reasonably practical having regard to the circumstances. Provided that the Company does so within a reasonable time, it shall have no other liability as a result of any delay in performing its obligations.
34. Limitation of Liability for Breach of Contract Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these terms, the Company’s liability for any failure on its part to carry the passenger to the destination shown on the ticket shall be limited to reimbursing the passenger for the reasonable cost of alternative travel to such destination by public transport and the passenger shall be reimbursed on submission by registered post or electronic means to the Company’s office at ComfortDelGro House, 329 Edgware Road, Cricklewood, London NW2 6JP, United Kingdom of the appropriate receipt or other voucher for the cost of such travel, together with their original Stansted Citylink ticket. In particular, but without prejudice to the above paragraph, the Company shall have no liability for any consequential losses of the passenger as a result of failure by the Company to fulfil its obligations for example but without limitation, passengers missing flights or other onward connections.
On Board Confort
In the interest of all passengers the following “comfort” rules will apply:
35. Noise/entertainment. The playing on coaches and in coach stations of radios, cassette or CD players, personal stereos, musical instruments is not permitted. However, provided that the driver of a coach is satisfied that the sound of a personal stereo does not cause offence or inconvenience either to himself or to the other passengers, he may allow an exception to this requirement. A coach is a confined area and passengers should only use mobile telephones where essential. Where ‘wi-fi’ is provided on its coach, the Company cannot give any undertakings as to the quality of the signal, available bandwidth, download speed or continuity of such a service.
36. Alcoholic drinks. Passengers are not permitted to take alcoholic drinks onto coaches for the purpose of consuming them on board, nor to drink such drinks on the coach or to remain on the coach when in the opinion of the driver they are under the influence of alcoholic drink. Any container of alcohol must remain sealed at all times when on board the coach.
37. No Smoking policy. Passengers are not permitted to smoke, including substitute smoking materials such as electronic cigarettes, on board any vehicle operated by the Company and in all coach stations/shelters (except where it is indicated that smoking is expressly permitted). The Company is entitled to request offending passengers to remove themselves from the coach or coach station/shelter if they do not comply with a request to desist from smoking.
38. Drug and Solvent abuse. Passengers are not permitted to board or remain on board any of the Company’s services whilst under the influence of drugs and/or solvents.
39. Special Needs. Certain seats or wheelchair areas may be reserved for passengers with restricted mobility or other special needs. Passengers should always comply with any requests from staff to make such seats available. Any special requirements should be made known to the Company at least 48 hours in advance of travelling.
40. Wheelchairs. Wherever possible, the Company will assist passengers using wheelchairs. One wheelchair user per coach may be accommodated inside the vehicle provided that the wheelchair does not exceed 1200mm x 700mm in size and the space has been booked in advance. The wheelchair must be appropriately positioned and secured. Folding wheelchairs will be carried where possible; however battery-powered wheelchairs cannot be carried unless they can be safely stowed in disassembled parts in the luggage compartment of the coach. In each case, the weight of each unit must not exceed 20kg. The Company can offer no guarantee that a member of staff trained in the correct lifting and handling of the wheelchair bound passenger will be available to offer assistance. It is therefore incumbent on the passenger to make suitable arrangements to have a qualified person available to assist at boarding, departing or connecting point unless confirmed arrangements have been made in advance with the Company. The final decision regarding the safe carriage of wheelchairs and their occupants rests with the Company staff present at the time of boarding, in line with guidance issued by the Company from time to time.
41. Food & Beverages. Passengers are not allowed to take onto our coaches any hot food or beverages e.g. chips, take-away meals, coffee, tea etc. We are entitled to refuse access to any passenger with hot food or beverages. Passengers are requested not to leave litter on the coach but to dispose of it responsibly.
42. The Company reserves the right to refuse entry or to remove from the Company’s vehicle(s) any passenger who shall be or, in the opinion of the driver or other Company official, appears to be in breach of any of these comfort rules. Travel may also be denied, either at the time of the incident or subsequently, to any passenger who is abusive, violent or threatening to any member of staff or other person. Any passenger so refused or removed shall not be entitled to any refund or compensation whatsoever from the Company and the Company shall have no liability to such passenger whatsoever.
Luggate and Personal Property
43. Neither the Company nor its servants, agents or subcontractors are common carriers and luggage and personal property for carriage will only be accepted on these conditions.
44. We reserve the right to refuse to carry in the hold more than two medium sized (70 x 30 x 45 cm) suitcases, rucksacks or similar package of luggage weighing not more than 20kgs each and more than one small bag inside the coach. Additional luggage may be carried subject to accommodation being available within the vehicle as determined by the driver or other Company official, in which case excess luggage will be subject to a charge of £5 per item. Luggage carried inside the coach must not obstruct any gangway or exit.
45. Large/hazrdous luggage items The Company reserves the right to refuse trunks or other bulky articles, or articles of an objectionable or dangerous nature or which have sharp or protruding edges which may tear or damage other luggage with which it is packed within the coach. The Company is also entitled to request any passenger to open any article of luggage for inspection by the driver or other authorised employee of the Company in the presence of the passenger if, for reasons of security, the Company considers it necessary to do so. Subject to availability of accommodation and payment of the appropriate charge, bicycles and skis/surfboards will be carried provided they are packed in such a way as to prevent damage to other luggage. Fragile items such as electronic goods, portable televisions, radios etc. will only be carried if they are of reasonable size and securely packed. The Company will not be responsible for any damage to such items howsoever caused. Luggage of a potentially hazardous nature (including without limitation weapons, firearms, explosives or flammable items) is not permitted to be carried on any coach without the express permission of a Company official.
46. Passengers are responsible for getting themselves and their luggage onto the correct service. Medication and valuables should not be stowed in the luggage hold but taken on board. If the Company’s staff assists with luggage, it remains the passenger’s responsibility to see it on and off the coach. The passenger must also look after his or her luggage at all times including whilst at coach stations, stops and on the coach.
47. Luggage given into the custody of the Company must be clearly and appropriately labelled and securely packed and locked/fastened. The passenger’s name, destination and contact telephone number should be shown on the outside of the luggage.
48. The Company will not be liable for loss or damage to passengers luggage or to any possessions of the passenger unless such a loss or damage is caused by negligence on the part of the Company, its servants or agents; and, in the event of the Company being liable for loss or damage under this clause, its liability in such case shall be limited to the sum of £100 for any single claim. Where an item of luggage contains items belonging to more than one person, only one claim will be considered by the Company. The Company’s liability will be limited to £25 for any one item within the luggage lost or damaged. The Company will not be liable for any monetary loss whatsoever. This includes currency, valuable securities such as cheques, money orders, premium bonds and certificates and all other items which may be valued in money or money’s worth. The Company recommends passengers to insure their luggage and personal property.
49. Loss of luggage or personal property must be notified immediately to a Company employee and also to the local Police Station. The Company reserves the right to levy a charge for storage and return of lost property in accordance with the applicable regulations. Any lost property which is unclaimed will be disposed of after 60 days, although property considered to be perishable or hazardous may be disposed of immediately. Any item of luggage which may be the cause of cause of concern from a security viewpoint may be passed to the police or other competent authority which could result in its destruction. The Company will accept no liability in respect of the safe keeping of lost or unattended luggage except as detailed above.
Carriage of Animals
50. Animals, other than guide dogs accompanying registered blind persons and hearing dogs accompanying deaf persons, with suitable identification, will not be carried on the Company’s services.
51. If an animal is taken on board without the driver’s permission the passenger will be required to remove it.
General
52. The published journey times of services are approximate only and the Company does not undertake that services will start or arrive at the time specified in its timetables or on its website or that such services will connect with any other services shown as connecting services.
53. Except as provided in these terms, the Company will not be held liable for any loss howsoever arising or caused as a result of any delay to such services or by the same not operating in accordance with their published timings.
54. The Company reserves the right to alter its timetables or suspend, cancel or withdraw services or departures or other facilities without notice, whether before or after a passenger has booked accommodation on the same.
55. The right is reserved to provide carriage between the points stated on the ticket issued to the passenger by means other than the vehicles scheduled to run on the journeys to which the ticket relates.
56. Any arrangements for hotel accommodation, meals, refreshments, admissions to or for the use of premises, vehicles (including coaches), trains, ferries, aircraft or other means of conveyance operated by persons or bodies other than the Company are made by the Company as agent for and on behalf of the passenger, on the express condition that the Company shall not be liable for any loss, damage, injury, delay or inconvenience howsoever caused to the passenger as a result of any such arrangements for such matters or use thereof. Such arrangements are subject to any by-laws, regulations or conditions of the provider of the facility.
57. Applicable law Any ticket sold or arrangement entered into on behalf of the passenger is on the condition that the laws of England shall apply to the contract arising and to the determination of the rights and liabilities of the respective parties and that no action or other proceedings shall be brought by either party in relation to the contract or for damages independent of such contract except in a court of competent jurisdiction in England. Unless otherwise stated in these Conditions of Carriage, no person other than the passenger or the Company shall have the benefit of, or be entitled to rely upon or enforce any term of any contract of carriage between these parties. Any reference herein to gender shall include all genders, and singular and plural shall apply according to context.

Stansted Airport – London service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Airport Bus Express

1. Making a Purchase with us
2.1 Once you purchase the ticket, it is not refundable.
2.2 Once we have reviewed your order we will email you the e-ticket which must be printed out and brought with you on your journey.
2.3 You must travel with your ticket:
You must take your ticket with you whenever you travel in our coach and should produce your ticket to the drive. If you do not take your ticket with you when traveling, or do not produce your ticket when asked, then you are deemed to have travelled without a ticket. If you do not have a ticket when you board, and subject to seats that are available, a ticket must be purchased from the driver. If you purchased an electronic ticket you must ensure that it can be displayed at all times the driver, or any authorised Airport Express Bus employee, on your smart phone.
2.4 Images of products on this website are for illustrative purposes only.
2.5 Whilst we try to be as accurate as possible, all information provided is approximate and is provided in good faith.
2.6 This contract is covered by English law.
2.7 By placing an order with us, you agree to and accept these terms, as well as our privacy policy and the terms of website use.
3. How to place order
3.1 You can use our website to place an order by selecting the product you wish to buy and adding it to your basket. Items you do not require can be removed from your basket at any time.
3.2 Carriage charges will be shown prior to you placing your order.
3.3 You will be required to pay for the goods in full at the time of ordering.
3.4 We use secure payment facilities for online purchases which are supported by industry standard SSL encryption, which we are responsible for. You can pay for your order on our secure website by Visa, Mastercard or Delta/Connect, and your details will be transferred to the payment system using SSL encryption.
3.5 Promotional prices only apply during the period stated.
3.6 All prices quoted on our website are in UK pounds and include Value Added Tax at the current rate.
3.7 Once your order has been confirmed, changes may not be possible or may incur additional charges.
3.8 Once your order is complete we will email you your e-ticket.
3.9 We use Sage Pay to collect and process transaction information, further details of Sage Pay’s security policy can be found here: www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/security-policy
4. Your e-ticket details
4.1 Tickets are not refundable,
4.2 Your e-ticket is non-refundable.
4.3 Your ticket is an open ticket and is valid in both directions.
4.4 Your ticket is only valid for use once, although anybody you authorise may use your ticket.
4.5 If we change the price the ticket is valid for 90 days following the price change.
5. Cancellation and returns
5.1 Your ticket is non-refundable and cannot be returned.
6. Liability
6.1 The products sold on this website have been designed to comply with all relevant UK legislation. We cannot warrant or represent that they comply with any legal requirement outside the uk.
6.2 We do not accept liability for any consequential loss of profit or indirect losses. You should therefore not book installation of the goods until you have received them and inspected them.

Barcellona Airport – Barcellona service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY AEROBÚS

TRANSPORT CONDITIONS

Tickets with a QR code must be validated before boarding the bus.
Please have a valid copy of your ticket during the whole journey.
Please do not talk or distract the driver.
Please leave the reserved seats to those who need them.
Do not eat or drink on board of our buses.
Please place your luggage in the dedicated space.
Please request your stop in advance.
Please move close to the exit if your stop is nearby.
Please keep an eye on your belongings.
 

STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOUR:

Do not smoke on board.

Do not damage or vandalize the bus.

Passengers must board and alight from the dedicated doors.

Passengers must satisfy with appropriate conditions of health and hygiene in order to not annoy or inconvenience other customers.

Please follow the instructions given by our staff.

Travelling with animals is not allowed except for assistance dogs or small domestic animals kept in suitable containers.

Staff may refuse entry or remove from the bus passengers who not fulfil the above mentioned conditions.

 

TICKETS:

Passengers must have a valid ticket for their whole journey.

One way tickets are valid 1 year.
Return tickets. The online ticket is valid 1 year while just the retunr segmenti is valid 15 days from the use of the first segment. After this periods the tickets are not valid anymore.
The AEROBUS it is not an integrated service to the Fare System therefore the AEROBUS ticket does not allow for change over or any other type of public transport.
Kids up to 4 years old travel free.

Tickets tampered with or damaged are invalid.

OFFENCE AND PENALTY FARES:

Travelling without a valid ticket will be sanctioned with a minimum penalty fare of €100.
This is an extract from the passenger regulations of the public transport services covered by the Barcelona Metropolitan Transport Authority.
Read the full conditions of carriage on the website of AMB (http://www.ambmobilitat.cat/Principales/Inicio.aspx).

The bus drivers and bus stop staff can provide claim forms.

Treviso Airport – Venice service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Barzi services./strong>

Treviso Airport – Venice service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Barzi services.
GENERAL TRAVEL PROVISIONS
The tickets are named, they cannot be ceded to a third party and they are only valid on the ride and the day for which they were originally issued. In case of a flight delay the passengers will be allowed to the travel on the following ride.
The ticket must be shown to the personnel upon request.
In case the ticket is not used the passenger will not be entitled to a refund nor to a date change.
The price of the service is to be considered the one in effect at the time when it was issued, this applies also in the case of potential following modifications.
Once the tickets are issued the passengers must check that all the details (travel dates, origin and destination of the service, time) are correct.
All the information regarding timetables are subject to changes therefore the exact time of the rides will have to be reconfirmed at the time of booking.
The carrier does not take responsibility for delays or cancelled rides due to circumstances beyond their reasonable control such as strikes and weather conditions.
• Baggage transportation
Each passenger is allowed to carry one hand luggage.
The carrier can refuse to carry any item which is considered incompatible with the ordinary means of the company or that contrast with our safety regulations. It is strictly forbidden to carry liquids of any kind.
The carrier is not liable for any lost, stolen, damaged items or baggage.
The luggage it is not insured and travels at the passengers own risk.
Claims must be personally lodged and successively confirmed in writing within two days from the travel date.
In the event that a piece of luggage given in custody to the carrier is lost the refund will never exceed €100.
All parcels must be clearly labelled with the address and contact details of both the sender and the recipient.
• Children Transportation
Kids between 0 and 8 years old travel for free.
• Pets Transportation
No pets are allowed to travel on our buses.

Prague Airport – Prague service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Prague Airport

Transfers
All claims for the return of money and claims for damages, if any, must be made in writing or by e-mail within 30 days. After the lapse of this time limit the Customer has no claim for the return of money (compensation). Any complaint of a Customer will however be properly disposed of also in this case. The compensation of any damage/inconvenience caused is limited to a maximum amount that is equal to the price of the transport for individual booking but does not exceed an amount of CZK 2,000. (€73).

Complaints
In the case of any problem, the following procedure for handling complaints must be followed. If a Customer wants to make a claim for damages, the Company must be informed immediately about the situation that has arisen in the case of any problem. In case a Customer cannot find his Driver or has any other problem with a particular service ordered, he contacts the Company immediately over the telephone using the stated telephone number. If a problem is not solved immediately or to the required extent, the Customer informs the Company of this fact by e-mail or in writing and gives all details concerning the complaint. Then the complaint will be investigated as soon as possible, usually within a few days.

Obligations of the Customer
A Customer is obligated to behave according to the Driver’s instructions during the transport and in general to observe the applicable safety regulations for the transport. A Customer notes that he has been notified of all circumstances, including the safety regulations, before the execution of the transport. A Customer also undertakes not to damage the carrier’s equipment and transport spaces in any way, and to keep it clean. A Customer is aware of his liability for damage that he causes to the Company or ordered carrier due to the Customer’s behaviour if the mentioned obligations are breached. Furthermore, a Customer is obligated to start the journey at the agreed start time, with the exception of cases when factors outwith his control prevent this, such as the reasons mentioned
INFANT (0-2) are not entitled to a seat and will have to travel on the laps of the accopanying adult
Validity of the Commercial Terms and Conditions
These commercial terms and conditions are valid for an indefinite term starting on 10 March 2016. If these terms and conditions are changed, as reserved by the Company, the commercial terms and conditions in the version valid at the time when the contract was signed or the valid purchase order was sent are binding on the Customer.

Modlin Airport – Warsaw centre service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY TRANS KINETIK Sp. z o.o. Sp. k.

I.General provisions
1. The following terms and conditions (hereinafter referred to as “Terms and Conditions of Carriage”) defines terms and conditions of service, check-in, passenger transport and their luggage in accordance with the Transport Act of 15 November 1984 (i.e. Journal of Laws [Dz. U.] from 2012 item 1173) hereinafter referred to as the “Transport Law”.
2. The terms and conditions hereof shall apply to the licensed domestic passenger coach Carriage Services operated by Radosław Rzepnikowski and Janusz Sadowski acting as the company TRANS KINETIK Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. with the registered office in Warsaw, at ul. Pełczyńskiego 22a lok. 78, 01-471 Warsaw, Tax ID (NIP): 522-299-59-83, based on the permits for regular coach Carriage Services, including, in particular, permits for execution of regular services in the domestic road transport Modlin – Warsaw– Łódź and pursuant to the permit for execution of special regular services in the domestic road transport Warszaw – Modlin Permit 0000968/2 dated 26.09.2013 Permit 0000968/2 dated 5 November 2012 Permit 0000968/1 dated 21 August 2012 Permit 0000968 dated 1 August 2012.
II.Definitions
1. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions of Carriage the following definitions shall apply:
a. Carrier – Radosław Rzepnikowski and Janusz Sadowski acting as Trans Kinetik Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. with the registered office in Warsaw, at ul. Pełczyńskiego 22a lok. 78, 01-471 Warsaw, Tax ID (NIP): 522-299-59-83, providing services of Passenger transport based on the permits for special regular services in the domestic road transport;
b. Ticket – a document issued by the Carrier in the form of an e-Ticket or a Regular ticket entitling the holder to a single use of the service provided by the Carrier;
c. e-Ticket – a document issued and delivered by the Carrier electronically in the form of a graphic file, which entitles the holder to a single use of the service provided by the Carrier. An e-Ticket printed out by a Passenger or a person acting on a Passenger’s request, including a Ticket sales agent, shall remain an e-Ticket;
b. Regular Ticket – a document issued by the Carrier in a Point of Sales, which entitles the holder to a single use of the service provided by the Carrier;
c. Fee – a fee for the Carriage Service provided on the Ticket;
f. Passenger – a person which holds a valid ticket for the use of a Carriage Service provided by the Carrier, in particular, a person using such a service based on a valid ticket and a child under 2 carried on a lap of a parent or a guardian.
g. Luggage – movable objects placed in a suitable packaging taken on board by a Passenger;
h. Hold Luggage – luggage of maximum weight of 30 kg carried in the luggage hold;
i. Hand Luggage – luggage whose dimensions allow for placing the luggage under the seat or on a shelf above a Passenger’s seat. The luggage cannot obstruct the aisle, emergency exits or be placed on a seat during the journey;
j. Carriage Service – a Carriage Service provided by the Carrier, including Luggage transport, from the selected departure place to the place of destination indicated in the Ticket;
k. Contract of Carriage– an agreement concluded by and between the Carrier and a Passenger upon a Passenger’s purchase of the Ticket, in accordance with which the Carrier shall transport the Passenger together with their Luggage from the selected departure place to the place of destination indicated in the Ticket, on conditions included in the Terms and Conditions of the Carriage Service;
l. Point of Sale – a point of Ticket sale that belongs to the Carrier’s own distribution network.
m. Carrier’s Website – a Carrier’s website registered at: www.modlinbus.pl, www.modlinbus.com.pl and www.modlinbus.com, through which the Carrier offers the e-Ticket sales system.
III.Passenger
1. A Passenger shall be obliged to comply with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of Carriage, and in particular:
a. to hold a valid Ticket at the check-in time,
b. to prepare the Luggage in such a way so as not to pose any risk to the safety of other Passengers,
c. to place the Luggage which is not Hand Luggage in the right luggage hold of the coach,
d. to fasten the seat belt and use them in accordance with their intended purposes,
e. not to consume alcoholic beverages, smoke and take any substances (e.g. drugs) on board of the coach.
f. in the case of purchasing a Ticket in order to arrive at the airport before a flight, a Passenger shall be obliged to choose such a ride, whose estimated time of arrival at the airport is at least 2 hours before their plane departure, taking into account potential atmospheric conditions and traffic.
2. If the Passenger intends to travel with a child who is less than 150 cm tall, he/she can mount a safety seat or other restraint device in the bus for the time of travel.
In this regard, the carrier informs that:
Child that is 0-2 years of age is carried free of charge, transported exclusively in a car safety seat or other equipment to carry children which correspond to the weight and height of the child and the technical conditions prescribed in the regulations of the European Union or in UNECE regarding car safety seat in the vehicle. A parent or a guardian traveling with a child is obliged to provide a car safety seat on their own. The child should stay in the car safety seat throughout the trip (it is not allowed to carry children on one’s hands or on one’s lap) – these should be reported to the Carrier (via e-mail and / or telephone) before traveling in order to book the seat on the bus, under pain of inability to travel.
Child between 2-12 years old ( 3. An underage person must travel with a legal representative. For the fulfillment of all obligations while traveling through the minor suits her legal representative,
4. The statutory representative an underage person is obliged to control the content of which the underage person use by monitors available on the bus or wi-fi providing access to the Internet.
IV.Luggage
1. Every passenger can take on board a maximum of two pieces of Luggage, including:
a. one piece of Hold Luggage,
a. one piece of Hand Luggage.
2. Furthermore, the Carrier enables a Passenger a possibility of transporting sport equipment (bicycle, snowboard, etc.) if and only if it is possible to place it in the luggage hold and packaging, which enables save journey.
3. The transportation service specified in sections 1 and 2 above shall exclude:
1) objects whose transport is forbidden pursuant to separate legal regulations;
2) dangerous objects or objects that may cause harm to people or property;
3) corpse and human remains.
4. In the case of a reasonable suspicion, the Carrier may check whether the content of luggage does not violate the provisions of section 3 above. Should a Passenger not report to participate in the inspection or cannot be found, inspection shall be performed in the presence of persons designated by the Carrier to this purpose.
5. Should any violation of section 3 be determined, the costs related to the inspection shall be borne by the Passenger.
6. The Carrier may refuse to accept as luggage any objects that due to their condition of properties may be damaged or destroyed during the transport if the packaging used is not sufficient or if no required packaging has been provided.
7. The Carrier shall not accept for storage any deposits of money, securities and valuable objects, in particular valuables or objects of scientific or artistic value. The Passenger may transport the above-mentioned objects only in their Hand Baggage under their own supervision. The Carrier shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of the above-mentioned objects, unless such a damage or loss was caused by willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Carrier.
8.The amount of compensation payable by the Carrier for loss or damage to property cannot exceed the normal value of things. In the case of the carriage of goods with value greater than 500.00 (five hundred) zloty especially electronic equipment, the Passenger must insure them on their own and report the fact to the personnel prior to placing the luggage in the hold.
9. Any baggage left in the vehicle after a completed bus ride on a given route, if, subject to the regulations on lost and found objects, it has not been handed over to the right authority yet, shall be released to the authorized Passenger against acknowledgement of receipt by the Passenger, upon proving the Passenger’s right to collect the Baggage. Objects left in vehicles out of forgetfulness or other reasons shall not be covered by protection or liability of the Carrier, unless the damage was caused by fault of the Carrier.
10. The Carrier shall not be responsible for any baggage or objects outside the baggage compartment, unless the damage was caused by fault of the Carrier.
V.Carrier
1. Pursuant to these Terms and Conditions of Carriage, the Carrier shall:
a. perform the Carriage Service by coach, which includes transport of a Passenger and their Luggage, in accordance with the Contract of Carriage in the route specified in the Ticket.
b. ensure safety and hygienic conditions, comfort as well as proper service during provision of the Carriage Service.
2. The Carrier shall have the right to refuse to provide a Carriage Service or refuse continuation of transport if:
a. a Passenger does not comply with the transport law regulations or terms and conditions of the Contract of Carriage and the Terms and Conditions,
b. a Passenger is in a state or acts in a manner that could affect the safety or comfort of other Passengers; in particular, the Carrier may not allow carriage or may refuse further carriage of a Passenger who by their behavior disturbs the public order, acts offensively, insultingly or aggressively, unless such refusal to provide the Carriage Service or to further carry a Passenger violates social principles.
3. The Carrier reserves the right to commission the Carriage Service to other carriers.
4. The Carrier shall not be liable for any delays resulting from fortuitous events and traffic events beyond their control.
5. Carrier reserves the right to update the timetable, while varying the already made reservations.
6. In the event of any delay of arrival of the last scheduled plane at the Warsaw-Modlin Airport on a given day, the Carrier reserves the right to delay departure of the last coach from the Warsaw-Modlin Airport scheduled in the timetable on that day in order to enable passengers whose flight has been delayed use the Carrier’s service directly after their arrival. In the event of the aforementioned delay all Passengers who purchased the Ticket for the delayed coach before the Carrier’s announcement of a delayed coach departure shall be entitled to return their Ticket until the start of coach departure and to receive a refund of the total Ticket fee.
7. The Carrier on selected routes (eg. Łódź, Bydgoszcz, Toruń, Włocławek, Płock) provides the ability to use of the monitors available in the seats. The passenger can watch videos from the set of films available on the monitors by the Carrier and the use of monitors to use the internet via wi-fi. Purchase a ticket for the indicated route does not guarantee a seat with access to the monitor because one of the seats is without access to the monitor.
8. In the case of journeys made on the route referred to in paragraph. 6 above, the Carrier is entitled to substitute for the purpose of carriage coach or bus not equipped with monitors when bus equipped with monitors is unavailable for reasons of service.
VI.Ticket
1. Only a valid Ticket held by a Passenger at the moment of check-in shall be a document entitling to the service with Luggage on conditions described in the following Terms and Conditions of Carriage.
2. The Carrier sells Tickets through the online sale system available at the Carrier’s Website in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of Online Ticket Sales and at a Point of Sales. Tickets may also be sold by agents purchasing Tickets on a Passenger’s request on the Carrier’s Website.
3. A purchase of a Ticket shall oblige a Passenger to pay the Fee.
4. Tickets issued by the Carrier shall bear a holder’s name and may not be re-sold by Passengers.
5. Regular Tickets or e-Tickets must be shown by a Passenger to the coach crew representing the Carrier for verification purposes. It is a condition for using the Carriage Service.
6. Invoices are issued on the Customer’s request. The Service Provider shall reserve 21 days for sending of a printed-out invoice.
The message should have an original receipt attached and in the case of a lack, the invoice cannot be issued. In the case of invoices for electronic tickets, the request for an invoice can be sent by an e-mail.
7. A parent or a guardian travelling with a child under the age of 2 shall carry with the child on their lap or in a child safety seat.
8. Carriage of a child under the age of 2 on a parent’s or guardian’s seat shall not be subject to any additional fee.
9. A child at the age from 0 to 12 travelling depending on their age on a passenger seat or a safety child seat shall be entitled to a Concessionary Ticket.
10. The remaining Passengers shall be obliged to purchase Full-fare Tickets.
VII.Change and return of a ticket
1. Until the departure date provided on the ticket a Passenger may request a change of departure date or time. However, such a change may be introduced only if there are still seats available for the new journey indicated by a Passenger.
2. In the event of a flight cancellation or redirection to an airport other than Warsaw-Modlin due to reasons beyond the Carrier’s control (force majeure, fog, snowstorm, etc.), the Ticket cannot be returned. It is possible, however, to change the travel date, but it must be done before the departure date specified in the Ticket subject to availability of seats on a given service.
3. In the event of a delay resulting from fortuitous events, as well as traffic events, the Ticket cannot be returned.
4. Should a Passenger be late for a given ride due through their own fault or as a result of a delayed arrival, the Ticket cannot be return. The Carrier may recognize the unused Ticket as valid for the next service or the first service the next day, depending on the number of seats available.
VIII.Transport of animals
1. It shall be forbidden to transport animals in carrier’s coaches, except for a guide dog assisting a disabled person.
2. A guide dog should be equipped with a harness bearing a visible writing “Pies asystujący” (an assistance dog) and have a certificate confirming the status of the assistance dog as well as certificates of performed veterinary vaccinations. A disabled person shall not be obliged to put a muzzle on the assistance dog and keep it on a leash.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USING FREE INTERNET ACCESS (WIFI) AND ADDITIONAL SERVICES
1. The following Terms and Conditions stipulate terms and principles of using the Internet access via Wi-Fi and Additional Services provided by the Service Provider (boarding pass print-out and passenger online check-in).
2. For additional services the Service Provider shall charge fees in the amount specified in the service price list available in every coach.
3. A Passenger who wishes to use the Wi-Fi Services shall read these Terms and Conditions. The use of the Wi-Fi Service shall be equivalent to acceptance of terms and principles contained herein.
4. Upon acceptance hereof a Passenger shall proceed in the web search to the website www.modlinbus.pl with an option for further free use of Wi-Fi and Additional Services.
5. A Passenger who uses the Wi-Fi service is its User.
6. A User shall not be allowed to use the Wi-Fi Service for illegal purposes, in particular:
a. sending and sharing contents that violate any personal rights,
b. download and share contents violating copyrights of third parties (e.g. software, films, music, etc.), contents of a racist character, pornographic content, etc.,
c. send advertising contents unordered by customers (spam),
d. deliberately spread computer viruses and other programs that can damage computers of other Internet users or storage of data,
e. obtain unauthorized access to IT system resources of other Internet users.
7. A User shall bear the exclusive responsibility for the manner in which the Wi-Fi Service is used, including its content and the content of messages sent, taking into account the possible criminal liability for any illegal acts.
8. The statutory representative an underage person is obliged to control the content of which the underage person use by monitors available on the bus or wi-fi providing access to the Internet.
9. The carrier on the route from Bydgoszcz-Torun-Wloclawek-Plock-Modlin-PKiN-Okecie provides the opportunity to use the monitors which are available in 48 of the 49 seats. The passenger can watch videos from the set of films made available on the monitors by the Carrier and the use of monitors to use the internet via wi-fi. Buying a ticket for the indicated route does not guarantee a place with access to the monitor because one of 49 seats is without the access to the monitor.
10. In the case of journeys made on the route referred to in paragraph 9, the Carrier is entitled to substitute for the purpose of carriage coach or bus not equipped with monitors when bus equipped with monitors is unavailable for reasons of service.
11. In the event of any violation hereof by a User, as well as the misuse of Wi-Fi Service, the Service Provider shall have the right to deprive a User their access to it.
12. Due to the moving of coaches during the use of Wi-Fi, the Service Provider shall not guarantee:
a. uninterrupted proper functioning of the Wi-Fi Services,
b. fixed bandwidth and other of its parameters,
c. availability of all network services
13. The Service Provider shall not be responsible for:
a. unauthorized use by a User of software and other works that are subject to intellectual property protection of contents available on the Internet,
b. reduced bandwidth, as well as temporary lack of Internet access through Wi-Fi network and a temporary lack of access to Additional Services.
c. any damage caused by delays in receipt or transfer of data caused by lack of transmission, incorrect transmission, delays or interruptions in the access to the Wi-Fi Service,
d. any damage caused by a User’s use of the software supplied by third parties via the Internet,
e. any damage constituting a consequence of making available to third parties of such data as: logins, user names, passwords, etc.
f. damage caused by a lack of possibility to use Additional Services as a consequence of bandwidth limitation or temporary lack of connection with the Internet due to technical reasons,
g. lack of wireless access to the Internet in the event of a necessity to transport Users by a replacement coach,
h. incompatibility of a User’s computer with the wireless infrastructure,
i. privacy policy of websites other than the Service Provider’s website.
14. The exclusions enumerated in paragraph 10 above shall not include damage caused deliberately by the Service Provider or persons for which the Service Provider is responsible.
15. The Service Provider shall not provide Users with support in the scope of computer and IT services operation.
16. The radio transmission of data as part of the Wi-Fi Service is not encrypted.
17. In order to be able to use the Wi-Fi Service and Additional Services, the Service Provider may use cookie files at each connection of a User’s computer to the network made available by the Service Provider.
18. Pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act dated 29 August 1997 (i.e. Journal of Laws [Dz.U.] from 2002, No. 101, item 926 as amended). The Service Provider shall be the administrator of the personal data of a User using the Wi-Fi Service. The Service Provider shall be obliged to keep a User’s personal data confidential. Exception to the above provision shall be a situation in which a User authorizes the Service Provider to disclose their personal data to other entities or such authorization shall result from law.
19. Personal data of Users shall be collected and stored by the Service Provider for statistical purposes and upon consent of a User for marketing purposes.
20. Each User shall have the right to access, complete, update, correct and demand cessation of processing, removal of their personal data, if they are incomplete, outdated, false or were collected by violation of the Act or are useless for the purpose, for which they were collected. Rights and obligations of a User in the scope of personal data are defined by the Personal Data Protection Act of 29 August 1997 (i.e. Journal of Laws [Dz.U.] from 2002, No. 101, item 926 as amended).
21. To matters not settled herein, generally applicable law regulations as well as the Terms and Conditions of Online Ticket Sales available at www.modlinbus.pl in the Terms and Conditions tab shall apply.

Faro Airport – Faro service: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSENGER CARRIAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Faroshuttlebus

1. Description of Services:
FaroShuttleBus is a transport service that connects door to door Faro airport with hotels and tourist apartments in the Algarve.
Service rates are per person and vary according to the final destination. We operate 24 hours / 365 days a year. Infants under 2 years old travel free of charge. You can rent child seats for 5 Euro/seat/transfer. You must notify this by email at least 24 hours before the transfer. The e-mal shall be sent to info@faroshuttlebus.com
Your ticket is your contract with FaroShuttleBus:
A ticket that has been issued to you is evidence of a contract between you and the Company. If the ticket entitles you to any goods or services from a third party, it is also evidence of a contract between you and that party. Your email address will be used
to send you a confirmation of the service you have purchased with FaroShuttleBus.
2. Customer Pickup Procedure:
A. Airport to Hotel Shuttle Service (Shared Transfer)
Upon your arrival to Faro Airport you must contact our FaroShuttleBus agents located at FaroShuttleBus desk nº 27 at the Arrivals Terminal by the luggage belts. Our agents will direct you to the bus. This service may be shared with other customers.
The price for the Service requested depends on the area of Drop-off.
If you have troubles finding us, please call our emergency number: 00351914913250
NOTE: The maximum waiting time shall not exceed 45 minutes counting from the moment you
reach our desk.
B. Hotel to Airport Shuttle Service (Shared Transfer)
The vehicle will pick you up at the time and place specified in the reservation. You should allow a delay on maximum 15 minutes due to traffic. If you are not present at the set time and place, the vehicle will wait for maximum 5 minutes and no refund will be made.
This transfer may be a shared with other customers. The price for the service depends on the area of Pick-up.

3. General Conditions and cancellation policy
Payment terms
Payment of Services shall be made at the time of your Reservation, by credit card VISA, MasterCard for the amount due.
Baggage Insurance
The liability of the Company in case of loss, or theft, the client’s luggage is limited in accordance
with Spanish Legislation on Road Transport.
Special Equipment
If you carry special equipment, such as Golf/Ski equipment, bicycles, extra luggage, please contact us at info@faroshuttlebus.com for information about applicable supplements.
TIKTOK – Terms of Service
If you are a user having your usual residence in Germany, instead of the below this EULA exclusively shall apply.

General Terms – All Users
1.Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to TikTok (the “Platform”), which is provided by Musical.ly, Inc., with registered office at 1920 Olympic Blvd, Santa Monica, CA 90404, USA, or one of our affiliates that may be specified in the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific below to the extent you access the Services from a specific jurisdiction (collectively such entities will be referred to as “Bytedance”, “we” or “us”).

You are reading the terms of service (the “Terms”), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the “Services”). Our Services are provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of these Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services.

The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully.

2.Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with Bytedance, that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also subject to our Privacy Policy and Community Policy, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile device’s applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference.

If you access or use the Services from within a jurisdiction for which there are separate supplemental terms, you also hereby agree to the supplemental terms applicable to users in each jurisdiction as outlined below, and in the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Services, and the rest of these Terms, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not access or use our Services.

If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) “you” and “your” includes you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity’s behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any employees, agents or contractors.

You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.

You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.

3.Changes to the Terms
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide reasonable notice to all users of any material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms, which reflect the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services.

4.Your Account with Us
To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.

It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you must promptly notify us at feedback@tiktok.com.

You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account.

We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.

If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account deleted, we can take care of this for you. Please contact us via feedback@tiktok.com, and we will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Please be minded that once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.

5.Your use of our services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You may not:

access or use the Services if you are not over 13 or otherwise able to agree to these Terms;

to the greatest extent permitted under applicable law, make unauthorised copies, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any derivative works based on the Services, including any files, tables or documentation (or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied the Platform or any derivative works thereof;

distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or any derivative works thereof;

market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or charge, or use the Platform to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation; use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;

interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt our website or any networks connected to the Services, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services;

incorporate the Platform or any portion thereof into any other program or product. In such case, we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Services in our sole discretion;

use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Services;

impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent you or your affiliation with any person or entity, including giving the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise make available emanates from the Services;

intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;

use or attempt to use another’s account, service or system without authorisation from Bytedance, or create a false identity on the Services;

use the Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest or undermine the purposes of the Services, such as trading reviews with other users or writing or soliciting shill reviews;

use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way:

files that contain viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful;

any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other prohibited form of solicitation;

any private information of any third party, including addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, number and feature in the personal identity document (e.g., National Insurance numbers, passport numbers) or credit card numbers;

any material which does or may infringe any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property or privacy rights of any other person;

any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory;

any material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or self-harm;

any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people;

any material that contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence;

any material that is racist or discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone’s race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality;

any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly licensed or otherwise qualified to provide;

material that, in the sole judgment of Bytedance, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or which may expose Bytedance, the Services or its users to any harm or liability of any type; or

In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our Community Policy.

We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include finding the content objectionable, in violation of these Terms or our Community Policy, or otherwise harmful to the Services or our users.

6.Intellectual Property Rights
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of the Services, you agree not to use the Services to infringe on any intellectual property rights, for example, you must not upload any content owned by anyone else to the Platform. We reserve the right, with or without notice, at any time and in our sole discretion to block access to and/or terminate the accounts of any user who infringes or is alleged to infringe any copyrights or other intellectual property rights.

7.Content
Bytedance Content

As between you and Bytedance, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music on and “look and feel” of the Services, and all intellectual property rights related thereto (the “Bytedance Content”), are either owned or licensed by Bytedance, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content (as defined below) you upload or transmit through the Services. Use of the Bytedance Content or materials on the Services for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever without our or, where applicable, our licensors’ prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to their content.

You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and Gifts (defined below), and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content (defined below) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service ( e.g. , you cannot claim User Content that has been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetization).

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the Bytedance Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. Bytedance reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the Bytedance Content. You acknowledge and agree that Bytedance may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.

NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE.

You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services.

We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any Bytedance Content (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Platform (including User Content).

User-Generated Content

Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs, user videos, sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein, including videos that incorporate locally stored sound recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise (“User Content”). Users of the Services may also extract all or any portion of User Content created by another user to produce additional User Content, including collaborative User Content with other users, that combine and intersperse User Content generated by more than one user. Users of the Services may also overlay music, graphics, stickers, Virtual Items (as defined and further explained in the “SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – VIRTUAL ITEMS POLICY “) and other elements provided by Bytedance (“Bytedance Elements”) onto this User Content and transmit this User Content through the Services. The information and materials in the User Content, including User Content that includes Bytedance Elements, have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on the Services (including through use of the virtual gifts) do not represent our views or values.

Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services (including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at Section 5 above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content that includes Bytedance Elements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out in this Section 7 above.

You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.

Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party platforms, and/or adopt any third party content.

If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services .

You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise others users of the Services and other third-parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented.

You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content.

For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to Use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner ( e.g. , a record label), a musical work copyright owner ( e.g. , a music publisher), a performing rights organization ( e.g. , ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a “ PRO ”), a sound recording PRO (e.g. , SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in the creation of User Content.

Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists .If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a [PRO], then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through these Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO’s reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in these Terms in your User Content or have such music publisher enter into these Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work ( e.g. , wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in these Terms. If you are a recording artist under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label.

Through-To-The-Audience Rights.All of the rights you grant in your User Content in these Terms are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third party services will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content posted or used on such third party service via the Services.

Waiver of Rights to User Content.By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services.

In certain circumstances, we also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.

We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish, your content at our or their sole discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Platform if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at Section 5 (Your Use of Our Services) above. In addition, we have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content.

You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the Services or only available to people you approve. To change the default access setting for how your User Content is made available to other users, you should select the privacy setting available within the Apps.

We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third parties.

If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users please contact us at feedback@tiktok.com.

Bytedance takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of. It is Bytedance’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others.

While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively “ Feedback ”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us , you agree that:

we have no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;

Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way;

and You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.

8.Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Bytedance, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of a breach by you or any user of your account of these Terms or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and warranties under these Terms.

9.EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM. IN PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR;

ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; AND

DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.

NO CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE

10.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.

SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR: (I) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY); (II) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL; (III) ANY LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY; (IV) ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED BY YOU; OR (V) ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU. ANY OTHER LOSS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO BYTEDANCE WITHIN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.

ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF:

ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY YOU ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE ADVERTISING APPEARS ON THE SERVICE;

ANY CHANGES WHICH WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);

THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;

YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION; OR

YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ONLY PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.

IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT THAT WE HAVE SUPPLIED DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT BELONGING TO YOU AND THIS IS CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, WE WILL EITHER REPAIR THE DAMAGE OR PAY YOU COMPENSATION. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE OR FOR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOU FAILING TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO HAVE IN PLACE THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ADVISED BY US.

THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.

YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT-MESSAGING AND DATA CHARGES. IF YOU’RE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING THE SERVICE.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE US AND OUR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.

11.Other Terms
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction for users in the European Union. These Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of Singapore subject only to any mandatory provisions of consumer law in the country in which you reside. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods as well as any other similar law, regulation or statute in effect in any other jurisdiction shall not apply. You and TikTok irrevocably agree that the courts of the country in which you reside shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter or formation. Alternatively, you may raise the dispute with an alternative dispute resolution body via the EU Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform.

Open Source. The Apps contain certain open source software. Each item of open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms, which can be found at Open Source Policy.

Entire Agreement.These Terms (including the Supplemental Terms below) constitute the whole legal agreement between you and Bytedance and govern your use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreements between you and Bytedance in relation to the Services.

Links. You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Platform in any website that is not owned by you. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out at Section 5 (Your Use of Our Services) above. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

Age Limit.The Platform is only for people 13 years old and over unless they have the consent of a parent or legal guardian. By using the Platform, you confirm that you are over the relevant age specified above. If we learn that someone under the relevant age specified above is using the Platform, we will terminate that user’s account. In addition, if you are under the relevant age specified above, you confirm that you possess legal parental or guardian consent for accessing or using the Platform, and are fully able and competent to enter into, abide by, and comply with the Terms

No Waiver. Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.

Security. We do not guarantee that our Platform will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our Platform. You should use your own virus protection software.

Severability.If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.

Any Questions?Get in touch at feedback@tiktok.com.

Supplemental Terms – App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply:

Notice regarding Apple. By accessing the Platform through a device made by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

These Terms between Bytedance and you; Apple is not a party to these Terms.

The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install the Platform on the Apple device(s) authorised by Apple that you own or control for personal, non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of Services.

Apple is not responsible for the Platform or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform.

In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Platform, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.

Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Platform or your possession or use of the Platform, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.

In the event of any third party claim that the Platform or your possession and use of the Platform infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim.

You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.

Bytedance expressly authorises use of the Platform by multiple users through the Family Sharing or any similar functionality provided by Apple.

Windows Phone Store.By downloading the Platform from the Windows Phone Store (or its successors) operated by Microsoft, Inc. or its affiliates, you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

You may install and use one copy of the Platform on up to five (5) Windows Phone enabled devices that are affiliated with the Microsoft account you use to access the Windows Phone Store. Beyond that, we reserve the right to apply additional conditions or charge additional fees.

You acknowledge that Microsoft Corporation, your phone manufacturer and network operator have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Platform.

Amazon Appstore. By downloading the Platform from the Amazon Appstore (or its successors) operated by Amazon Digital Services, Inc. or affiliates (“Amazon”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Amazon Appstore Terms of Use or such other terms which Amazon designates as default end user license terms for the Amazon Appstore (“Amazon Appstore EULA Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from the Amazon Appstore, and

Amazon does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by Bytedance or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms.

Google Play.By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates (“Google”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play (all of which together are referred to as the “Google Play Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from Google Play, and

you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by Bytedance or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms.

Supplemental Terms – Virtual Items Policy
The TikTok Diamond Program (the “Program”) is open to all users of the Services and is subject to the following terms and conditions of this Virtual Items Policy. We may make the following products and incentives available to you on our Platform from time to time.

COINS

Any user of our Services may purchase virtual “coins” (“Coins”) from us using authorised payment methods provided by Apple or Google. All charges and payments for Coins will be made in the currency specified at the point of purchase through the relevant payment mechanism. Currency exchange settlements, foreign transaction fees and payment channel fees, if any, are based on your agreement with the applicable payment provider. The price of the Coins will be displayed at the point of purchase. You will be responsible for the payment of any Coins purchased by you.

Once your purchase has been completed, your user account will be credited with Coins.

[If you live in the European Union, our acceptance of your order will take place when we email you to accept it, at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us. If you wish to make changes to your purchase, please contact us. We will let you know if this change is possible. Please note that changes may impact price as well as other aspects of the product. You have certain rights to withdraw from a purchase under the Consumer Rights Directive and its implementing legislation. However, if you purchase Coins, you acknowledge and agree that we start supplying the Coins to you promptly once the purchase is complete and therefore, your right to cancel or withdraw from the agreement to purchase is lost at this point.]

Coins cannot be exchanged for cash, or legal tender, or currency of any state, region, or any political entity, or any other form of credit. Coins can only be used on our Platform and as part of our Services, and cannot be combined or used in conjunction with other promotions, coupons, discounts or special offers, except those designated by us.

No Coins may be assigned or transferred to any other user of the Services or third party except as expressly permitted by Bytedance in writing. The sale, barter, assignment or other disposal of any Coins, other than by Bytedance, is expressly prohibited. Accrued Coins do not constitute property and are not transferable: (a) upon death; (b) as part of a domestic relations matter; or (c) otherwise by operation of law. Any Coins assigned, sold, or otherwise transferred without the express written consent of Bytedance are void. Any user of the Services who violates the foregoing restriction is subject to the termination of account with Bytedance, forfeiture of Coins from his or her account, and/or liability for damages and litigation and transaction costs.

All Coins of a user will expire automatically upon termination of such user’s account for any reason.

You agree that we have the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Coins[, where we have a valid reason to do so,] in any general or specific case, and that we will have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right.

If you have any problems with the purchase of Coins, please contact us at transaction@tiktok.com.

GIFTS

Virtual gifts of the Program (“Gifts”) constitute a limited license right for you to certain feature of digital products and Services of the Services. You may exchange your Coins for various Gifts. The exchange rate between each Coin and Gift will be displayed on our Platform at the point of exchange. Published prices do not include taxes (and, to the extent required by applicable laws in your jurisdiction, shall include taxes). If any Gifts are subject to sales tax in any jurisdiction and you have not paid the applicable sales tax to us, then you will be responsible for the payment of such sales tax and any related penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority. You agree that we have the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such exchange rate as we see fit in our sole discretion, in any general or specific case, and that we will have no liability to you based on our exercise of such right.

[If you live in the European Union, our acceptance of your order will take place when we email you to accept it, at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us. If you wish to make changes to your purchase, please contact us. We will let you know if this change is possible. Please note that changes may impact price as well as other aspects of the product.]

All sales of Gifts are final and we do not offer refunds for any purchased Gifts.

When you have exchanged your Coins for Gifts, such Coins will have been used up in your user account. Instead, your user account will be credited with Gifts. Gifts cannot be converted into or exchanged for Coins or cash, or be refunded or reimbursed by us for any reason.

Gifts exchanged or received by any User do not constitute property and are not transferable: (a) upon death; (b) as part of a domestic relations matter; or (c) otherwise by operation of law.

Bytedance may replace previously exchanged copies of Gifts, if we determine in our sole discretion that the Gifts exchanged or received by a user is corrupted or otherwise damaged. We will not charge additional fee for reissuing a corrupted or otherwise damaged Gift. If you receive a corrupted or otherwise damaged Gift, then please conduct us at transaction@tiktok.com. Bytedance reserves the right to terminate, in its sole and absolute discretion, the account of any User that is deemed to be abusing this provision.

In relation to a live stream product, you may contribute your Gifts to rate or show your appreciation for an item of User Content that is uploaded or streamed by another user (“Content Provider”). When this functionality is available on the Services, you can contribute Gifts to User Content by clicking the “Give Gift” button below the relevant User Content. When you have contributed a Gift to an item of User Content, this Gift will have been used up in your account, and converted into Diamond (as defined and further explained below) in the Content Provider’s account.

Please note that when you give a Gift to another user you do so publically so other users on the Services (including the recipient of the Gift) can see your name, user ID and the details of the Gift that you gave. [By giving a Gift, you consent to this information being made available in this manner.]

If you have any problems with Gifts, please contact us at transaction@tiktok.com.

DIAMONDS

In a live stream product, a Content Provider will be entitled to earn virtual credit (“Diamond”) based on the Gifts he/she receives, as a measurement by us on the popularity of the relevant User Content, at a rate of conversion to be determined by Bytedance from time to time in its absolute and sole discretion. For purposes of clarity, users cannot purchase Diamonds.

No Diamonds may be assigned or transferred to any other user of the Services or third party except as expressly permitted by Bytedance in writing. Diamonds cannot be exchanged for Coins or Gifts. The sale, barter, assignment, exchange, transfer or other disposal of any Diamonds, other than by Bytedance, is expressly prohibited. Accrued Diamonds do not constitute property and are not transferable: (a) upon death; (b) as part of a domestic relations matter; or (c) otherwise by operation of law. Any Diamonds assigned, sold, or otherwise transferred without the express written consent of Bytedance are void. Any user of the Services who violates the foregoing restriction is subject to the termination of account with Bytedance, forfeiture of Diamonds from his or her account, and/or liability for damages and litigation and transaction costs.

You agree that Bytedance has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Diamonds as it sees fit in its sole discretion, in any general or specific case, and that Bytedance will have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right.

At any point, a Content Provider can see how much Diamond he/she has accrued on a real-time basis by checking their user account.

A Content Provider can choose, by selecting the relevant options in their user account, to withdraw Diamond in exchange for monetary compensation (to be denominated in US dollars). The applicable monetary compensation will be calculated by us based on various factors including the amount of a user’s Diamond. The withdrawal of Diamond will be subject to the following terms and any additional information provided in the Withdrawal Instructions that are provided to you at the time of such withdrawal, including the applicable daily limits on withdrawal amounts:

the rate of withdrawal will be displayed at the point of withdrawal. You agree that we have the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such withdrawal feature as we see fit in our sole discretion, in any general or specific case, and that we will have no liability to you based on our exercise of such right;

the applicable cash payment will be made directly into your nominated PayPal account or other third-party payment channel account (if applicable). Your first and last name needs to be an exact match to your PayPal account information and your PayPal account needs to be verified. It is your responsibility to ensure that you provide your PayPal (or other payment channel) account information correctly. You are responsible for any losses caused by incorrect PayPal (or other payment channel) account information provided by you. Payment will not be sent to a PayPal account with an email address, a first and last name different from what appears on your account, and an account that has not been verified with PayPal;

we may, at our sole discretion, request you to provide information to verify your identity (including your first and last name and your state ID number). We reserve the right to verify your identity (by requesting a photocopy of your state ID card, or other proof as we may require) and eligibility qualifications to our satisfaction prior to making any payment; and

any withdrawal request to be fulfilled to users under the age of 18 may be, at our sole discretion, fulfilled in the name of the user’s parent or legal guardian (subject to evidence of such relationship and relevant identities being verified if required by us in our sole discretion).

Although we aim to fulfil all withdrawal requests in a timely manner, we do not guarantee fulfilment within a specific period of time (including any estimated timings set out at the time of withdrawal) and we will not be liable to you or any third party for any failure to fulfil a withdrawal request within such time.

If you wish to convert the amount into a currency other than USD, this option may be available within your PayPal (or other payment channel if applicable) account but this is at the discretion of PayPal (or other payment channel if applicable) and the terms and conditions of PayPal (or other payment channel if applicable), including any applicable fees, will apply to such currency conversion.

If you are subject to any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on these payments, you will be responsible for the payment of such taxes (including any related penalties or interest) to the relevant tax authority. We reserve the right to deduct any applicable taxes prior to making such payment if we determine that we are required to do so by applicable law. We also reserve the right to request certifications from you in relation to taxes and to report to tax authorities amounts paid and/or withheld from payments to you.

We reserve the right to deduct Diamond from your account if you are in breach of these Terms. We may cancel the operation of the Diamond incentive at any time [on reasonable notice or, if there is a valid reason for our cancellation, on limited or no notice.] [If we cancel the Diamond incentive, you shall have no right or entitlement to any financial compensation in respect of any Diamond accrued prior to the date of cancellation of the initiative that has not been converted into cash using the mechanism set out in these Terms.]

If you have any problems with Diamonds, please contact us at transaction@tiktok.com.

You may cancel your account at any time, and Bytedance may terminate your account in accordance with the Terms. All the Coins, Gifts or Diamonds in your account will be forfeited immediately upon the cancellation or termination of your account. There will be no refunds for any unused or unredeemed Coins, Gifts or Diamonds or any prepaid fees for any portion of the Services.

TERMS OF USE

Last revised on 10/26/2017

Notice to California subscribers: You may cancel your subscription, without penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the third business day following the date you subscribed. If you subscribed using your Apple ID, refunds are handled by Apple, not Tinder. If you wish to request a refund, please visit https://getsupport.apple.com. If you subscribed using your Google Play Store account or through Tinder Online: Contact customer support

Key changes in this version: We’ve included a legal notice required under California law regarding refunds and updated our legal name to Match Group, LLC
For a summary of our Terms of Use, go to Summary of Terms.

Welcome to Tinder, operated by Match Group, LLC (“us,” “we,” the “Company” or “Tinder”).

1. Acceptance of Terms of Use Agreement.
By creating a Tinder account or by using the Tinder iMessage app (“Tinder Stacks”), whether through a mobile device, mobile application or computer (collectively, the “Service”) you agree to be bound by (i) these Terms of Use, (ii) our Privacy Policy and Safety Tips, each of which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement, and (iii) any terms disclosed and agreed to by you if you purchase additional features, products or services we offer on the Service (collectively, this “Agreement”). If you do not accept and agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement, please do not use the Service.

We may make changes to this Agreement and to the Services from time to time. We may do this for a variety of reasons including to reflect changes in or requirements of the law, new features, or changes in business practices. The most recent version of this Agreement will be posted on the Services under Settings and also on gotinder.com, and you should regularly check for the most recent version. The most recent version is the version that applies. If the changes include material changes that affect your rights or obligations, we will notify you in advance of the changes by reasonable means, which could include notification through the Services or via email. If you continue to use the Services after the changes become effective, then you agree to the revised Agreement.

2. Eligibility.
You must be at least 18 years of age to create an account on Tinder and use the Service. By creating an account and using the Service, you represent and warrant that:

you can form a binding contract with Tinder,
you are not a person who is barred from using the Service under the laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction–meaning that you do not appear on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or face any other similar prohibition,
you will comply with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations, and
you have never been convicted of a felony and that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any state, federal or local sex offender registry.
3. Your Account.
In order to use Tinder, you may sign in using your Facebook login.  If you do so, you authorize us to access and use certain Facebook account information, including but not limited to your public Facebook profile and information about Facebook friends you share in common with other Tinder users. For more information regarding the information we collect from you and how we use it, please consult our Privacy Policy.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials you use to sign up for Tinder, and you are solely responsible for all activities that occur under those credentials. If you think someone has gained access to your account, please immediately contact help@gotinder.com.

4. Tinder Stacks.
Tinder Stacks is an iMessage app that allows users to have a Tinder-like experience outside of Tinder. Through Tinder Stacks, you can select photos from your mobile device to create your own card stack to share with your contacts. Contacts who have Tinder Stacks will be able to vote on the photos by swiping right, swiping left or using the voting buttons. Tinder Stacks operates separately from the main Tinder experience, so when you use Tinder Stacks, you aren’t creating an account, logging in with Facebook, sharing your Facebook details with us or creating a profile that will be shown on Tinder.

5. Modifying the Services and Termination.
Tinder is always striving to improve the Services and bring you additional functionality that you will find engaging and useful. This means we may add new product features or enhancements from time to time as well as remove some features, and if these actions do not materially affect your rights or obligations, we may not provide you with notice before taking them.We may even suspend the Services entirely, in which event we will notify you in advance unless extenuating circumstances, such as safety or security concerns, prevent us from doing so.

You may terminate your account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions in “Settings” in the Service, however you will need to manage your in app purchases through your mobile device platform (e.g., iTunes, Google Play). Tinder may terminate your account at any time without notice if it believes that you have violated this Agreement. Upon such termination, you will not be entitled to any refund for purchases. After your account is terminated, this Agreement will terminate, except that the following provisions will still apply to you and Tinder: Section 5, Section 6, and Sections 13 through 20.

6. Safety; Your Interactions with Other Users.
Though Tinder strives to encourage a respectful user experience through features like the double opt-in that only allows users to communicate if they have both indicated interest in one another, it is not responsible for the conduct of any user on or off of the Services. You agree to use caution in all interactions with other users, particularly if you decide to communicate off the Service or meet in person. In addition, you agree to review and follow Tinder’s Safety Tips, located on gotinder.com, prior to using the Service. You should not provide your financial information (for example, your credit card or bank account information), or wire or otherwise send money, to other users.

YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT TINDER DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON ITS USERS OR OTHERWISE INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ITS USERS. TINDER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF USERS. TINDER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CONDUCT ANY CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK OR OTHER SCREENINGS (SUCH AS SEX OFFENDER REGISTER SEARCHES) AT ANY TIME USING AVAILABLE PUBLIC RECORDS.

7. Rights Tinder Grants You.
Tinder grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, nonexclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of letting you use and enjoy the Services’ benefits as intended by Tinder and permitted by this Agreement. Therefore, you agree not to:

use the Service or any content contained in the Service for any commercial purposes without our written consent.
copy, modify, transmit, create any derivative works from, make use of, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, images, trademarks, trade names, service marks, or other intellectual property, content or proprietary information accessible through the Service without Tinder’s prior written consent.
express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Tinder.
use any robot, bot, spider, crawler, scraper, site search/retrieval application, proxy or other manual or automatic device, method or process to access, retrieve, index, “data mine,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or its contents.
use the Services in any way that could interfere with, disrupt or negatively affect the Service or the servers or networks connected to the Service.
upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services.
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted to or through the Service.
“frame” or “mirror” any part of the Service without Tinder’s prior written authorization.
use meta tags or code or other devices containing any reference to Tinder or the Service (or any trademark, trade name, service mark, logo or slogan of Tinder) to direct any person to any other website for any purpose.
modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile or otherwise disassemble any portion of the Service, or cause others to do so.
use or develop any third-party applications that interact with the Services or other users’ Content or information without our written consent.
use, access, or publish the Tinder application programming interface without our written consent.
probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our Services or any system or network.
encourage or promote any activity that violates this Agreement.
The Company may investigate and take any available legal action in response to illegal and/ or unauthorized uses of the Service, including termination of your account.

Any software that we provide you may automatically download and install upgrades, updates, or other new features. You may be able to adjust these automatic downloads through your device’s settings.

8. Rights you Grant Tinder.
By creating an account, you grant to Tinder a worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, right and license to host, store, use, copy, display, reproduce, adapt, edit, publish, modify and distribute information you authorize us to access from Facebook, as well as any information you post, upload, display or otherwise make available (collectively, “post”) on the Service or transmit to other users (collectively, “Content”). Our license to your Content is subject to your rights under applicable law (for example laws regarding personal data protection to the extent any Content contains personal information as defined by those laws) and is for the limited purpose of operating, developing, providing, and improving the Service and researching and developing new ones. You agree that any Content you place or that you authorize us to place on the Service may be viewed by other users and may be viewed by any person visiting or participating in the Service (such as individuals who may receive shared Content from other Tinder users).

You agree that all information that you submit upon creation of your account, including information submitted from your Facebook account, is accurate and truthful and you have the right to post the Content on the Service and grant the license to Tinder above.

You understand and agree that we may monitor or review any Content you post as part of a Service. We may delete any Content, in whole or in part, that in our sole judgment violates this Agreement or may harm the reputation of the Service.

When communicating with our customer care representatives, you agree to be respectful and kind. If we feel that your behavior towards any of our customer care representatives or other employees is at any time threatening or offensive, we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account.

In consideration for Tinder allowing you to use the Services, you agree that we, our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertising on the Services. By submitting suggestions or feedback to Tinder regarding our Services, you agree that Tinder may use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensating you.

You agree that Tinder may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary, such as to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce this Agreement; (iii) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company or any other person.

9. Community Rules.
By using the Services, you agree that you will not:
use the Service for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by this Agreement.
spam, solicit money from or defraud any users.
impersonate any person or entity or post any images of another person without his or her permission.
bully, “stalk,” intimidate, harass or defame any person.
post any Content that violates or infringes anyone’s rights, including rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or contract right.
post any Content that is hate speech, threatening, sexually explicit or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
post any Content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.
solicit passwords for any purpose, or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users or disseminate another person’s personal information without his or her permission.
use another user’s account.
create another account if we have already terminated your account, unless you have our permission.
Tinder reserves the right to investigate and/ or terminate your account without a refund of any purchases if you have misused the Service or behaved in a way that Tinder regards as inappropriate or unlawful, including actions or communications that occur off the Service but involve users you meet through the Service.

10. Other Users’ Content.
Although Tinder reserves the right to review and remove Content that violates this Agreement, such Content is the sole responsibility of the user who posts it, and Tinder cannot guarantee that all Content will comply with this Agreement. If you see Content on the Services that violates this Agreement, please report it within the Services or via help@gotinder.com.

11. Purchases.
In App Purchases. From time to time, Tinder may offer products and services for purchase (“in app purchases”) through iTunes, Google Play or other application platforms authorized by Tinder (each, a “Software Store”). If you choose to make an in app purchase, you will be prompted to enter details for your account with your Software Store (“your IAP Account”), and your IAP Account will be charged for the in app purchase in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase as well as the general terms for in app purchases that apply to your IAP Account. Some Software Stores may charge you sales tax, depending on where you live. If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription through an in app purchase, your IAP Account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you cancel. After your initial subscription commitment period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically continue for an additional equivalent period, at the price you agreed to when subscribing. If you do not wish your subscription to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, you will need to log in to your IAP account and follow instructions to cancel your subscription, even if you have otherwise deleted your account with us or if you have deleted the Tinder application from your device. Deleting your account on Tinder or deleting the Tinder application from your device does not cancel your subscription; Tinder will retain all funds charged to your IAP Account until you cancel your subscription through your IAP Account.

Tinder Online Purchases.

If you choose to make a purchase through Tinder Online, you agree to pay Tinder all charges at the prices displayed to you for the services you’ve selected as well as any sales or similar taxes that may be imposed on your payments, and you authorize Tinder to charge your chosen payment provider (your “Payment Method”). Tinder may correct any billing errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment. If you initiate a chargeback or otherwise reverse a payment made with your Payment Method, Tinder may terminate your account immediately in its sole discretion.

If you purchase a subscription through Tinder Online, your subscription will continue indefinitely until cancelled by you. After your initial subscription commitment period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically continue for an additional equivalent period, at the price you agreed to when subscribing, until you cancel. You agree that your account will be subject to this automatic renewal feature. If you do not wish your account to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, please log in and go to “My Profile” on Tinder Online and follow the instructions. If you cancel your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term, and your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires.

You may edit your Payment Method information by visiting Tinder Online and going to “My Profile.” If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your Payment Method information or cancel your subscription, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates. In addition, you authorize us to obtain updated or replacement expiration dates and card numbers for your credit or debit card as provided by your credit or debit card issuer. The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, credit card issuer or other provider of your chosen Payment Method. If you reside outside of the Americas, you agree that your payment to Tinder will be through MTCH Technology Services Limited.

Super Likes and Other Virtual Items. From time to time, you may be able to purchase, with “real world” money, a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use “virtual items,” including but not limited to Super Likes (collectively, “Virtual Items”). You are only allowed to purchase Virtual Items from us or our authorized partners through the Service and not in any other way. Virtual Items represent a limited license right governed by this Agreement. Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, Virtual Items obtained by you are licensed to you, and you acknowledge that no title or ownership in or to Virtual Items is being transferred or assigned to you. This Agreement should not be construed as a sale of any rights in Virtual Items. Any Virtual Item balance shown in your account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of your license. Virtual Items do not incur fees for non-use, however, the license granted to you in Virtual Items will terminate in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, when Tinder ceases providing the Service or your account is otherwise closed or terminated. Tinder, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to charge fees for the right to access or use Virtual Items and/ or may distribute Virtual Items with or without charge. Tinder may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items at any time. Tinder shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Tinder exercises any such rights. The transfer of Virtual Items is prohibited, and you shall not sell, redeem or otherwise transfer Virtual Items to any person or entity. Virtual Items may only be redeemed through the Service. ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS MADE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. The provision of Virtual Items for use in the Service is a service provided by Tinder that commences immediately upon the acceptance of your purchase of such Virtual Items. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT TINDER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.

Refunds. Generally, all charges for purchases are nonrefundable, and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. We may make an exception if a refund for a subscription offering is requested within fourteen days of the transaction date, or if the laws applicable in your jurisdiction provide for refunds.

For subscribers residing in the EU or European Economic Area, in accordance with local law, you are entitled to a full refund during the 14 days after the subscription begins. Please note that this 14-day period commences when the subscription starts.

For Tinder Plus subscribers residing in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Ohio and Wisconsin, the terms below apply:

You may cancel your subscription, without penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the third business day following the date you subscribed. In the event that you die before the end of your subscription period, your estate shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your death. In the event that you become disabled (such that you are unable to use the services of Tinder) before the end of your subscription period, you shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your disability by providing the company notice in the same manner as you request a refund as described below.

Purchases of Virtual Items are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.

To request a refund:
If you subscribed using your Apple ID, refunds are handled by Apple, not Tinder. To request a refund, go to iTunes, click on your Apple ID, select “Purchase history,” find the transaction and hit “Report Problem”. You can also submit a request at https://getsupport.apple.com.

If you subscribed using your Google Play Store account or through Tinder Online: please contact customer support with your order number for the Google Play Store (you can find the order number in the order confirmation email or by logging in to Google Wallet) or Tinder Online (you can find this on your confirmation email). You may also mail or deliver a signed and dated notice which states that you, the buyer, are canceling this agreement, or words of similar effect. Please also include the email address or telephone number associated with your account along with your order number. This notice shall be sent to: Tinder, Attn: Cancellations, P.O. Box 25472, Dallas, Texas 75225, USA (in addition, Ohio users may send a facsimile to 214-853-4309).

12. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement.
If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information:

an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service (and such description must be reasonably sufficient to enable us to find the alleged infringing material);
your contact information, including address, telephone number and email address;
a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Notice of claims of copyright infringement should be provided to the Company’s Copyright Agent via email to copyright@match.com, by phone to 214-576-3272 or via mail to the following address:

Copyright Compliance Department c/o Match Group Legal 8750 N. Central Expressway, Suite 1400 Dallas, Texas 75231

Tinder will terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.

13. Disclaimers.
TINDER PROVIDES THE SERVICE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GRANTS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE (INCLUDING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. TINDER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE, (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (C) THAT ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU OBTAIN ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE.

TINDER TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU OR ANOTHER USER OR THIRD PARTY POSTS, SENDS OR RECEIVES THROUGH THE SERVICES. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.

14. Third Party Services.
The Service may contain advertisements and promotions offered by third parties and links to other web sites or resources. Tinder is not responsible for the availability (or lack of availability) of such external websites or resources. If you choose to interact with the third parties made available through our Service, such party’s terms will govern their relationship with you. Tinder is not responsible or liable for such third parties’ terms or actions.

15. Limitation of Liability.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL TINDER, ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM: (I) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES, (II) THE CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES ON, THROUGH, OR FOLLOWING USE OF THE SERVICES; OR (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT, EVEN IF TINDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL TINDER’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO TINDER FOR THE SERVICE WHILE YOU HAVE AN ACCOUNT.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

16. Arbitration, Class-Action Waiver, and Jury Waiver.
Except for users residing within the EU or European Economic Area and elsewhere where prohibited by applicable law:

The exclusive means of resolving any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including any alleged breach thereof) or the Service shall be BINDING ARBITRATION administered by the American Arbitration Association under the Consumer Arbitration Rules. The one exception to the exclusivity of arbitration is that you have the right to bring an individual claim against the Company in a small-claims court of competent jurisdiction. But whether you choose arbitration or small-claims court, you may not under any circumstances commence or maintain against the Company any class action, class arbitration, or other representative action or proceeding.
By using the Service in any manner, you agree to the above arbitration agreement. In doing so, YOU GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend any claims between you and the Company (except for matters that may be taken to small-claims court). YOU ALSO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR OTHER CLASS PROCEEDING. Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR, NOT A JUDGE OR JURY, and the arbitrator shall determine all issues regarding the arbitrability of the dispute. You are entitled to a fair hearing before the arbitrator. The arbitrator can grant any relief that a court can, but you should note that arbitration proceedings are usually simpler and more streamlined than trials and other judicial proceedings. Decisions by the arbitrator are enforceable in court and may be overturned by a court only for very limited reasons. For details on the arbitration process, see our Arbitration Procedures.
Any proceeding to enforce this arbitration agreement, including any proceeding to confirm, modify, or vacate an arbitration award, may be commenced in any court of competent jurisdiction. In the event that this arbitration agreement is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against the Company (except for small-claims court actions) may be commenced only in the federal or state courts located in Dallas County, Texas. You hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes.
This Agreement, and any dispute between you and the Company, shall be governed by the laws of the state of Texas without regard to principles of conflicts of law, provided that this arbitration agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.
The online dispute settlement platform of the European Commission is available under http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Tinder does not take part in dispute settlement procedures in front of a consumer arbitration entity for users residing in the EU or European Economic Area.
17. Governing Law.
For users residing in the EU or European Economic Area or elsewhere where our arbitration agreement is prohibited by law, the laws of Texas, U.S.A., excluding Texas’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, the choice of Texas governing law shall not supersede any mandatory consumer protection legislation in such jurisdictions.

18. Venue.
Except for users residing in the EU or European Economic Area, who may bring claims in their country of residence in accordance with applicable law, all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Dallas County, Texas, U.S.A., and you and Tinder consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

19. Indemnity by You.
You agree, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tinder, our affiliates, and their and our respective officers, directors, agents, and employees from and against any and all complaints, demands, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses, including attorney’s fees, due to, arising out of, or relating in any way to your access to or use of the Services, your Content, or your breach of this Agreement.

20. Entire Agreement; Other.
This Agreement, with the Privacy Policy, the Safety Tips and any terms disclosed and agreed to by you if you purchase additional features, products or services we offer on the Service, contains the entire agreement between you and Tinder regarding the use of the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. You agree that your Tinder account is non-transferable and all of your rights to your account and its Content terminate upon your death. No agency, partnership, joint venture or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you may not make any representations or bind Tinder in any manner.

Terms of Use

Welcome to the TripAdvisor website or mobile properties, including related applications (collectively, this "Website"). This Website is provided solely to assist customers in gathering travel information, posting opinions of travel related issues, engaging in interactive travel forums, and searching for and booking travel reservations, and for no other purposes. The terms "we", "us", "our" and "TripAdvisor" refer to TripAdvisor LLC, and our corporate affiliates and websites (collectively, "TripAdvisor"). The term "you" refers to the customer visiting the Website and/or contributing content on this Website.

This Website is offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of any/all the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, the "Agreement"). By accessing or using this Website in any manner, you agree to be bound by the Agreement and represent that you have read and understood its terms. Please read the Agreement carefully, as it contains information concerning your legal rights and limitations on these rights, as well as a section regarding applicable law and jurisdiction of disputes. If you do not accept all of these terms and conditions you are not authorized to use this Website.

We may change or otherwise modify the Agreement in the future in accordance with the Terms and Conditions herein, and you understand and agree that your continued access or use of this Website after such change signifies your acceptance of the updated or modified Agreement. We will note the date that revisions were last made to the Agreement at the bottom of this page, and any revisions will take effect upon posting. We will notify our members of material changes to these terms and conditions by either sending a notice to the email address provided to us at registration or by placing a notice on our Website. Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the Agreement.

USE OF THE WEBSITE

As a condition of your use of this Website, you warrant that (i) all information supplied by you on this Website is true, accurate, current and complete, (ii) if you have a TripAdvisor account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by anyone other than you, (iii) you are 13 years of age or older in order to register for an account and contribute to our Website and (iv) you possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement and to use this Website in accordance with all terms and conditions herein.

TripAdvisor does not knowingly collect the information of anyone under the age of 13. We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to this Website and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of this Agreement.

Copying, transmission, reproduction, replication, posting or redistribution of the Website Content or any portion thereof is strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of TripAdvisor. To request permission, you may contact TripAdvisor as follows:

Director, Partnerships and Business Development
TripAdvisor LLC
400 1st Avenue
Needham, MA 02494, USA

Users of the Website will not incur any charges for using the Website in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Website contains links to third-party websites which are operated and owned by independent service providers or retailers. Such third-parties may charge a fee for use of certain content or services provided on the website. Therefore, you should make whatever investigation you feel is necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third party to determine whether a charge will be incurred. Where TripAdvisor provides details of charges on the Website, such information is provided for convenience and information purposes only. TripAdvisor in no way guarantees that this information is correct nor is it in anyway responsible for content or services provided on such third party websites.

PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

The content and information on this Website (including, but not limited to, messages, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, video, maps, icons, software, code or other material), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to us. You agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Website. Additionally, you agree not to:

(i) use this Website or its contents for any commercial purpose;
(ii) access, monitor or copy any content or information of this Website using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
(iii) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Website;
(iv) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
(v) deep-link to any portion of this Website for any purpose without our express written permission;
(vi) "frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of this Website into any other website without our prior written authorization; or
(vii) attempt to modify, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any software programs used by TripAdvisor in connection with the Website or the services.
PRIVACY POLICY AND DISCLOSURES

TripAdvisor believes in protecting your privacy. Any personal information you post on the Website will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Click here to view our Privacy Policy.

REVIEWS, COMMENTS AND USE OF OTHER INTERACTIVE AREAS

We appreciate hearing from you. Please be aware that by submitting content to this Website by email, postings on this Website or otherwise, including any hotel reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like contained in any submissions (collectively, "Submissions"), you grant TripAdvisor and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and perform such Submissions throughout the world in any media, now known or hereafter devised, for any purpose; and (b) use the name that you submit in connection with such Submission. You acknowledge that TripAdvisor may choose to provide attribution of your comments or reviews at our discretion. You further grant TripAdvisor the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or TripAdvisor's rights in the Submissions by a breach of this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that Submissions are non-confidential and non-proprietary.

TripAdvisor does not edit or control the User Messages posted to or distributed on this Website including through any chat rooms, bulletin boards or other communications forums, and will not be in any way responsible or liable for such User Messages. TripAdvisor nevertheless reserves the right for any reason in its sole discretion to remove without notice any User Messages and/or Site Content.

This Website may contain discussion forums, bulletin boards, review services or other forums in which you or third parties may post reviews of travel experiences or other content, messages, materials or other items on this Website ("Interactive Areas"). If TripAdvisor provides such Interactive Areas, you are solely responsible for your use of such Interactive Areas and use them at your own risk. By using any Interactive Areas, you expressly agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through this Website any of the following:

Any message, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, code or any other material ("Content") that is false, unlawful, misleading, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, or advocates harassment of another person, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
Content that is patently offensive to the online community, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
Content that would constitute, encourage, promote or provide instructions for a conduct of an illegal activity, criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate the rights of any party in any country of the world, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any rules of any of securities exchange , including but not limited to, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the NASDAQ, or the London Stock Exchange;
Content that provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. In particular, content that promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity, including TripAdvisor;
Unsolicited promotions, mass mailings or "spamming", transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters", political campaigning, advertising, contests, raffles, or solicitations;
Content containing commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes;
Private information of any third party, including, without limitation, surname (family name) addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers;
Contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files;
Content that is unrelated to the topic of the Interactive Area(s) in which such Content is posted; or
Content or links to content that, in the sole judgment of TripAdvisor, (a) violates the previous subsections herein, (b) is objectionable, (c) which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas or this Website, or (d) which may expose TripAdvisor or its affiliates or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
TripAdvisor takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is TripAdvisor liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. Although TripAdvisor has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the Content posted to or distributed through any Interactive Area, TripAdvisor reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen, translate or edit without notice any Content posted or stored on this Website at any time and for any reason, or to have such actions performed by third parties on its behalf, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any Content you post or store on this Website at your sole cost and expense.

If it is determined that you retain moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in the Content, you hereby declare that (a) you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the Content, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto; (b) you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion and exploitation of the Content by TripAdvisor or its licensees, successors and assigns; (c) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of the Content; and (d) you forever release TripAdvisor, and its licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against TripAdvisor by virtue of any such moral rights.

Any use of the Interactive Areas or other portions of this Website in violation of the foregoing violates the terms of this Agreement and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Interactive Areas and/or this Website.

BOOKING WITH THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS THROUGH TRIPADVISOR

Use of Instant Booking. TripAdvisor offers you the ability to search for, select, and book travel reservations with third-party suppliers without leaving the TripAdvisor site experience. By booking travel reservations facilitated by Instant Booking, you will become a TripAdvisor member if you are not one already. As a TripAdvisor member, you will be able to post travel reviews, participate in discussion forums, email TripAdvisor content to yourself and to others, access and receive members-only newsletters and travel planning content, and enter surveys, contests, or sweepstakes.

By using Instant Booking, you acknowledge that you accept the practices described in our Privacy Policy and all of these terms and conditions. In addition, you warrant that you are 18 years of age or older, that you possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement and use Instant Booking and this site in accordance with these terms and conditions, and that all information you supply is true and accurate. You further agree that you will use Instant Booking only to make legitimate reservations for you or others for whom you are legally authorized to act. Any false or fraudulent reservation is prohibited, and any user who attempts such a reservation may have his or her TripAdvisor membership terminated. If you have a TripAdvisor account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by anyone other than you.

AS A USER OF THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING INSTANT BOOKING, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: (1) NEITHER TRIPADVISOR NOR ITS AFFILIATES WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR OTHERS FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED TRANSACTIONS MADE USING YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT; AND (2) THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT COULD CAUSE YOU TO INCUR LIABILITY TO BOTH TRIPADVISOR AND OTHER USERS.

When you book a reservation facilitated by Instant Booking, we will collect your payment information and transmit it to the supplier to complete the transaction, as described in our Privacy Policy. Please note that the supplier, not TripAdvisor, processes your payment and fulfills your reservation. TripAdvisor and its affiliates will not interfere with reservations arbitrarily, but we reserve the right to cancel or not process a reservation because of certain extenuating circumstances, such as when a reservation is no longer available or when we have reasonable cause to suspect that a reservation request may be fraudulent. TripAdvisor also reserves the right to take steps to verify your identity to process your reservation.

In the unlikely event that a reservation is available when you place an order but becomes unavailable prior to check-in, your sole remedy will be to contact the supplier to make alternative arrangements or to cancel your reservation.

Third-Party Suppliers. TripAdvisor is not a travel agency and does not provide or own transportation services or accommodations. Although TripAdvisor displays information about properties owned by third-party suppliers and facilitates reservations with certain suppliers on Instant Booking and affiliate sites, such actions do not in any way imply, suggest, or constitute TripAdvisor's sponsorship or approval of third-party suppliers, or any affiliation between TripAdvisor and third-party suppliers. Although TripAdvisor members may rate and review particular properties based on their own experiences, TripAdvisor does not endorse or recommend the products or services of any third-party suppliers. You agree that TripAdvisor is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of information it obtains from third-party suppliers and displays on its sites or apps.

If you book a reservation with a third-party supplier, you agree to review and be bound by the supplier's terms and conditions of purchase and site use (the "Terms of Use"), Privacy Policy, and any other rules or policies related to the supplier's site or property. Your interactions with third-party suppliers are at your own risk. TripAdvisor will have no liability with respect to the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any third-party suppliers or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting from your interactions with third-party suppliers.

This Website may link you to supplier sites or other websites that TripAdvisor does not operate or control. For further information, please refer to the "Links to Third-Party Sites" section below.

Booking Vacation Rentals with Third-Party Suppliers Listed on Affiliate Sites. TripAdvisor and some of its affiliates act as marketplaces to allow travelers to enter into vacation rental agreements or rental transactions with property owners and managers (each, an "Advertiser"). As a user, you must be responsible for your use of this Website, our affiliate sites, and any transaction involving vacation rentals facilitated by Instant Booking and/or listed on affiliate sites. We do not own, manage, or contract for any vacation rental property listed on this Website or our affiliate sites.

Because neither TripAdvisor nor its affiliates are parties to rental transactions between travelers and Advertisers, any dispute or conflict involving an actual or potential transaction between you and an Advertiser, including the quality, condition, safety or legality of a listed property, the accuracy of the listing content, the Advertiser's ability to rent a vacation rental property, or your ability to pay for a vacation rental property, is solely the responsibility of each user. You understand and agree that you may be required to enter into a separate rental agreement with an Advertiser before making a reservation or purchasing a product or service, and such an agreement may place additional restrictions on your reservation, product or service.

Vacation Rental Payment Terms

You agree to pay an Advertiser or a TripAdvisor affiliate acting on behalf of an Advertiser the service fee for any vacation rental reservation in accordance with the Terms of Use on the affiliate site. A TripAdvisor affiliate may act as an Advertiser's limited agent solely for the purpose of transmitting your payment to the Advertiser.

For further information on vacation rental fees, security deposits, payment processing, and cancellations and refunds, please consult the Terms of Use of our affiliate sites. By making a vacation rental reservation facilitated by one of our affiliate sites, you acknowledge and agree to that site's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.

TRAVEL DESTINATIONS

International Travel. When you book international travel reservations with third-party suppliers or plan international trips using this Website, you are responsible for ensuring that you meet all foreign entry requirements and that your travel documents, including passports and visas, are in order.

For passport and visa requirements, please consult the relevant embassy or consulate for information. Because requirements may change at any time, be sure to check for up-to-date information before booking and departure. TripAdvisor accepts no liability for travelers who are refused entry onto a flight or into any country because of the traveler's failure to carry the travel documents required by any airline, authority, or country, including countries the traveler may just be passing through en route to his or her destination.

It is also your responsibility to consult your physician for current recommendations on inoculations before you travel internationally, and to ensure that you meet all health entry requirements and follow all medical guidance related to your trip.

Although most travel, including travel to international destinations, is completed without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve greater risk than others. TripAdvisor urges passengers to investigate and review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements and advisories issued by the UK Government, the European Union (EU) and destination country governments prior to booking travel to international destinations. BY LISTING INFORMATION RELEVANT TO TRAVEL TO PARTICULAR INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, TRIPADVISOR DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO SUCH POINTS IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK, AND IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS.

LIABILITY DISCLAIMER

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. THIS SECTION LIMITS TRIPADVISOR'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ISSUES THAT MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION OR ELSEWHERE IN THE AGREEMENT, PLEASE CONSULT A LAWYER FOR CLARIFICATION BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE.

THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON THIS WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR ERRORS, INCLUDING RESERVATION AVAILABILITY AND PRICING ERRORS. TRIPADVISOR, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND CORPORATE AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY, THE "TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES") DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR, ANY ERRORS OR OTHER INACCURACIES RELATING TO THE INFORMATION AND DESCRIPTION OF THE HOTEL, VACATION RENTAL PROPERTIES, AIR, CRUISE, CAR AND ANY OTHER TRAVEL PRODUCTS DISPLAYED ON THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE PRICING, AVAILABILITY, PHOTOGRAPHS, LIST OF HOTEL OR VACATION RENTAL PROPERTY AMENITIES, GENERAL PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS, REVIEWS AND RATINGS, ETC.). IN ADDITION, TRIPADVISOR EXPRESSLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY AVAILABILITY AND PRICING ERRORS ON OUR WEBSITE AND/OR ON PENDING RESERVATIONS MADE UNDER AN INCORRECT PRICE.

THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE (SITE CONTENT) OR ANY PORTION THEROF FOR ANY PURPOSE, AND THE INCLUSION OR OFFERING OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY ENDORSEMENT OR RECOMMENDATION OF SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BY THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND THAT THIS WEBSITE, ITS SERVERS OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW TRIPADVISOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OR TERMS OF ANY KIND AS TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET POSSESSION AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

TRIPADVISOR ALSO EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, OR OTHER TERM OF ANY KIND AS TO THE ACCURACY OR PROPRIETARY CHARACTER OF THE SITE CONTENT.

NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL EXCLUE OR LIMIT TRIPADVISOR'S LIABILITY FOR (I) DEATH OR PERSONAL INFURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE; (II) FRAUD; (III) FRAUDULENT MISTATEMENT (IV) DELIBERATE BREACH OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE (V) ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

THE THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS PROVIDING HOTEL OR VACATION RENTAL PROPERTY INFORMATION, TRAVEL OR OTHER SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE ARE INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS AND NOT AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES. THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR THE ACTS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, BREACHES OR NEGLIGENCE OF ANY SUCH SUPPLIERS OR FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURIES, DEATH, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR OTHER DAMAGES OR EXPENSES RESULTING THEREFROM. THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES HAVE NO LIABILITY AND WILL MAKE NO REFUND IN THE EVENT OF ANY DELAY, CANCELLATION, OVERBOOKING, STRIKE, FORCE MAJEURE OR OTHER CAUSES BEYOND THEIR DIRECT CONTROL, AND THEY HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ADDITIONAL EXPENSE, OMISSIONS, DELAYS, RE-ROUTING OR ACTS OF ANY GOVERNMENT OR AUTHORITY.

SUBJECT TO THE FOREGOING, YOU USE THIS WEBSITE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP COMPANIES (OR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND AFFILIATES) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSSES OR DAMAGES OR ANY LOSS OF INCOME, PROFITS, GOODWILL, DATA, CONTRACTS, USE OF MONEY, OR LOSS OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR CONNTECTED IN ANY WAY TO BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OF ANY TYPE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, YOUR ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO ACCESS, DISPLAY OR USE THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR RELIANCE UPON REVIEWS AND OPINIONS APPEARING ON THIS WEBSITE; ANY COMPUTER VIRUSES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, LINKED SITES, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE; OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE) WHETHER BASED ON A THEORY OF NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF TRIPADVISOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FOREGOING LIABLITY DISCLAIMER DO NOT AFFECT MANDATORY LEGAL RIGHTS THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

If the TripAdvisor Media Group Companies are found liable for any loss or damage that arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of our sites or services, then the TripAdvisor Media Group Companies' liabilities will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the transaction fees paid to TripAdvisor for the transaction(s) on this Website giving rise to the claim, or (b) One-Hundred Dollars (US $100.00).

The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these terms inure to the benefit of the TripAdvisor Media Group Companies.

INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend and indemnify TripAdvisor and its affiliates and any of their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of:

(i) your breach of this Agreement or the documents referenced herein;
(ii) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or
(iii) your use of this Website.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES

This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than TripAdvisor. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such websites. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from this Website or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. In some cases you may be asked by a third party site to link your profile on TripAdvisor to a profile on another third party site. Choosing to do so is purely optional, and the decision to allow this information to be linked can be disabled (with the third party site) at any time.

SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE

Unless otherwise specified, the materials on the websites are presented solely to provide information regarding and to promote TripAdvisor's services, websites, partners and other products available in the United States, its territories, possessions and protectorates. The TripAdvisor websites are controlled and operated by TripAdvisor from its offices in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States. TripAdvisor makes no representation that materials on the TripAdvisor websites are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Those who choose to access the TripAdvisor website from outside of the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent that local laws are applicable. Software from the TripAdvisor websites is further subject to United States export controls. No software from the TripAdvisor websites may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Sudan, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By using the TripAdvisor websites, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.

Any software that is made available to download from the TripAdvisor websites ("Software") is the copyrighted work of TripAdvisor, or TripAdvisor affiliates, or other third party software as identified. Your use of such Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies, or is included with, the Software ("License Agreement"). You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you first agree to the License Agreement terms. For any Software made available for download on this Website not accompanied by a License Agreement, we hereby grant to you, the user, a limited, personal, nontransferable license to use the Software for viewing and otherwise using this Website in accordance with these terms and conditions and for no other purpose.

Please note that all Software, including, without limitation, all HTML, XML, Java code and Active X controls contained on this Website, is owned by TripAdvisor and/or its affiliates, and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software is expressly prohibited, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES

All contents of this Website are: ©2017 TripAdvisor. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is not responsible for content on websites operated by parties other than TripAdvisor. TRIPADVISOR, the owl logo, the ratings bubbles and all other product or service names or slogans displayed on this Website are registered and/or common law trademarks of TripAdvisor and/or its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of TripAdvisor or the applicable trademark holder. In addition, the look and feel of this Website, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of TripAdvisor and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of TripAdvisor. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in this Website are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by TripAdvisor.

Notice and Take-Down Policy for illegal content

TripAdvisor operates on a "notice and takedown" basis. If you have any complaints or objections to material or content including User Messages posted on this Website, or if you believe that material or content posted on this Website infringes a copyright that you hold, please contact us immediately by following our notice and takedown procedure. Click here to view the Notice and Takedown Procedure. Once this procedure has been followed TripAdvisor will make all reasonable endeavours to remove illegal content within a reasonable time.

Modifications

TripAdvisor may change, add or delete these Terms and Conditions or any portion thereof from time to time in its sole discretion where it deems it necessary for legal, general regulatory and technical purposes, or due to changes in the services provided or nature or layout of the Website. Thereafter, you expressly agree to be bound by any such amended Terms and Conditions.

TripAdvisor may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the TripAdvisor service at any time, including availability of any feature, database or content. TripAdvisor may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to all or parts of the Website or any other TripAdvisor web site without notice or liability for technical or security reasons, to prevent against unauthorised access, loss of, or destruction of data or where we consider in our sole discretion that you are in breach of any provision of these Terms and Conditions or of any law or regulation and where it decides to discontinue providing a service.

YOUR CONTINUED USE OF TRIPADVISOR NOW, OR FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF ANY SUCH NOTICE OF ANY CHANGES, WILL INDICATE ACCEPTANCE BY YOU OF SUCH MODIFICATIONS.

JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW

This Website is operated by a U.S. entity and this Agreement is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, USA. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Massachusetts, USA and stipulate to the fairness and convenience of proceedings in such courts for all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this Website. You agree that all claims you may have against TripAdvisor arising from or relating to this Website must be heard and resolved in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Use of this Website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, this paragraph. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent that applicable law in your country of residence requires application of another law and/or jurisdiction and this cannot be excluded by contract.

CURRENCY CONVERTER

Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and should be used as guidelines only. Rates are not verified as accurate, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes may not be updated on a daily basis. The information supplied by this application is believed to be accurate, but TripAdvisor, and/or its affiliates do not warrant or guarantee such accuracy. When using this information for any financial purpose, we advise you to consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the currency rates. We do not authorize the use of this information for any purpose other than your personal use and you are expressly prohibited from the resale, redistribution, and use of this information for commercial purposes.

ADDITIONAL MOBILE LICENSES

Portions of TripAdvisor mobile software may use copyrighted material, the use of which TripAdvisor acknowledges. In addition, there are specific terms that apply to use of certain TripAdvisor mobile applications. Please visit the Mobile Licenses page for notices specific to TripAdvisor mobile applications.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

You agree that no joint venture, agency, partnership, or employment relationship exists between you and the TripAdvisor Media Group Companies and/or affiliates as a result of this Agreement or use of this Website.

Our performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this Agreement limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of this Website or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use. To the extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that you will bring any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of this Website within two (2) years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued or such claim or cause of action will be irrevocably waived.

If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remaining provisions in the Agreement shall continue in effect.

This Agreement (and any other terms and conditions referenced herein) constitutes the entire agreement between you and TripAdvisor with respect to this Website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between the customer and TripAdvisor with respect to this Website. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

These Terms and Conditions are available in the language of the Website. The specific Terms and Conditions under to which you signify your agreement will not be individually stored by TripAdvisor.

The Website may not always be updated on a periodic or regular basis and consequently is not required to register as editorial product under any relevant law.

Fictitious names of companies, products, people, characters, and/or data mentioned on this Website are not intended to represent any real individual, company, product, or event.

Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

SERVICE HELP

For answers to your questions or ways to contact us, visit our Help Center. Or, you can write to us at:

TripAdvisor LLC
400 1st Avenue
Needham, MA 02494, USA

©2017 TripAdvisor LLC. All rights reserved.


TRUECALLER TERMS OF SERVICE
Revised 28 March, 2017
True Software Scandinavia AB (“Truecaller” or “we”) offers users (“Users” or “You”) global phone community services transacted through various software applications and services, including but not limited to the “Truecaller”, the “Truedialer” and the “Truemessenger” applications. 
These Terms of Service and the Truecaller Privacy Policy (the “Terms”) will govern Your use of Truecaller’s software applications, websites, web service API, tools or other services and features provided by Truecaller from time to time (collectively “Services”). By accessing or using any of the Services, You agree to be bound by these Terms. Where other third party services are made available as part of our Services, then the respective third party terms of service and privacy policy shall apply to any such use by You. If You are registering with Truecaller as a business entity, You represent that You have the authority to legally bind that entity. For Truecaller SDK and Truecaller Priority Users specific terms apply in accordance with the respective agreements for such services. For API Users, additional provisions apply in accordance with the API License Addendum (which is incorporated by reference into these Terms). 
Certain features of the Services may be subject to additional guidelines, terms or rules, which will be posted in or on the Services in connection with such features. All such additional terms, guidelines and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms. 
1.	Personal Information  
We are firmly committed to the security and protection of personal information of our Users, their contacts and the Services. The TruecallerPrivacy Policy describes how we collect, use, share and process personal information and You acknowledge and agree that Truecaller may collect, use, share and process personal information as described therein. 
2.	Grant of Rights 
Except as otherwise agreed separately in writing between us or as set forth in the API License Addendum and subject to Your compliance with these Terms at all times, Truecaller grants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited right to use the Services for Your own personal, non-commercial use. You are not allowed to use the Truecaller Services on any device that You do not own or control. You may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Truecaller software applications, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms or may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open source components included in the Truecaller software applications). 
You are not granted any right to use Truecaller’s name, trademarks or other commercial symbols. All rights not expressly granted to You under these Terms shall be retained by Truecaller. 
In case You wish to use any part of the Services as a part of Your own application or modify any part of the Services, such use is subject to Truecaller’s prior written approval and that You enter into a separate license agreement with Truecaller. Any API, commercial or enterprise use of the Services shall be governed by the API License Addendum or such other separate agreement as may be required by Truecaller. 
3.	Support
Truecaller strives to provide adequate and efficient technical support, upgrades and updates for the Services. Truecaller shall, however, not be under any obligation to provide support or maintenance for the Services under these Terms and reserves the right to limit or discontinue the support, upgrades and updates provided from time to time.
4.	User Obligations and Restrictions 
You guarantee that any information and other content, such as Your profile information and information regarding the contacts contained in Your device’s phone book, that You may share with Truecaller as a User of the Services (together “Content”), to the best of Your knowledge, is correct, not in violation of applicable law, will not corrupt or disrupt the Services, and that you have the right to share the Content with Truecaller in order for Truecaller to provide the Services and share the Content with other Users.
Except as otherwise agreed separately in writing between us, or as set forth in the API License Addendum, You shall not make any commercial use of the Services or the Content or otherwise transfer for value the Services or the Content. You agree not to challenge Truecaller's rights in,or otherwise attempt to assert any rights in, the Services or any Content provided by other Users, except those rights explicitly granted under these Terms. You agree to use the Services and Content only as expressly permitted under these Terms. 
You agree not to use the Services, Content or information to attempt to circumvent the regular operation of the Services, or reduce the fees or consideration that we may derive from the Services by any means including by creating multiple accounts, redirecting traffic, following other fraudulent or deceptive practices, creating a parallel repository thereof, or seeking to by-pass the Services or compete with us. 
Scraping of any information contained in the Services, including any Content and any third party information accessible via the Services, is strictly prohibited. 
You may not use the Services or the Content in any way, which is illegal, harmful, or may be considered offensive by Truecaller, other Users or third parties. You agree not to exploit the Services or the Content in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, trespassing or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use our Services or Content in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and You acknowledge and agree that Truecaller is not in any way responsible for any such use by You, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive or illegal messages or transmissions that You may receive as a result of using the Services. Notwithstanding any other remedies available to Truecaller, You agree that Truecaller may suspend or terminate Your use of the Services without notice if You use the Services or the Content in any prohibited manner, and that such use will be deemed a material breach of these Terms.
You may contact Truecaller at support@truecaller.com to report any violation or infringement of Your rights by Users of the Services. 
5.	Proprietary Rights  
The Services are protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. Truecaller and its licensors shall retain ownership in and to the Services and to all related intellectual property rights, including without limitation copyrights, trademarks, trade names, database rights and patents. You are granted only a limited right to use the Services subject to these Terms and no intellectual property rights are or will deemed to be transferred or licensed to You except as contemplated herein. 
6.	Constitutional Protection of Truecaller Database 
The Swedish Authority for Press, Radio and Television (Sw: myndigheten för press, radio och tv) has issued a Publishing Certificate (Sw: utgivningsbevis) for the Truecaller database and website (Truecaller,www.truecaller.com) in accordance with the Database Rule of the Swedish Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression (Sw: 1 kap. 9 § andra stycket yttrandefrihetsgrundlagen). Such Publishing Certificate provides for constitutional protection under the Swedish Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression for the database, the website and the provision thereof. Responsible Editor is Mr. Alan Mamedi, appointed by True Software Scandinavia AB.
7.	Unmoderated Content
Any Content that is not published by Truecaller, i.e. that You or other Users post or communicate directly in or on the Services, including User information, User profile information, status updates and messages sent via the Services may not be previewed by Truecaller. Any such unmoderated Content will not be covered by constitutional protection under the Swedish Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression as per the paragraph above and Truecaller will not be liable for the publication of such Content. We will indicate any unmoderated or moderated Content published in or on the Services, for example by using different badges in connection with the publication of such Content.
You are solely liable for any content that You post or communicate directly in or on the Services and You agree to only post or communicate content that:
a.	is true and not false or misleading;
b.	is not likely to be deemed threatening, disparaging, defamatory, pornographic, racially or ethnically offensive, discriminatory, insulting, slanderous or otherwise illegal or inappropriate;
c.	belongs to You, or which You have a right to distribute;
d.	does not constitute an infringement of the intellectual property or privacy rights of any third party; 
e.	does not constitute information that you are not legally entitled to distribute (such as insider information or confidential information);
f.	does not contain any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional material, “junk mail”, “spam”, “chain letters”, “pyramid schemes” or any other form of solicitation; and
g.	does not contain software virus or any other technology that may harm the Services, or the interests or property of our Services or the other Users of the Services.
h.	is accurate, fair, and is not disparaging of us, the Services or other Users. Further, You agree to be fair, accurate and non-disparaging while reporting numbers, leaving comments, suggestions, feedback, testimonials and reviews on or about the Services.
Truecaller appreciates the opportunity to be notified of any objectionable user generated content posted or communicated by a User directly in or on the Services. Please contact us at support@truecaller.com to report any objectionable user generated content. Truecaller hereby reserves the right in its absolute discretion to remove any user generated content from the Services.
8.	Third Party Content
The Services may contain links to external content provided by third party websites and services. Such third party content, websites and services may be subject to the respective third party terms and conditions and Truecaller will not be liable for any such third party content, websites or services.
9.	Disclaimer of Warranties  
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRUECALLER MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, THEIR QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND YOU AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE USED AT YOUR OWN RISK. 
You understand and acknowledge that the Services may be unavailable from time to time and that Truecaller will not be liable for Your inability to use the Services for whatever reason. 
Truecaller makes no warranty or representation that the Services are available for use in any particular location. To the extent You choose to access and use the Services, You do so at Your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws in connection with such access and use of the Services.
10.	Limitation of Liability  
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT TRUECALLER SHALL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA AND GOODWILL, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.  In particular, and without limitation, Truecaller shall have no liability for any information stored or processed within the Services, including the costs of recovering such information. Your only right or remedy with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with the Services, is to uninstall the Truecaller applications and cease to use the Services. 
TRUECALLER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE VALIDITY, RELIABILITY OR CORRECTNESS OF THE CONTENT AND INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH AND IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE SERVICES. ANY USE OF THE CONTENT AND INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. 
Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude our liability for any liability that mandatorily cannot be limited or excluded by law, including any rights You may have as a consumer under mandatory consumer law. 
11.	Fees
Truecaller offers certain features or services for which a fee will be payable (“Paid Services”). Your purchase of the Paid Services may be subject to foreign exchange fees or differences in prices based on location. If You purchase or subscribe to such Paid Services, You agree to pay us the applicable fees (“Truecaller Fees”) and taxes in accordance with the applicable third party payment and billing terms, based on the platform You are using, which are incorporated herein by reference. You will be charged the applicable fees and taxes during the subscription period unless You cancel the Paid Service, in which case You agree to still pay these fees through the end of the applicable subscription period. We may change the Truecaller Fees from time to time by posting the changes in or on the Services or by notifying You in advance. All fees are, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by applicable law, non-refundable. Failure to pay these fees may result in suspension or termination of your Service or subscription.
Depending on what platform You are using, prepaid fees for the Services may be connected to Your device as well as its phone number. Therefore, in some cases, if You change the device or its SIM-card, You cannot transfer the balance to a new device or SIM-card and no refund will be available in such cases. Any remaining balance of prepaid fees not used within twelve (12) months from the purchase will expire without any right of refund. 
You acknowledge that You are fully responsible for the Internet connection and/or mobile charges that You may incur for using our Services. Please consult Your carrier, mobile operator, etc. for further information.
12.	Termination  
Your right to use the Services continues until these Terms are terminated. Truecaller may terminate the Terms and Your use of the Services at any time with thirty (30) days’ advance notice. You may terminate the Terms at any time by uninstalling the Truecaller applications and ceasing the use of the Services. These Terms will automatically terminate if You fail to comply with them. Upon any termination, You agree to cease using the Services. Upon termination by You, or by Truecaller due to Your breach of these Terms, You will not be refunded any license fees or other prepaid fees, if any. Upon termination by Truecaller without cause, You will be refunded any unused prepaid fees upon Your written request, provided a receipt of such fees and a clear payment instruction are included in Your request. 
Provisions of sections Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liability, Termination and Governing Law shall survive any termination of these Terms. 
13.	Assignment  
Truecaller reserves the right, at its own discretion, to freely assign and transfer the rights and obligations under these Terms to any third party. 
14.	Additional Terms and Changes 
As Truecaller provides global Services, additional Terms of Services may apply to Users in certain jurisdictions and will in such cases be made available in appendices and incorporated hereto. 
Truecaller may change the Services at any time, such as by adding or removing features or discontinuing the Services. Truecaller also reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time by providing revised Terms to the User or by publishing the revised Terms within the Services. In case of material changes, the User shall always be notified thereof and provided the option to immediately terminate the Services. If You choose to terminate the Services, You will be refunded any unused prepaid fees upon Your written request, provided a receipt of such fees and a clear payment instruction are included in Your request. The revised Terms shall become effective upon such publishing or notification to the User. You will always find the latest version of these Terms at www.truecaller.com. Any continued use by You of the Services following publication or notification of revised Terms shall constitute Your acceptance to the revised Terms.
15.	Governing Law 
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden, excluding its choice of law rules. All disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms shall be adjudicated exclusively in Sweden, with the District Court of Stockholm as the court of first instance.


Terms of Service Last Modified: 2018-05-15
Tumblr is a U.S. company and subject to U.S. laws and jurisdiction. The original version of these Terms of Service (and any other terms, policies, or guidelines that we provide to you) are written in English. To the extent any translated version of these Terms of Service (or any other terms, policies, or guidelines that we provide to you) conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN LIMITATIONS OF TUMBLR'S LIABILITY IN SECTION 14.

Hello! Welcome to Tumblr’s Terms of Service. Please read this carefully before using our site, services, or products. This is a contract between you and Tumblr. We've also included several annotations that aren't a part of the contract itself, but are intended to emphasize key sections and help you follow the text. We’ve tried to be fair and straightforward. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or suggestions!

1. Accepting the Terms of Service
Please read these Terms of Service and our Community Guidelines (collectively, the "Agreement") carefully before using tumblr.com (the "Site") and/or the other domains, websites, products, applications, mobile applications, services, and/or Content provided by Tumblr, Inc. (all of those collectively with the Site, the "Services") (Tumblr, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oath Inc., a Delaware corporation (" Oath"), collectively with its agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors, "Tumblr," "we," or "us"). By using or accessing the Services, you ("Subscriber" or "you") agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you don’t agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shouldn't, and aren't permitted to, use the Services. Tumblr’s personalized Services cannot be provided and the terms of this Agreement cannot be performed without Tumblr processing information about you and other users. Processing of the information you share with Tumblr is essential to the personalized Services which we provide and which you expect, including personalized Content (as described below) and ads, and is a necessary part of our performance of the agreement we have with you.

We’re just letting you know, here, that Tumblr is now part of Oath, a digital and mobile media company with more than 50 brands globally, and a member of the Verizon family of companies, and these Terms of Service , which apply to your use of Tumblr, have been updated to reflect this change. This section also includes an agreement where you're agreeing to agree to the terms of this Agreement.

2. Modifications to this Agreement
Tumblr reserves the right to modify this Agreement by (1) posting a revised Agreement on and/or through the Services and (2) providing notice to you that this Agreement has changed, generally via email where practicable, and otherwise through the Services (such as through a notification on your Tumblr Dashboard or in our mobile applications). Modifications will not apply retroactively. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any modifications to this Agreement.

We may sometimes ask you to review and to explicitly agree to (or reject) a revised version of this Agreement. In such cases, modifications will be effective at the time of your agreement to the modified version of this Agreement. If you do not agree at that time, you are not permitted to use the Services.

In cases where we do not ask for your explicit agreement to a modified version of this Agreement, but otherwise provide notice as set forth above, the modified version of this Agreement will become effective fourteen days after we have posted the modified Agreement and provided you notification of the modifications. Your use of the Services following that period constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified. If you do not agree to the modifications, you are not permitted to use, and should discontinue your use of, the Services.

Note that, if you have prepaid for any Paid Services (as defined below) prior to a modification of this Agreement, your use of such prepaid Paid Services is governed by the version of this Agreement in effect at the time Tumblr received your prepayment.

As Tumblr grows and improves, we might have to make changes to these Terms of Service. When we do, we'll let you know. We're also going to make it a practice to post old versions so it's easy to see changes/additions/deletions. To see old versions, scroll down to the end of this document.

3. Use of the Services
Eligibility:

You may not use the Services, provide any personal information to Tumblr, or otherwise submit personal information through the Services (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number, or email address) if you are under the Minimum Age. The Minimum Age is (i) thirteen (13), or (ii) for users in the European Union, sixteen (16) (or the lower age that your country has provided for you to consent to the processing of your personal data) . You may only use the Services if you can form a binding contract with Tumblr and are not legally prohibited from using the Services.

You have to be the Minimum Age to use Tumblr. We're serious: it's a hard rule. “But I’m, like, almost old enough!” you plead. Nope, sorry. If you're not old enough, don't use Tumblr. Ask your parents for a Playstation 4, or try books.

Service Changes and Limitations:

The Services change frequently, and their form and functionality may change without prior notice to you. Tumblr retains the right to create limits on and related to use of the Services in its sole discretion at any time with or without notice. Tumblr may also impose limits on certain Services or aspects of those Services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. Tumblr may change, suspend, or discontinue any or all of the Services at any time, including the availability of any product, feature, database, or Content (as defined below). Tumblr may also terminate or suspend Accounts (as defined below) at any time, in its sole discretion.

Tumblr is an ever-evolving platform. With new products, services, and features launching all the time, we need flexibility to make changes, impose limits, and occasionally suspend or terminate certain offerings (like features that flop). We can also terminate or suspend any account at any time. That sounds harsh, but we only use that power when we have a reason, as outlined in these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy , and our Community Guidelines.

Limitations on Automated Use:

You may not, without express prior written permission, do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (a) tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, or the computer or delivery systems of Tumblr and/or its service providers; (b) probe, scan, or test any system or network (particularly for vulnerabilities), or otherwise attempt to breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (c) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Tumblr (and only pursuant to those terms and conditions) or unless permitted by Tumblr's robots.txt file or other robot exclusion mechanisms; (d) scrape the Services, and particularly scrape Content (as defined below) from the Services; (e) use the Services to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information, including without limitation by forging TCP-IP packet headers or email headers; or (f) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any Subscriber, host or network, including, without limitation, by sending a virus to, spamming, or overloading the Services, or by scripted use of the Services in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services.

Don't do bad things to Tumblr or to other users. Some particularly egregious examples of "bad things" are listed in this section.

4. Registration, Tumblr URLs, and Security
As a condition to using certain of the Services and in order for us to provide them to you, you may be required to create an account (an " Account"), provide your age and an email address and select a password and Tumblr username, which will serve as a default link to your default Tumblr blog of the form [username].tumblr.com (a " Tumblr URL"). You must select a different Tumblr URL for each new blog you create.

You agree to provide Tumblr with accurate, complete, and updated registration information, particularly your email address.

It's really important that the email address associated with your Tumblr account is accurate and up-to-date. If you ever forget your password - or worse, fall victim to a malicious phishing attack - a working email address is often the only way for us to recover your account.

You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account password and for the security of your Account, and you will notify Tumblr immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your Account or Account password.

5. Privacy
For information about how Tumblr collects, uses, and shares your information, please review our Privacy Policy . By using the Services you agree you have read the Privacy Policy, which describes our collection, use, and sharing (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of such information, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing, and use by Tumblr and the Tumblr Affiliates (as defined below).

6. Content and Subscriber Content
Definitions:

For purposes of this Agreement: (1) the term "Content" means a creative expression and includes, without limitation, video, audio, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, logos, tools, written posts, replies, comments, information, data, text, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, Themes (as defined below), and interactive features, any of which may be generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services; (2) the term " Subscriber Content" means Content that a Subscriber submits, transfers, or otherwise provides to the Services. Content includes, without limitation, all Subscriber Content.

Your Rights in Subscriber Content:

Subscribers retain ownership and/or other applicable rights in Subscriber Content, and Tumblr and/or third parties retain ownership and/or other applicable rights in all Content other than Subscriber Content.

You retain ownership you have of any intellectual property you post to Tumblr.

Subscriber Content License to Tumblr:

When you provide Subscriber Content to Tumblr through the Services, you grant Tumblr a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right and license to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display (publicly or otherwise), perform (publicly or otherwise), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt (including, without limitation, in order to conform it to the requirements of any networks, devices, services, or media through which the Services are available), and create derivative works of, such Subscriber Content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purposes of allowing Tumblr to operate the Services in accordance with their functionality, improve and promote the Services, and develop new Services. The reference in this license to "creat[ing] derivative works" is not intended to give Tumblr a right to make substantive editorial changes or derivations, but does, for example, enable reblogging, which allows Tumblr Subscribers to redistribute Subscriber Content from one Tumblr blog to another in a manner that allows them to add their own text or other Content before or after your Subscriber Content.

When you upload your creations to Tumblr, you’re giving us permission to make them available in all the ways you would expect us to (for example, via your blog, RSS, the Tumblr Dashboard, etc.). We never want to do anything with your work that surprises you.

Something else worth noting: Countless Tumblr blogs have gone on to spawn books, films, albums, brands, and more. Any royalties or reimbursement you get for your creations are, needless to say, entirely yours. It's your work, and we're proud to be a part (however small) of what you accomplish.

You also agree that this license includes the right for Tumblr to make all publicly-posted Content available to third parties selected by Tumblr, so that those third parties can syndicate and/or analyze such Content on other media and services.

An example of what it means to "make all publicly-posted Content available" to a Tumblr partner for distribution or analysis would be licensing the Tumblr "firehose," a live feed of all public activity on Tumblr, to partners like search engines.

Note also that this license to your Subscriber Content continues even if you stop using the Services, primarily because of the social nature of Content shared through Tumblr’s Services - when you post something publicly, others may choose to comment on it, making your Content part of a social conversation that can’t later be erased without retroactively censoring the speech of others.

One thing you should consider before posting: When you make something publicly available on the Internet, it becomes practically impossible to take down all copies of it.

You also agree that you will respect the intellectual property rights of others, and represent and warrant that you have all of the necessary rights to grant us this license for all Subscriber Content you transfer to us.

Tumblr may add its own affiliate code to links posted on Tumblr at its discretion, provided a user has not previously included their own affiliate code into the applicable link. Users may opt out of this functionality here.

Content License to You:

As a Subscriber of the Services, Tumblr grants you a worldwide, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to download, store, view, display, perform, redistribute, and create derivative works of Content solely in connection with your use of, and in strict accordance with the functionality and restrictions of, the Services (including, without limitation, Paid Services, as defined below). This means, for example, that we license Content to you for purposes of reblogging.

Compliance with Community Guidelines:

You agree that you won't violate Tumblr's Community Guidelines.

Termination and Deletion:

On termination of your Account, or upon your deletion of particular pieces of Subscriber Content from the Services, Tumblr shall make reasonable efforts to make such Subscriber Content inaccessible and cease use of it and, if required by the applicable Privacy Policy, delete your Account data and / or Subscriber Content unless permitted or required to keep this data in accordance with law; however, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) deleted Subscriber Content may persist in caches or backups for a reasonable period of time and (b) copies of or references to the Subscriber Content may not be entirely removed (due to the nature of reblogging, for example). You can delete your account at any time here.

7. Special Provisions for Application Developers
If you develop software or services based on the Services or any Content, whether using the Tumblr Application Programming Interface or not, you will agree to and comply with the Tumblr Application Developer and API License Agreement .

8. Use of Trademarks
Any use of Tumblr's trademarks, branding, logos, and other such assets in connection with the Services shall use Tumblr’s approved branding and shall be in accordance with the Tumblr Trademark Guidelines .

9. Themes
Tumblr makes available specialized HTML and CSS code (" Tumblr Template Code") for the design and layout of blog pages available for use on some of the Services ("Themes "). Certain Themes are available for purchase as a Paid Service (as defined below) (such Themes, "Premium Themes"). Purchased Premium Themes may not be transferred between Accounts, between blogs, or between Services on a single Account and are subject to the payment terms herein.

Tumblr grants you a license to customize the Tumblr Template Code to create your own Themes for use on your blog page (each a " Custom Theme"). If you choose, you may also contribute your Custom Themes for use by other Subscribers as Subscriber Content. However, as a condition of this license allowing you to create Custom Themes, you agree that you won't distribute such Custom Themes from locations other than Tumblr-owned or approved websites without our permission, as set out in our Community Guidelines.

Note also that other Subscribers may use your Custom Themes after you have removed them from distribution, and you hereby grant those Subscribers an irrevocable license to use those Custom Themes as contributed by you. In other words, you can remove and stop distribution of your Custom Themes, but Subscribers who are already using them can keep using them.

To develop and distribute Custom Themes that are Premium Themes, please contact us.

10. Paid Services
Some of the Services require payment of fees (the " Paid Services," including without limitation Premium Themes). All fees are stated in United States dollars. You shall pay all applicable fees, as described in the applicable Services, in connection with such Services, and any related taxes or additional charges.

Paid Services are limited licenses for you to use particular for-pay aspects of the Services. Usage of terms like sell, sale, buy, purchase, or similar terms all refer to your acquisition of a license to use Paid Services, and do not represent any transfer of any right, title, or ownership interest of any kind. You may not relicense, resell, transfer, or exchange Paid Services within or outside of the Services, except as expressly allowed by the rules of those Paid Services.

Tumblr may, in its sole discretion, modify the functionality of, or eliminate, Paid Services, or the terms and conditions under which Paid Services are provided.

Purchases of Paid Services are final and non-refundable (particularly those Paid Services that may be used immediately, such as Promotions, as defined below), except at Tumblr's sole discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Paid Service. Termination of your Account or your rights under this Agreement may result in forfeiture of purchased Paid Services. For example, if your Account is suspended, you forfeit your license to any Premium Themes you have purchased.

Tumblr may change its prices for Paid Services at any time. To the extent applicable, Tumblr will provide you reasonable notice of any such pricing changes by posting the new prices on or through the applicable Paid Service and/or by sending you an email notification. If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you may choose not to purchase, or to cancel, the applicable Paid Service prior to the change going into effect.

11. Special Provisions for Promotions
Some features of the Services may allow you to promote yourself to other Subscribers, and some of these features may be Paid Services (" Promotions").

The following additional terms apply to Promotions:

Things that you promote will comply with this Agreement; if they don't, Tumblr reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel a Promotion without refund or recourse to you.

Tumblr may remove or disable any Promotion for any reason in its sole discretion.

Unless otherwise specified, Tumblr does not guarantee any activity that Promotions may receive, including but not limited to clicks, Likes, and Reblogs. Tumblr cannot control how Subscribers interact with Promotions and is not responsible for "click fraud" or other fraudulent actions by third parties, including, without limitation, Subscribers. Tumblr doesn't guarantee that its reporting related to Promotions will be accurate or complete, nor does it guarantee that Promotions will behave in a particular manner, and Tumblr shall not be liable to you or responsible for any erroneous reporting about or errant behavior of or related to Promotions (e.g., any errors in how Likes or Reblogs are counted).

Promotions may allow targeting to some Subscriber characteristics. Tumblr does not guarantee that any particular Promotion will reach a particular sort of individual in all cases.

You can cancel certain Promotions at any time depending on their functionality, but you are responsible for paying for Promotions at least to the extent they have already been used or distributed through the Services.

By submitting a Promotion, you license Tumblr to run that Promotion for as long as you have specified, which, depending on the Promotion, may be perpetually. This license ends when the Promotion has been completed or cancelled, but it may take up to forty eight (48) hours for a Promotion to stop being reflected on the Services.

12. Warranty Disclaimer; Services Available on an "AS IS" Basis
Your access to and use of the Services or any Content is at your own risk. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TUMBLR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Tumblr makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the Services, including any representation or warranty that the use of the Services will (a) be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in combination with any other hardware, software, system, or data, (b) meet your requirements or expectations, (c) be free from errors or that defects will be corrected, (d) be free of viruses or other harmful components; or (e) be entirely secure or that the information you share with us will be secure. Tumblr also makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to Content; Subscriber Content, in particular, is provided by and is solely the responsibility of, the Subscribers providing that Content. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from Tumblr or through the Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.

13. Time Limitation on Claims and Releases From Liability
You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to this Agreement or your relationship with Tumblr must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred.

You further release, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Tumblr and its employees, agents, consultants, directors, shareholders, any other person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is under common control with, or is directly or indirectly controlled by, Tumblr (the “Tumblr Affiliates”) from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including but not limited to claims of negligence), arising out of or related to the following: Disputes between Subscribers, including those between you and other Subscribers.

The acts of third parties generally (i.e., individuals or entities who are not Tumblr or a Tumblr Affiliate), including third party sites and services.

Disputes concerning any use of or action taken using your Account by you or a third party.

Claims relating to the unauthorized access to any data communications relating to, or Content stored under or relating to, your Account, including but not limited to unauthorized interception, use, or alteration of such communications or your Content. For the sake of clarity, this includes any and all claims related to the security of your Account credentials.

Claims relating to any face-to-face meetings in any way related to Tumblr at any venues ("Meetups"), including without limitation claims related to the actions or omissions of any Subscribers or third parties who organize, attend, or are otherwise involved in any Meetups; see our Meetups page for more information. Unless otherwise expressly disclosed in writing, Tumblr does not sponsor, oversee, or in any manner control Meetups.

If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code § 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."

14. Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TUMBLR AND THE TUMBLR AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR: (A) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER; (B) LOSS OF: PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES; (C) DAMAGES RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (D) DAMAGES RELATING TO ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR SUBSCRIBER USING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OR CONTENT; AND/OR (E) DAMAGES IN ANY MANNER RELATING TO ANY CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CLAIMS, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT TUMBLR HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND FURTHER WHERE A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF TUMBLR AND THE TUMBLR AFFILIATES, FOR ANY CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE APPLICABLE SERVICE(S).

15. Exclusions to Warranties and Limitation of Liability
Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion/limitation of liability as set forth in Section 14, so the limitations above may not apply to you.

16. Termination
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by notifying the other party. Tumblr may terminate or suspend your access to or ability to use any and all Services immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason or no reason, including but not limited to if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. In particular, Tumblr may immediately terminate or suspend Accounts that have been flagged for repeat copyright infringement.

Upon termination of your access to or ability to use a Service, including but not limited to suspension of your Account on a Service, your right to use or access that Service and any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination of your access to and use of the Services shall not relieve you of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability that you otherwise may have to Tumblr or any third party and shall not relieve you of your rights if you are a user in the European Economic Area which are described in the Privacy Policy.

17. Choice of Law and Venue
You and Tumblr agree that we will resolve any claim or controversy at law or equity that arises out of this Agreement or the Services in accordance with this Section or as you and Tumblr otherwise agree in writing. Before resorting to formal dispute resolution, we strongly encourage you to contact us to seek a resolution.

Law and Forum for Legal Disputes:

This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York as they apply to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within New York between New York residents, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Tumblr must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in New York County, New York, except as otherwise agreed by the parties. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New York County, New York for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

If you are (a) a United States federal, state, or local government agency or body, (b) using the Services in your official capacity, and (c) legally unable to accept the clauses in this Section, then this Section doesn’t apply to you. For such entities, this Agreement and any related action will be governed by the laws of the United States of America, without regard to conflict of law provisions, and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of New York, excluding choice of law.

18. Miscellaneous
This Agreement, as modified from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement between you and Tumblr with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof and constitutes the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties. The failure of either party to exercise, in any way, any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain enforceable and in full force and effect. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable, or sublicensable by you except with Tumblr's prior written consent. Tumblr may assign this Agreement in whole or in part at any time without your consent. No agency, partnership, joint controllership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Tumblr in any respect whatsoever. Any notice to Tumblr that is required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon receipt, when delivered in person by nationally recognized overnight courier or mailed by first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to

Tumblr, Inc.
770 Broadway
New York, NY, 10003,
Attn: Legal Department
.
19. Special Provisions for Subscribers Located Outside of the United States
Tumblr provides global products and services and enables a global community for individuals to share and follow the things they love. Tumblr's servers and operations are, however, located in the United States, and Tumblr's policies and procedures are based on United States law. As such, the following provisions apply specifically to Subscribers located outside of the United States: (1) you acknowledge that we will transfer, store, and process your information, including but not limited to Subscriber Content and any personal information, in the United States and/or other countries in order to provide you with the Services and perform this Agreement; and (2) if you are using the Services from a country embargoed by the United States, or are on the United States Treasury Department's list of "Specially Designated Nationals," you agree that you will not engage in financial transactions, or conduct any commercial activities using or through the Services (for example, purchasing Premium Themes).

Submit an infringement notice

20. DMCA Copyright Policy
Tumblr has adopted the following policy toward copyright infringement on the Services in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA"). The address of Tumblr's Designated Agent for copyright takedown notices ("Designated Agent") is listed below. You may submit a notice under the DMCA using our copyright notice form.

Reporting Instances of Copyright Infringement:

If you believe that Content residing or accessible on or through the Services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent at the address below:

Identification of the work or material being infringed.

Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location, with sufficient detail so that Tumblr is capable of finding it and verifying its existence.

Contact information for the notifying party (the "Notifying Party"), including name, address, telephone number, and email address.

A statement that the Notifying Party has a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or law.

A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided in the notice is accurate and that the Notifying Party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed.

Please also note that the information provided in a notice of copyright infringement may be forwarded to the Subscriber who posted the allegedly infringing content. After removing material pursuant to a valid DMCA notice, Tumblr will immediately notify the Subscriber responsible for the allegedly infringing material that it has removed or disabled access to the material. Tumblr will terminate, under appropriate circumstances, the Accounts of Subscribers who are repeat copyright infringers, and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate any Subscriber for actual or apparent copyright infringement.

Submitting a DMCA Counter-Notification:

If you believe you are the wrongful subject of a DMCA notification, you may file a counter-notification with Tumblr by providing the following information to the Designated Agent at the address below:

The specific URLs of material that Tumblr has removed or to which Tumblr has disabled access.

Your name, address, telephone number, and email address.

A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or the federal district courts located in New York County, New York if your address is outside of the United States), and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original DMCA notification or an agent of such person.

The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled."

Your signature.

Upon receipt of a valid counter-notification, Tumblr will forward it to Notifying Party who submitted the original DMCA notification. The original Notifying Party (or the copyright holder he or she represents) will then have ten (10) days to notify us that he or she has filed legal action relating to the allegedly infringing material. If Tumblr does not receive any such notification within ten (10) days, we may restore the material to the Services.

Designated Agent

Tumblr, Inc. 
770 Broadway 
New York, NY 10003 
Attn: Copyright Agent 
Fax: +1 (646) 513-4321 
Email: dmca@tumblr.com 
Copyright notice form:https://www.tumblr.com/dmca

21. Open Source Disclosures
You can find disclosures related to our use of open source software packages at the following locations:

https://www.tumblr.com/policy/ios-credits

https://www.tumblr.com/policy/android-credits

https://www.tumblr.com/policy/web-credits

Link to Prior Versions

You will find prior versions of our Terms of Service on GitHub, which will allow you to compare historical versions and see which terms have been updated.

https://github.com/tumblr/policy/commits/master/terms-of-service.txt

last modified on 08/10/2018
Terms of Service
1. Introduction; Your Agreement to these Terms of Service

2. Use of Twitch by Minors and Blocked Persons

3. Privacy Policy

4. Account

5. Use of Devices and Services

6. Modification of these Terms of Service

7. License

8. User Content

9. Prohibited Conduct

10. Respecting Copyright

11. Trademarks

12. Third Party Content

13. Idea Submission

14. Termination

15. Disputes

16. Miscellaneous

17. Requests for Information and How to Serve a Subpoena

1. Introduction; Your Agreement to these Terms of Service.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. THIS IS A BINDING CONTRACT. Welcome to the services operated by Twitch Interactive, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Twitch”) consisting of the website available at http://www.twitch.tv, and its network of websites, software applications, or any other products or services offered by Twitch (the “ Twitch Services ”). Other services offered by Twitch may be subject to separate terms.


When using the Twitch Services, you will be subject to Twitch’s Privacy Policy, Twitch’s Community Guidelines, and you be subject to additional guidelines or rules that are posted on the Twitch Services or made available to you, or applicable to specific services and features that are disclosed to you in connection with such services. Twitch may also offer certain paid services, which are subject to the Twitch Terms of Sale as well as any additional terms or conditions that are disclosed to you in connection with such services. All such terms and guidelines (the "Guidelines") are incorporated into these Terms of Service by reference.

The Terms of Service apply whether you are a user that registers an account with the Twitch Services or an unregistered user. You agree that by clicking “Sign Up” or otherwise registering, downloading, accessing or using the Twitch Services, you are entering into a legally binding agreement between you and Twitch regarding your use of the Twitch Services. You acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, do not access or otherwise use any of the Twitch Services.

When using or opening an account with Twitch on behalf of a company, entity, or organization (collectively, “Subscribing Organization”), you represent and warrant that you: (i) are an authorized representative of that Subscribing Organization with the authority to bind that organization to these Terms of Service and grant the licenses set forth herein; and (ii) agree to these Terms of Service on behalf of such Subscribing Organization.

2. Use of Twitch by Minors and Blocked Persons
The Twitch Services are not available to persons under the age of 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 (or between 13 and the age of legal majority in your jurisdiction of residence), you may only use the Twitch Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Service.

The Twitch Services are also not available to any users previously removed from the Twitch Services by Twitch. Finally, the Twitch Services are not available to any persons barred from receiving them under the laws of the United States (such as its export and re-export restrictions and regulations) or applicable laws in any other jurisdiction.

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE TWITCH SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OF AGE, THAT YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE AGE OF LEGAL MAJORITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION OF RESIDENCE, AND THAT YOU HAVE NOT BEEN PREVIOUSLY REMOVED FROM OR PROHIBITED FROM RECEIVING THE TWITCH SERVICES.

3. Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Twitch. Please see our Privacy Policy for information relating to how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information, and Privacy Choices on how you can manage your online privacy when you use the Twitch Services.

4. Account
a. Account and Password
In order to open an account, you will be asked to provide us with certain information such as an account name and password.

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, for restricting access to your computer, and for all activities that occur under your account or password. Please make sure the information you provide to Twitch upon registration and at all other times is true, accurate, current, and complete to the best of your knowledge.

Unless expressly permitted in writing by Twitch, you may not sell, rent, lease, share or provide access to your account to anyone else, including without limitation charging anyone for access to administrative rights on your account. Twitch reserves all available legal rights and remedies to prevent unauthorized use of the Twitch Services, including, but not limited to, technological barriers, IP mapping, and, in serious cases, directly contacting your Internet Service Provider (ISP) regarding such unauthorized use.

If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure (e.g., in the event of a loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of your account, password, or any credit, debit or charge card), immediately notify Twitch at legal@twitch.tv.

b. Third Party Accounts
Twitch may permit you to register for and log on to the Twitch Services via certain third party services. The third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your information will be subject to that third party service’s privacy policy. Further information about how Twitch collects, uses and discloses your personal information when you link your Twitch account and with your account on any third party service can be found in our Privacy Policy.

5. Use of Devices and Services
Access to the Twitch Services may require the use of your personal computer or mobile device, as well as communications with or use of space on such devices. You are responsible for any Internet connection or mobile fees and charges that you incur when accessing the Twitch Services.

6. Modification of these Terms of Service
Twitch may amend any of the terms of these Terms of Service by posting the terms. Your continued use of the Twitch Services after the effective date of the revised Terms of Service constitutes your acceptance of the terms.

If you are a consumer resident in the European Union and you disagree with any proposed modifications that Twitch has made to the Terms of Service, we encourage you to contact us as soon as possible after you start using the Twitch Services at legal@twitch.tv since otherwise they will be binding on you a reasonable time period after you received notice of the proposed modified Terms of Service (usually 30 days unless there are exceptional circumstances).

7. License
The Twitch Services are owned and operated by Twitch. Unless otherwise indicated, all content, information, and other materials on the Twitch Services (excluding User Content, set out in Section 8 below), including, without limitation, Twitch’s trademarks and logos, the visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, software, computer code (including source code or object code), services, text, pictures, information, data, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the “Materials”) are protected by relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights and laws. All Materials contained on the Twitch Services are the property of Twitch or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing by Twitch, by agreeing to these Terms of Service you are granted a limited, non-sublicensable license (i.e. a personal and limited right) to access and use the Twitch Services for your personal use or internal business use only.

Twitch reserves all rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Service. This license is subject to these Terms of Service and does not permit you to engage in any of the following: (a) resale or commercial use of the Twitch Services or the Materials; (b) distribution, public performance or public display of any Materials; (c) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Twitch Services or the Materials, or any portion of them; (d) use of any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (e) downloading (except page caching) of any portion of the Twitch Services, the Materials, or any information contained in them, except as expressly permitted on the Twitch Services; or (f) any use of the Twitch Services or the Materials except for their intended purposes. Any use of the Twitch Services or the Materials except as specifically authorized in these Terms of Service, without the prior written permission of Twitch, is strictly prohibited and may violate intellectual property rights or other laws. Unless explicitly stated in these Terms of Service, nothing in them shall be interpreted as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or other legal principles. Twitch can terminate this license at any time, without notice, including where we reasonably consider that: (a) your use of the Twitch Services violates these Terms of Service or applicable law; (b) you fraudulently use or misuse the Twitch Services; or (c) we are unable to continue providing the Twitch Services to you due to technical or legitimate business reasons.

8. User Content
Twitch allows users to distribute streaming live and pre-recorded audio-visual works, to use services, such as chat, bulletin boards, forum postings, wiki contributions, voice interactive services, and to participate in other activities in which you may create, post, transmit, perform, or store content, messages, text, sound, images, applications, code or other data or materials on the Twitch Services (“User Content”).

a. License to Twitch
(i) Unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement between you and Twitch that was signed by an authorized representative of Twitch, if you submit, transmit, display, perform, post or store User Content using the Twitch Services, you grant Twitch and its sublicensees, to the furthest extent and for the maximum duration permitted by applicable law (including in perpetuity if permitted under applicable law), an unrestricted, worldwide, irrevocable, fully sub-licenseable, nonexclusive, and royalty-free right to (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content (including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Twitch Services (and derivative works thereof)) in any form, format, media or media channels now known or later developed or discovered; and (b) use the name, identity, likeness and voice (or other biographical information) that you submit in connection with such User Content. Should such User Content contain the name, identity, likeness and voice (or other biographical information) of third parties, you represent and warrant that you have obtained the appropriate consents and/or licenses for your use of such features and that Twitch and its sub-licensees are allowed to use them to the extent indicated in these Terms of Service.

(ii) With respect to User Content known as “add-ons”, “maps”, “mods”, or other types of projects submitted through CurseForge.com or related sites (“Submitted Projects”), the rights granted by you hereunder terminate once you remove or delete such Submitted Projects from the Twitch Services. You also acknowledge that Twitch may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of Submitted Projects that have been removed or deleted.

(iii) With respect to streaming live and pre-recorded audio-visual works, the rights granted by you hereunder terminate once you delete such User Content from the Twitch Services, or generally by closing your account, except (a) to the extent you shared it with others as part of the Twitch Services and others copied or stored portions of the User Content (e.g., made a Clip); (b) Twitch used it for promotional purposes; and (c) for the reasonable time it takes to remove from backup and other systems.

b. User Content Representations and Warranties
You are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. You represent, and warrant that: (1) you are the creator and owner of the User Content or otherwise have sufficient rights and authority to grant the rights granted herein; (2) your User Content does not and will not (a) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right or (b) defame any other person; (3) your User Content does not contain any viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other harmful or malicious code; and (4) unless you have received prior written authorization, your User Content specifically does not contain any pre-release or non-public beta software or game content or any confidential information of Twitch or third parties. Twitch reserves all rights and remedies against any users who breach these representations and warranties.

c. Content is Uploaded at Your Own Risk
Twitch uses reasonable security measures in order to attempt to protect User Content against unauthorized copying and distribution. However, Twitch does not guarantee that any unauthorized copying, use or distribution of User Content by third parties will not take place. To the furthest extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby agree that Twitch shall not be liable for any unauthorized copying, use or distribution of User Content by third parties and release and forever waive any claims you may have against Twitch for any such unauthorized copying or usage of the User Content, under any theory. THE SECURITY MEASURES TO PROTECT USER CONTENT USED BY TWITCH HEREIN ARE PROVIDED AND USED “AS-IS” AND WITH NO WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, CONDITIONS, ASSURANCES OR OTHER TERMS THAT SUCH SECURITY MEASURES WILL WITHSTAND ATTEMPTS TO EVADE SECURITY MECHANISMS OR THAT THERE WILL BE NO CRACKS, DISABLEMENTS OR OTHER CIRCUMVENTION OF SUCH SECURITY MEASURES.

d. Promotions
Users may promote, administer, or conduct a promotion (a contest or sweepstakes) on, through or utilizing the Twitch Services (a “ Promotion ”). If you choose to promote, administer or conduct a Promotion, you must adhere to the following rules: (i) You may carry out Promotions to the extent permitted by applicable law and you are solely responsible for ensuring that any Promotions comply with any and all applicable laws, obligations, and restrictions. (ii) You will be classified as the promoter of your Promotion in the applicable jurisdiction(s) and you will be solely responsible for all aspects of and expenses related to your Promotion, including, without limitation, the execution, administration, and operation of the Promotion; drafting and posting any official rules; selecting winners; issuing prizes; and obtaining all necessary third-party permissions and approvals, including, without limitation, filing any and all necessary registrations and bonds. Twitch has the right to remove your Promotion from the Twitch Services if Twitch reasonably believes that your Promotion does not comply with the Terms of Service or applicable law. (iii) Twitch is not responsible for and does not endorse or support any such Promotions. You may not indicate that Twitch is a sponsor or co-sponsor of the Promotion. (iv) You will display or read out the following when a Promotion is connection with your Promotion: “This is a promotion by [Your Name]. Twitch does not sponsor or endorse [Your Name]’s promotion and is not responsible for this promotion”.

e. Endorsements/Testimonials
You agree that your User Content will comply with the FTC’s Guidelines Concerning the Use of Testimonials and Endorsements in Advertising, the FTC’s .com Disclosures Guide , the FTC’s Native Advertising Guidelines, and any other guidelines issued by the FTC from time to time (“FTC Guidelines”), as well as any other advertising guidelines required under applicable law. For example, if you have been paid or provided with free products in exchange for discussing or promoting a product or service through the Twitch Services, or if you are an employee of a company and you decide to discuss or promote that company’s products or services through the Twitch Services, you agree to comply with the FTC Guidelines’ requirements for disclosing such relationships. You, and not Twitch, are solely responsible for any endorsements or testimonials you make regarding any product or service through the Twitch Services.

9. Prohibited Conduct
YOU AGREE NOT TO violate any law, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right or commit a tort, and that you are solely responsible for your conduct while on the Twitch Services.

You agree that you will comply with these Terms of Service and Twitch’s Community Guidelines and will not:

i. create, upload, transmit, distribute, or store any content that is inaccurate, unlawful, infringing, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, harassing, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable;

ii. impersonate any person or entity, falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity, or access the Twitch Services accounts of others without permission, forge another person’s digital signature, misrepresent the source, identity, or content of information transmitted via the Twitch Services, or perform any other similar fraudulent activity;

iii. make unsolicited offers, advertisements, proposals, or send junk mail or spam to users of the Twitch Services, including, without limitation, unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other solicitation material, bulk mailing of commercial advertising, chain mail, informational announcements, charity requests, petitions for signatures, or any of the preceding things related to promotional giveaways (such as raffles and contests), and other similar activities;

iv. harvest or collect the email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Twitch Services;

v. defame, harass, abuse, threaten or defraud users of the Twitch Services, or collect, or attempt to collect, personal information about users or third parties without their consent;

vi. remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Twitch Services or User Content, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Twitch Services, features that enforce limitations on the use of the Twitch Services or User Content, or delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notices on the Twitch Services or User Content;

vii. reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Twitch Services or any part thereof, except and only to the extent that this activity is expressly permitted by the law of your jurisdiction of residence;

viii. modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based upon the Twitch Services or any part thereof, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation;

ix. interfere with or damage operation of the Twitch Services or any user’s enjoyment of them, by any means, including uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code;

x. relay email from a third party’s mail servers without the permission of that third party;

xi. access any website, server, software application, or other computer resource owned, used and/or licensed by Twitch, including but not limited to the Twitch Services, by means of any robot, spider, scraper, crawler or other automated means for any purpose, or bypass any measures Twitch may use to prevent or restrict access to any website, server, software application, or other computer resource owned, used and/or licensed Twitch, including but not limited to the Twitch Services;

xii. manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any User Content transmitted through the Twitch Services;

xiii. interfere with or disrupt the Twitch Services or servers or networks connected to the Twitch Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Twitch Services; use the Twitch Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Twitch Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Twitch Services in any manner;

xiv. use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization from that user and Twitch;

xv. attempt to circumvent any content filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access any service or area of the Twitch Services that you are not authorized to access;

xvi. attempt to indicate in any manner that you have a relationship with us or that we have endorsed you or any products or services for any purpose; and

xvii. use the Twitch Services for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law or regulation, including, without limitation, laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights, data protection and privacy.

 

Twitch takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content or for any loss or damage resulting therefrom, nor is Twitch liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter when using the Twitch Services. Your use of the Twitch Services is at your own risk. In addition, these rules do not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the Twitch Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by such rules.

Twitch is not liable for any statements or representations included in User Content. Twitch does not endorse any User Content, opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Twitch expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Twitch reserves the right to remove, screen or edit any User Content posted or stored on the Twitch Services at any time and without notice, including where such User Content violates these Terms of Service or applicable law, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on the Twitch Services at your sole cost and expense. Any use of the Twitch Services in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Service and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Twitch Services.

10. Respecting Copyright
Twitch respects the intellectual property of others and follows the requirements set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable laws. If you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that content posted on the Twitch Services infringes upon your copyright, please submit a notice following our DMCA Guidelines, which include further information about our policies, what to include in your notice, and where to submit your notice.

11. Trademarks
TWITCH, the Twitch logos, CURSE, the Curse logos, and any other product or service name, logo, or slogan used by Twitch, and the look and feel of the Twitch Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, are trademarks or trade dress of Twitch, and may not be used in whole or in part in connection with any product or service that is not Twitch’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Twitch, without our prior written permission. Any use of these trademarks must be in accordance with any guidelines that Twitch may provide you from time to time.

All other trademarks referenced in the Twitch Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference on the Twitch Services to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by us or any other affiliation.

12. Third Party Content
In addition to the User Content, Twitch may provide other third party content on the Twitch Services (collectively the “Third-Party Content”). Twitch does not control or endorse any Third-Party Content and makes no representation or warranties of any kind regarding the Third-Party Content, including without limitation regarding its accuracy or completeness. Please be aware that we do not create Third Party Content, update, or monitor it. Therefore we are not responsible for any Third Party Content on the Twitch Services.

You are responsible for deciding if you want to access or use third party websites or applications that link from the Twitch Services (“Reference Sites”). Twitch does not control or endorse any such Reference Sites or the information, materials, products, or services contained on or accessible through Reference Sites, and makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the Reference Sites. In addition, your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Twitch Services are solely between you and such advertiser. Access and use of Reference Sites, including the information, materials, products, and services on or available through Reference Sites is solely at your own risk.

13. Idea Submission
By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals (“Submissions”) to Twitch or its employees, you acknowledge and agree that Twitch shall be entitled to use or disclose such Submissions for any purpose in any way without providing compensation or credit to you.

14. Termination
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Twitch reserves the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Twitch Services (including to post User Content), and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Twitch Services, including where we reasonably consider that: (a) your use of the Twitch Services violates these Terms of Service or applicable law; (b) you fraudulently use or misuse the Twitch Services; or (c) we are unable to continue providing the Twitch Services to you due to technical or legitimate business reasons. This includes the ability to terminate or to suspend your access to any purchased products or services, including any subscriptions, Twitch Prime or Turbo accounts. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, your only remedy with respect to any dissatisfaction with (i) the Twitch Services, (ii) any term of these Terms of Service, (iii) any policy or practice of Twitch in operating the Twitch Services, or (iv) any content or information transmitted through the Twitch Services, is to terminate your account and to discontinue use of any and all parts of the Twitch Services.

15. Disputes
a. Indemnification

The following section only applies to you if you are a Subscribing Organization.

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Twitch, its affiliated companies, contractors, employees, agents and its third-party suppliers, licensors, and partners from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of your use or misuse of the Twitch Services, any User Content you post, store or otherwise transmit in or through the Twitch Services, your violation of the rights of any third party, any violation by you of these Terms of Service, or any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by you herein. Twitch reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify Twitch, and you agree to cooperate with Twitch’s defense of these claims. Twitch will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. The foregoing indemnity includes, without limitation, any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of your Promotions or User Content.

b. Disclaimers; No Warranties

The following section only applies to you if you are a Subscribing Organization.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) THE TWITCH SERVICES AND THE CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN A WRITING BY TWITCH; (B) TWITCH, AND ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, AND SUPPLIERS (“TWITCH PARTIES”) DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE TWITCH SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN; (C) TWITCH DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON THE TWITCH SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE; (D) TWITCH IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RELATING TO TEXT OR PHOTOGRAPHY; AND (E) WHILE TWITCH ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE TWITCH SERVICES SAFE, TWITCH CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE TWITCH SERVICES OR OUR SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM TWITCH OR THROUGH THE TWITCH SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT AS USED IN THIS SECTION 15, THE TERM “TWITCH” INCLUDES TWITCH’S OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, LICENSORS AND SUBCONTRACTORS.

c. Limitation of Liability and Damages

The following sections (i) through (iii) only apply to you if you are a Subscribing Organization.

i. Limitation of Liability.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) IN NO EVENT SHALL TWITCH OR THE TWITCH PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE TWITCH SERVICES, THE CONTENT OR THE MATERIALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM TWITCH, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO TWITCH’S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF TWITCH, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE TWITCH SERVICES EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE TWITCH SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE CLAIM OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.

ii. Reference Sites.

THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY YOU BY REASON OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD OR PROVIDED ON ANY REFERENCE SITES OR OTHERWISE BY THIRD PARTIES OTHER THAN TWITCH AND RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE TWITCH SERVICES OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY REFERENCE SITES.

iii. Basis of the Bargain.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TWITCH HAS OFFERED THE TWITCH SERVICES, USER CONTENT, MATERIALS AND OTHER CONTENT AND INFORMATION, SET ITS PRICES, AND ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN RELIANCE UPON THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN, THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN REFLECT A REASONABLE AND FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN YOU AND TWITCH, AND THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND TWITCH. TWITCH WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE TWITCH SERVICES TO YOU ON AN ECONOMICALLY REASONABLE BASIS WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS.

The following section only applies if you are a consumer resident in the European Union:

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither Twitch and partners in all cases, nor you (if you are an individual customer), will be responsible for: (i) losses that were not caused by any breach on their or your part; (ii) any indirect or consequential losses (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure); or (iii) any indirect or consequential losses that were not foreseeable by both you and us when the Terms of Service were agreed or updated as applicable. If you are a Subscribing Organization, then you are not granted any rights under this section.

d. Applicable Law and Venue

If you are a Subscribing Organization, then the following governing law and arbitration provision applies:

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH TWITCH AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM TWITCH.

You and Twitch agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms of Service or your use of the Twitch Services, except that you and Twitch are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable and other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets, or patents. ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL. You and Twitch agree that you will notify each other in writing of any dispute within thirty (30) days of when it arises. Notice to Twitch shall be sent to Twitch Interactive, Inc., Attn: Legal, 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104. You and Twitch further agree: to attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration; that any arbitration will occur in Santa Clara County, California; that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of JAMS; and that the state or federal courts in Santa Clara County, California have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any suit between the parties not subject to arbitration. Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court. Any dispute between the parties will be governed by this Agreement and the laws of the State of California and applicable United States law, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction. Whether the dispute is heard in arbitration or in court, you and Twitch will not commence against the other a class action, class arbitration or other representative action or proceeding.

If you are a consumer resident of the European Union, then the following applies:

Any disputes, claims or causes of action arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Service will be governed by and construed under the laws of the jurisdiction of your residence. 

Any disputes, claims or causes of action arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Service shall be resolved by competent civil courts within your jurisdiction of residence.

We inform you according to Article 14 of Regulation (EU) No 524/2013 (Regulation on consumer ODR) of your rights in respect of extrajudicial dispute settlements. Detailed information can be found in the aforementioned Regulation and at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.

e. Claims

The following section only applies to you if you are a Subscribing Organization.

YOU AND TWITCH AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TWITCH SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.

16. Miscellaneous
a. Waiver
If we fail to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service, it will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by the relevant party.

b. Severability.
If any provision of these Terms of Service or any Guidelines is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated from these Terms of Service to the minimum extent necessary and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

b. Assignment.
These Terms of Service and related Guidelines, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Twitch without restriction. Any assignment attempted to be made in violation of this Terms of Service shall be void.

d. Survival.
Upon termination of these Terms of Service, any provision which, by its nature or express terms should survive, will survive such termination or expiration, including, but not limited to, Sections 7, 8, 11, 12, and 15-17.

e. Entire Agreement.
The Terms of Service, together with the Terms of Sale, the Privacy Policy and the Guidelines, is the entire agreement between you and Twitch relating to the subject matter herein and will not be modified except in writing, signed or otherwise agreed to by both parties, or by a change to these Terms of Service or Guidelines made by Twitch as set forth in Section 6 above.

17. Requests for Information and How to Serve a Subpoena
All requests for information or documents related to potential, anticipated or current legal proceedings, investigations or disputes, or for third party user information, from any Twitch Service must be made using the appropriate level of legal process, and must be properly served on Twitch via the Corporation Service Company (CSC), Twitch’s national registered agent. Please find below the California address for CSC (the CSC office in your jurisdiction may be located through the Secretary of State’s website):

Twitch Interactive, Inc.
c/o Corporation Service Company
2710 Gateway Oaks Drive, Suite 150N
Sacramento CA 95833.

Please note that Twitch does not accept such requests for information or documents, or service of process, via e-mail or fax and will not respond to such requests. All requests must include the information you may have that will help us identify the relevant records (particularly, the Twitch Service at issue, e.g. www.twitch.tv, www.gamepedia.com, and the username at issue, e.g. the Twitch username: http://www.twitch.tv/username), the specific information requested, and its relationship to your investigation. Please also note that limiting your request to the relevant records (e.g. a limited time period) will facilitate efficient processing of your request.

The Twitch Services are offered by Twitch Interactive, Inc., located at: 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104 and email: help@twitch.tv. If you are a California resident, you may have this same information emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and a request for this information.
Terms of Service
(if you live outside of the US)

These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered services (https://support.twitter.com/articles/20172501) that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, links, graphics, photos, videos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.

1. Who May Use the Services

2. Privacy

3. Content on the Services

4. Using the Services

5. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability

6. General

1. Who May Use the Services
You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with Twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so.
2. Privacy
Our Privacy Policy (https://www.twitter.com/privacy) describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use our Services. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States, Ireland, and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Twitter and its affiliates.
3. Content on the Services
You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others.

Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content.

Twitter respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do the same. We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us, as described in our Copyright policy (https://support.twitter.com/articles/15795). If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our Copyright reporting form (https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmca) or contacting our designated copyright agent at:

Twitter, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
1355 Market Street, Suite 900
San Francisco, CA 94103
Reports: https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmca
Email: copyright@twitter.com

Your Rights

You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your photos and videos are part of the Content).

By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for Twitter to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by Twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals, may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services.

Twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media. You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any Content that you submit.

4. Using the Services
Please review the Twitter Rules, which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Our Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you.

In consideration for Twitter granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that Twitter and its third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others. You also agree not to misuse our Services, for example, by interfering with them or accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Twitter’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Twitter’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Twitter (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Twitter is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Twitter, its users and the public. Twitter does not disclose personally-identifying information to third parties except in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to Twitter for Websites (https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview), Twitter Cards (https://dev.twitter.com/cards/overview), Public API (https://dev.twitter.com/streaming/public), or Sign in with Twitter (https://dev.twitter.com/web/sign-in), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/policy). If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the Twitter Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on dev.twitter.com.

If you use advertising features of the Services, you must agree to our Twitter Master Services Agreement (https://ads.twitter.com/terms).

If you use commerce features of the Services that require credit or debit card information, such as our Buy Now feature, you agree to our Twitter Commerce Terms (https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171943).

Your Account

You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above.

You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number.

Your License to Use the Services

Twitter gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Twitter, in the manner permitted by these Terms.

The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Twitter name or any of the Twitter trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of Twitter and its licensors. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Twitter, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.

Ending These Terms

You may end your legal agreement with Twitter at any time by deactivating your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. See http://support.twitter.com/articles/15358-how-to-deactivate-your-account for instructions on how to deactivate your account and the Privacy Policy for more information on what happens to your information.

We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the Twitter Rules, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or (iv) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account, depending on the circumstances. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: II, III, V, and VI.

5. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
The Services are Available “AS-IS”

Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The “Twitter Entities” refers to Twitter, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE TWITTER ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. The Twitter Entities make no warranty or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the Twitter Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein.

Limitation of Liability

THE TWITTER ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE TWITTER ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN THEIR ENTIRETIES, BUT WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

6. General
We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms, which will always be at twitter.com/tos, will govern our relationship with you. We will try to notify you of material revisions, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. Twitter’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.

These Terms are an agreement between you and Twitter International Company, an Irish company with its registered office at The Academy, 42 Pearse Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.

Legal

UBER B.V.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Last updated: March 16, 2017

1. Contractual Relationship

These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern the access or use by you, an individual, from within any country in the world (excluding the United States and its territories and possessions and Mainland China) of applications, websites, content, products, and services (the “Services”) made available by Uber B.V., a private limited liability company established in the Netherlands, having its offices at Vijzelstraat 68, 1017 HL, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, registered at the Amsterdam Chamber of Commerce under number 56317441 (“Uber”).

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES.

Your access and use of the Services constitutes your agreement to be bound by these Terms, which establishes a contractual relationship between you and Uber. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use the Services. These Terms expressly supersede prior agreements or arrangements with you. Uber may immediately terminate these Terms or any Services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or deny access to the Services or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.

Supplemental terms may apply to certain Services, such as policies for a particular event, activity or promotion, and such supplemental terms will be disclosed to you in connection with the applicable Services. Supplemental terms are in addition to, and shall be deemed a part of, the Terms for the purposes of the applicable Services. Supplemental terms shall prevail over these Terms in the event of a conflict with respect to the applicable Services.

Uber may amend the Terms related to the Services from time to time. Amendments will be effective upon Uber’s posting of such updated Terms at this location or the amended policies or supplemental terms on the applicable Service. Your continued access or use of the Services after such posting constitutes your consent to be bound by the Terms, as amended.

Our collection and use of personal information in connection with the Services is as provided in Uber’s Privacy Policy located at https://www.uber.com/legal. Uber may provide to a claims processor or an insurer any necessary information (including your contact information) if there is a complaint, dispute or conflict, which may include an accident, involving you and a Third Party Provider (including a transportation network company driver) and such information or data is necessary to resolve the complaint, dispute or conflict.

2. The Services

The Services constitute a technology platform that enables users of Uber’s mobile applications or websites provided as part of the Services (each, an “Application”) to arrange and schedule transportation and/or logistics services with independent third party providers of such services, including independent third party transportation providers and independent third party logistics providers under agreement with Uber or certain of Uber’s affiliates (“Third Party Providers”). Unless otherwise agreed by Uber in a separate written agreement with you, the Services are made available solely for your personal, noncommercial use. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT UBER DOES NOT PROVIDE TRANSPORTATION OR LOGISTICS SERVICES OR FUNCTION AS A TRANSPORTATION CARRIER AND THAT ALL SUCH TRANSPORTATION OR LOGISTICS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTY CONTRACTORS WHO ARE NOT EMPLOYED BY UBER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES.

License.

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Uber grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferrable license to: (i) access and use the Applications on your personal device solely in connection with your use of the Services; and (ii) access and use any content, information and related materials that may be made available through the Services, in each case solely for your personal, noncommercial use. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Uber and Uber’s licensors.

Restrictions.

You may not: (i) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from any portion of the Services; (ii) reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, lease, sell, resell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Services except as expressly permitted by Uber; (iii) decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the Services except as may be permitted by applicable law; (iv) link to, mirror or frame any portion of the Services; (v) cause or launch any programs or scripts for the purpose of scraping, indexing, surveying, or otherwise data mining any portion of the Services or unduly burdening or hindering the operation and/or functionality of any aspect of the Services; or (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to or impair any aspect of the Services or its related systems or networks.

Provision of the Services.

You acknowledge that portions of the Services may be made available under Uber’s various brands or request options associated with transportation or logistics, including the transportation request brands currently referred to as “Uber,” “uberPOP,” “uberX,” “uberXL,” “UberBLACK,” “UberSUV,” “UberBERLINE,” “UberVAN,” “UberEXEC,” and “UberLUX” and the logistics request brands currently referred to as “UberRUSH,” “UberFRESH” and “UberEATS”. You also acknowledge that the Services may be made available under such brands or request options by or in connection with: (i) certain of Uber’s subsidiaries and affiliates; or (ii) independent Third Party Providers, including transportation network company drivers, transportation charter permit holders or holders of similar transportation permits, authorizations or licenses.

Third Party Services and Content.

The Services may be made available or accessed in connection with third party services and content (including advertising) that Uber does not control. You acknowledge that different terms of use and privacy policies may apply to your use of such third party services and content. Uber does not endorse such third party services and content and in no event shall Uber be responsible or liable for any products or services of such third party providers. Additionally, Apple Inc., Google, Inc., Microsoft Corporation or BlackBerry Limited and/or their applicable international subsidiaries and affiliates will be third-party beneficiaries to this contract if you access the Services using Applications developed for Apple iOS, Android, Microsoft Windows, or Blackberry-powered mobile devices, respectively. These third party beneficiaries are not parties to this contract and are not responsible for the provision or support of the Services in any manner. Your access to the Services using these devices is subject to terms set forth in the applicable third party beneficiary’s terms of service.

Ownership.

The Services and all rights therein are and shall remain Uber’s property or the property of Uber’s licensors. Neither these Terms nor your use of the Services convey or grant to you any rights: (i) in or related to the Services except for the limited license granted above; or (ii) to use or reference in any manner Uber’s company names, logos, product and service names, trademarks or services marks or those of Uber’s licensors.

3. Your Use of the Services

User Accounts.

In order to use most aspects of the Services, youmust register for and maintain an active personal user Services account (“Account”). You must be at least 18 years of age, or the age of legal majority in your jurisdiction (if different than 18), to obtain an Account. Account registration requires you to submit to Uber certain personal information, such as your name, address, mobile phone number and age, as well as at least one valid payment method (either a credit card or accepted payment partner). You agree to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in your Account. Your failure to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date Account information, including having an invalid or expired payment method on file, may result in your inability to access and use the Services or Uber’s termination of these Terms with you. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Account, and you agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your Account username and password at all times. Unless otherwise permitted by Uber in writing, you may only possess one Account.

User Requirements and Conduct.

The Service is not available for use by persons under the age of 18. You may not authorize third parties to use your Account, and you may not allow persons under the age of 18 to receive transportation or logistics services from Third Party Providers unless they are accompanied by you. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Account to any other person or entity. You agree to comply with all applicable laws when using the Services, and you may only use the Services for lawful purposes (e.g., no transport of unlawful or hazardous materials). You will not, in your use of the Services, cause nuisance, annoyance, inconvenience, or property damage, whether to the Third Party Provider or any other party. In certain instances you may be asked to provide proof of identity to access or use the Services, and you agree that you may be denied access to or use of the Services if you refuse to provide proof of identity.

Text Messaging.

By creating an Account, you agree that the Services may send you informational text (SMS) messages as part of the normal business operation of your use of the Services. You may opt-out of receiving text (SMS) messages from Uber at any time by following the directions found at http://t.uber.com/SMS-unsubscribe. You acknowledge that opting out of receiving text (SMS) messages may impact your use of the Services.

Promotional Codes.

Uber may, in Uber’s sole discretion, create promotional codes that may be redeemed for Account credit, or other features or benefits related to the Services and/or a Third Party Provider’s services, subject to any additional terms that Uber establishes on a per promotional code basis (“Promo Codes”). You agree that Promo Codes: (i) must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner; (ii) may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public form or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by Uber; (iii) may be disabled by Uber at any time for any reason without liability to Uber; (iv) may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that Uber establishes for such Promo Code; (v) are not valid for cash; and (vi) may expire prior to your use. Uber reserves the right to withhold or deduct credits or other features or benefits obtained through the use of Promo Codes by you or any other user in the event that Uber determines or believes that the use or redemption of the Promo Code was in error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the applicable Promo Code terms or these Terms.

User Provided Content.

Uber may, in Uber’s sole discretion, permit you from time to time to submit, upload, publish or otherwise make available to Uber through the Services textual, audio, and/or visual content and information, including commentary and feedback related to the Services, initiation of support requests, and submission of entries for competitions and promotions (“User Content”). Any User Content provided by you remains your property. However, by providing User Content to Uber, you grant Uber a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, transferrable, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise exploit in any manner such User Content in all formats and distribution channels now known or hereafter devised (including in connection with the Services and Uber’s business and on third-party sites and services), without further notice to or consent from you, and without the requirement of payment to you or any other person or entity.

You represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User Content or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases necessary to grant Uber the license to the User Content as set forth above; and (ii) neither the User Content nor your submission, uploading, publishing or otherwise making available of such User Content nor Uber’s use of the User Content as permitted herein will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property or proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.

You agree to not provide User Content that is defamatory, libelous, hateful, violent, obscene, pornographic, unlawful, or otherwise offensive, as determined by Uber in its sole discretion, whether or not such material may be protected by law. Uber may, but shall not be obligated to, review, monitor, or remove User Content, at Uber’s sole discretion and at any time and for any reason, without notice to you.

Network Access and Devices.

You are responsible for obtaining the data network access necessary to use the Services. Your mobile network’s data and messaging rates and fees may apply if you access or use the Services from a wireless-enabled device and you shall be responsible for such rates and fees. You are responsible for acquiring and updating compatible hardware or devices necessary to access and use the Services and Applications and any updates thereto. Uber does not guarantee that the Services, or any portion thereof, will function on any particular hardware or devices. In addition, the Services may be subject to malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications.

4. Payment

You understand that use of the Services may result in charges to you for the services or goods you receive from a Third Party Provider (“Charges ”). After you have received services or goods obtained through your use of the Service, Uber will facilitate your payment of the applicable Charges on behalf of the Third Party Provider as such Third Party Provider’s limited payment collection agent. Payment of the Charges in such manner shall be considered the same as payment made directly by you to the Third Party Provider. Charges will be inclusive of applicable taxes where required by law. Charges paid by you are final and non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by Uber. You retain the right to request lower Charges from a Third Party Provider for services or goods received by you from such Third Party Provider at the time you receive such services or goods. Uber will respond accordingly to any request from a Third Party Provider to modify the Charges for a particular service or good.

All Charges are due immediately and payment will be facilitated by Uber using the preferred payment method designated in your Account, after which Uber will send you a receipt by email. If your primary Account payment method is determined to be expired, invalid or otherwise not able to be charged, you agree that Uber may, as the Third Party Provider’s limited payment collection agent, use a secondary payment method in your Account, if available.

As between you and Uber, Uber reserves the right to establish, remove and/or revise Charges for any or all services or goods obtained through the use of the Services at any time in Uber's sole discretion. Further, you acknowledge and agree that Charges applicable in certain geographical areas may increase substantially during times of high demand. Uber will use reasonable efforts to inform you of Charges that may apply, provided that you will be responsible for Charges incurred under your Account regardless of your awareness of such Charges or the amounts thereof. Uber may from time to time provide certain users with promotional offers and discounts that may result in different amounts charged for the same or similar services or goods obtained through the use of the Services, and you agree that such promotional offers and discounts, unless also made available to you, shall have no bearing on your use of the Services or the Charges applied to you. You may elect to cancel your request for services or goods from a Third Party Provider at any time prior to such Third Party Provider’s arrival, in which case you may be charged a cancellation fee.

This payment structure is intended to fully compensate the Third Party Provider for the services or goods provided. Except with respect to taxicab transportation services requested through the Application, Uber does not designate any portion of your payment as a tip or gratuity to the Third Party Provider. Any representation by Uber (on Uber’s website, in the Application, or in Uber’s marketing materials) to the effect that tipping is “voluntary,” “not required,” and/or “included” in the payments you make for services or goods provided is not intended to suggest that Uber provides any additional amounts, beyond those described above, to the Third Party Provider. You understand and agree that, while you are free to provide additional payment as a gratuity to any Third Party Provider who provides you with services or goods obtained through the Service, you are under no obligation to do so. Gratuities are voluntary. After you have received services or goods obtained through the Service, you will have the opportunity to rate your experience and leave additional feedback about your Third Party Provider.

Repair or Cleaning Fees.

You shall be responsible for the cost of repair for damage to, or necessary cleaning of, Third Party Provider vehicles and property resulting from use of the Services under your Account in excess of normal “wear and tear” damages and necessary cleaning (“Repair or Cleaning”). In the event that a Third Party Provider reports the need for Repair or Cleaning, and such Repair or Cleaning request is verified by Uber in Uber’s reasonable discretion, Uber reserves the right to facilitate payment for the reasonable cost of such Repair or Cleaning on behalf of the Third Party Provider using your payment method designated in your Account. Such amounts will be transferred by Uber to the applicable Third Party Provider and are non-refundable.

5. Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity.

DISCLAIMER.

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” UBER DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, UBER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR GOODS REQUESTED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. UBER DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND ANY SERVICE OR GOOD REQUESTED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, REMAINS SOLELY WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

UBER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE RELATED TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF UBER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UBER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LIABILITY OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF: (i) YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICES OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; OR (ii) ANY TRANSACTION OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER, EVEN IF UBER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UBER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING FROM CAUSES BEYOND UBER’S REASONABLE CONTROL. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIRD PARTY TRANSPORTATION PROVIDERS PROVIDING TRANSPORTATION SERVICES REQUESTED THROUGH SOME REQUEST BRANDS MAY OFFER RIDESHARING OR PEER-TO-PEER TRANSPORTATION SERVICES AND MAY NOT BE PROFESSIONALLY LICENSED OR PERMITTED. IN NO EVENT SHALL UBER’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED EUROS (€500).

UBER’S SERVICES MAY BE USED BY YOU TO REQUEST AND SCHEDULE TRANSPORTATION, GOODS OR LOGISTICS SERVICES WITH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, BUT YOU AGREE THAT UBER HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO YOU RELATED TO ANY TRANSPORTATION, GOODS OR LOGISTICS SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS.

THE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMER IN THIS SECTION 5 DO NOT PURPORT TO LIMIT LIABILITY OR ALTER YOUR RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

Indemnity.

You agree to indemnify and hold Uber and its officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or in connection with: (i) your use of the Services or services or goods obtained through your use of the Services; (ii) your breach or violation of any of these Terms; (iii) Uber’s use of your User Content; or (iv) your violation of the rights of any third party, including Third Party Providers.

6. Governing Law; Arbitration.

Except as otherwise set forth in these Terms, these Terms shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands, excluding its rules on conflicts of laws. The Vienna Convention on the International Sale of Goods of 1980 (CISG) shall not apply. Any dispute, conflict, claim or controversy arising out of or broadly in connection with or relating to the Services or these Terms, including those relating to its validity, its construction or its enforceability (any “Dispute”) shall be first mandatorily submitted to mediation proceedings under the International Chamber of Commerce Mediation Rules (“ICC Mediation Rules”). If such Dispute has not been settled within sixty (60) days after a request for mediation has been submitted under such ICC Mediation Rules, such Dispute can be referred to and shall be exclusively and finally resolved by arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC Arbitration Rules”). The ICC Rules' Emergency Arbitrator provisions are excluded. The Dispute shall be resolved by one (1) arbitrator to be appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules. The place of both mediation and arbitration shall be Amsterdam, The Netherlands, without prejudice to any rights you may have under Article 18 of the Brussels I bis Regulation (OJ EU 2012 L351/1) and/or Article 6:236n of the Dutch Civil Code. The language of the mediation and/or arbitration shall be English, unless you do not spe­ak English, in which case the mediation and/or arbitration shall be conducted in both English and your native language. The existence and content of the mediation and arbitration proceedings, including documents and briefs submitted by the parties, correspondence from and to the International Chamber of Commerce, correspondence from the mediator, and correspondence, orders and awards issued by the sole arbitrator, shall remain strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third party without the express written consent from the other party unless: (i) the disclosure to the third party is reasonably required in the context of conducting the mediation or arbitration proceedings; and (ii) the third party agrees unconditionally in writing to be bound by the confidentiality obligation stipulated herein.

7. Other Provisions

Claims of Copyright Infringement.

Claims of copyright infringement should be sent to Uber’s designated agent. Please visit Uber’s web page at https://www.uber.com/legal for the designated address and additional information.

Notice.

Uber may give notice by means of a general notice on the Services, electronic mail to your email address in your Account, or by written communication sent to your address as set forth in your Account. You may give notice to Uber by written communication to Uber's address at Vijzelstraat 68, 1017 HL, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

General.

You may not assign or transfer these Terms in whole or in part without Uber’s prior written approval. You give your approval to Uber for it to assign or transfer these Terms in whole or in part, including to: (i) a subsidiary or affiliate; (ii) an acquirer of Uber’s equity, business or assets; or (iii) a successor by merger. No joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you, Uber or any Third Party Provider as a result of the contract between you and Uber or use of the Services.

If any provision of these Terms is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any law, such provision or part thereof shall to that extent be deemed not to form part of these Terms but the legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions in these Terms shall not be affected. In that event, the parties shall replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or part thereof with a provision or part thereof that is legal, valid and enforceable and that has, to the greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or part thereof, given the contents and purpose of these Terms. These Terms constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter and replaces and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or undertakings regarding such subject matter. In these Terms, the words “including” and “include” mean “including, but not limited to.”

TERMS OF USE OF UBISOFT SERVICES
UBISOFT
TERMS OF USE OF UBISOFT SERVICES
Last revised: May 28th, 2018

Table of contents:

DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES

ACCOUNT

USE OF SERVICES AND RULES OF CONDUCT

ACCESS AND TERMS SPECIFIC TO MINORS

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

USER GENERATED CONTENT

REPORTING OF UNLAWFUL CONTENT

TECHNICAL PROTECTIVE MEASURES – DIGITAL RIGHTS MANAGEMENT

CREDITS, SUBSCRIPTIONS AND UBISOFT POINTS

MERCHANT SERVICES (UBISHOP)

FORUMS AND DISCUSSION AREAS PROVIDED BY THE SERVICES

COMPETITIONS,LOTTERIES AND LOYALTY PROGRAMS

ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION OF PRODUCTS

BETA TESTS

LIABILITY, INDEMNITY AND COMPENSATION

TERMINATION

UPDATING OF SERVICES AND TERMS

CONFIDENTIALITY AND COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA

HEALTH OF VIDEO GAME USERS

SOFTWARE, UTILITIES AND TOOLS

SPECIFIC TERMS FOR COMPATIBLE MOBILE TERMINALS

MISCELLANEOUS

WELCOME TO UBISOFT SERVICES.

PLEASE READ THESE GENERAL TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY

1. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES
1.1 These general terms of use (the "Terms") govern your use of the online games, applications and services, including the online functions of multimedia products, the websites, servers, software and the framework through which these items are provided (collectively the "Services") currently provided or which will be provided by UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A., or any one of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies, including UBISOFT EMEA SAS AND UBISOFT LTD. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "UBISOFT" or "We").

1.2 You should read these Terms carefully as they set out the basis on which we make the Services available. As a user ("User"), your use of any or all of the Services and Content (as defined in Article 1.3 below), indicate that you accept these Terms, our Privacy Policy and other applicable terms depending on the Service You use including without limitation the terms of sale ("Terms of Sale"), the End User License Agreement ("EULA") and other "game rules") and that you agree to comply with them fully. If you do not agree with these, please do not continue to use our Services.

1.3 Content includes all text, graphics, music or sounds, all messages or items of information, fictional characters, names, themes, objects, scenery, costumes, effects, dialogues, slogans, places, characters, diagrams, concepts, choreographies, videos, audio-visual effects, domain names and any other elements which are part of the Services, individually or in combination, together with all related Intellectual Property Rights in the above, (collectively, the "Content").

For the avoidance of doubt, Content includes:

content created by other Users;

Additional Content; and

Test Contents (as defined in Article 12 below).

1.4 UBISOFT’s Privacy Policy can be found on https://legal.ubi.com and is an integral part of these Terms. Please read it carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.

1.5 UBISOFT reserves the right to change, modify, add or delete Articles in these Terms at any time, in accordance with the procedures described below in Article 17.

2. ACCOUNT
2.1 Creation of Your Account.

Access to and use of certain additional functions and/or benefits of the Services are subject to the creation of an account with UBISOFT (an "Account"). If you do not have an Account, you can create one on http://www.ubi.com or on http://www.uplay.com.

To create an Account, you must have an e-mail address and supply accurate complete and up-to-date information. You must be authorised to use the Services for which you register, and in particular meet the age criteria.

Certain Services may require the creation of a username or an avatar and they will be linked to your Account and that will be publicly displayed. We therefore advise you not to include your surname in your username. For other information that may be publicly displayed, please refer to our Privacy Policy.

You may not:

select or use a username or an avatar which is already used by someone else or associated with another Account; or

select or use a username or avatar which does not meet the requirements of these Terms, in particular the rules of conduct set out in Article 3.2 and the Content standards set out in Article 3.3.

create multiple accounts, except if this is specifically allowed with the Service by UBISOFT. In such case, you acknowledge that you will close your additional Account upon UBISOFT’s request. UBISOFT advises you not to include your surname in your User name.

If you choose, or you are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We will never ask you to reveal your password and will never initiate contact with you to ask you for the memory joggers associated with your password. Any use, in particular any purchase of Services, using your Account with your password will be deemed to be carried out by you. We have the right to disable any username or password if in our sole opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.

2.2 Accuracy and Use of Your Account Data.

You agree to supply and keep the personal information relating to your Account accurate, complete and up-to-date (including in the event of a transfer of data from a pre-existing Account).

You shall not claim to be any other person or entity and shall not represent your identity or an affiliation with any other person or entity in an inaccurate way, including by using the username, password or any other information relating to someone else’s Account or the name, likeness, voice, image or photograph of another person or by providing false information concerning a parent or legal guardian when the registration process asks you to give this information.

We may take action to check the accuracy of the information you give, including by checking landline or mobile telephone numbers and/or e-mail address you have given for you or a parent or legal guardian when applicable. In order to protect minors, other Users and prevent risks of fraud, you agree to send the necessary authorisations and supporting documents to UBISOFT on request by e-mail, fax or post. The documents requested may include a copy of your national identity card or your passport.

You also agree to inform UBISOFT as quickly as possible at emea-email-support@ubisoft.com of any unauthorised use of your username, password or other information concerning your Account or of any other security violation concerning or involving the Services which comes to your attention.

3. USE OF SERVICES AND RULES OF CONDUCT
3.1 Use of Services.

You must be authorised to use the Services for which you register in accordance with these Terms or any other terms applicable to such a Service.

The Services are intended for personal use only and you must in no event use them in any way for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us and/or our licensors.

You shall not, directly or indirectly:

sell, rent out or market the Content;

arrange, modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, translate, adapt, reproduce, distribute, disseminate, re-post or transfer any element of the Content;

automate or use on a large-volume the Content;

transfer any Content between any computers or mobile devices except as involved in ordinary use of the Services.

Where available as part of the Services, you are authorised by UBISOFT to download the Content in question to your computer(s) or mobile device(s) and to print the pages, when applicable, provided that you:

keep intact all copyright and trademark indications and other authorship and origin information;

do not copy (except for copying involved in ordinary use of the Services; and the creation of a single copy for backup requirements) or distribute the Content, or copies or derivative documents based wholly or partially on the Content; and

do not use the Content in a manner which would suggest an association with one of UBISOFT’s products, services and/or brand names.

If you print, copy or download any part of our Services in breach of these Terms, your right to use our Services will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.

You are solely responsible for any damage caused to UBISOFT, its partners, other Users of the games and Services or any other individual or legal entity as a result of use of all or part of the Services in violation of the law or of your obligations as set out in these Terms.

3.2 Rules of Conduct.

You warrant that you shall comply with our rules of conduct set out in this Article 3.2.

You may only use the Services for lawful purposes and according to anticipated use of the Services.

You may not:

use the Services in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;

use any element of the Services or Content which would infringe the Intellectual Property Rights or other rights of others and/or of UBISOFT;

create, use, share and/or publish by any means (forum, public profile or other means) in relation to the Services any material (text, words, images, sounds, videos, etc.) which would breach of a duty of confidentiality, infringe an individual’s right to privacy or which would incite the committing of an unlawful act (in particular, piracy, cracking or circulation of counterfeit software);

access or aim to access parts of the Services whose use has not been authorised by UBISOFT;

arrange, modify, translate, adapt, reproduce, index, copy and/or extract any information, software, product or other element or part of the Content by any means without UBISOFT’s express prior permission as set out in these Terms or otherwise;

modify, distort, block, abnormally burden, disrupt, slow down and/or hinder the normal functioning of all or part of the Services, or their accessibility to other Users, or the functioning of the partner networks of the Services, or attempt to do any of the above;

transmit or propagate any virus, trojan horse, worm, bomb, corrupted file and/or similar destructive device or corrupted data in relation to the Services, and/or organise, participate in or be involved in any way in an attack on UBISOFT’s servers and/or the Services and/or those of its service providers and partners;

create, use and/or circulate "auto" or "macro" computer programs including without limitation "cheats", "mods", "hacks", "bots" and "trainers" programs or software applications, and/or use the Services via a mirror site;

create, supply or use alternative methods of using the Services, for example server emulators;

use incorrect information, use another User’s Account, assume another person’s identity or present false credentials in relation to any individual or legal entity in relation to the Services;

use any means not expressly permitted by UBISOFT to collect or intercept data exchanged by other Users within the framework of the Services, or the names/ usernames and/or passwords of any other User;

attempt to obtain a password, information concerning an Account or other information of a private nature from any other User of the Services, and/or sell, rent out, share, lend and/or in any other way transfer to any outside party your Account and/or the means of accessing it and/or in any other way allow any outside party to benefit from your Account;

make inappropriate use of the help service or the claim buttons or send untruthful reports to members of UBISOFT’s personnel;

access, use, download from the Services or otherwise reproduce or supply to anyone (free of charge or in return for payment) any directory of Users of the Services or any other information concerning Users or use of the Services;

refuse to obey the instructions of any UBISOFT representative, and/or falsely claim to be an employee or representative of UBISOFT or its partners and/or agents.

3.3 Content Standards

In relation to the Services, you may not:

create, use, share and/or publish by any means (forum, public profile or other means) any material (text, words, images, sounds, videos, etc.) or Content which, in UBISOFT’s sole opinion, is unlawful, aggressive, threatening, malicious, defamatory, untruthful, pornographic, paedophilic, obscene, vulgar, racist, xenophobic, liable to incite hatred, sexually explicit, insulting, violent, contrary to morality or in any other way unacceptable; or

harass other Users, send them unsolicited advertising, promotional items or messages for commercial purposes, use the Services for purposes of surveys, competitions, pyramid selling or similar operations, or for sending mass e-mails or spam.

3.4 Amendments

We reserve the right to amend the rules of conduct and content standards set out in Articles 3.2 and 3.3 to place limits on the use of the Services. We may, for example, define: a maximum number of days for which messages or any other downloaded Content will be stored as part of the Services; a maximum number or volume of messages which can be sent or received by an Account opened on the Services; a maximum memory capacity which will be allocated by our servers for your Account; and / or a maximum number of times you may access the Services, together with a maximum duration for each access during a given period.

3.5 Monitoring of Services by UBISOFT

We are not responsible for and do not endorse the opinions, advice and/or recommendations displayed or sent by Users on the Services, including in public message forums. Such communications are the sole responsibility of the User in question.

Subject to the applicable legal requirements, we do not undertake to monitor the Content, messages and other information made available on the Services by its Users. We may, though are not required to, oversee, monitor or moderate our Services, particularly on website home pages and forums. Some further details of our monitoring of the Services in relation to Minors is set out in Articles 4 and 6.

We reserve the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse any username, screen name and/or password you have chosen.

4. ACCESS AND TERMS SPECIFIC TO MINORS
4.1 If you are a minor, you should read these Terms with the help of your parents or guardians.

4.2 If you are a parent or guardian, UBISOFT recommends that you monitor your children’s online activities and check that your children never disclose their personal data without your prior consent.

4.3 We may restrict access to certain Services on age grounds. For such Services,we ask for a parent or guardian’s approval when a child under 12 years old (a "Minor") wishes to use the Services made available to Minors. When a Minor registers, they must supply the e-mail address of a parent or legal guardian who we will contact to confirm, refuse or modify their child’s access to Services. UBISOFT reserves the right to limit the period during which a Minor may play pending confirmation and activation by their parent or guardian.

4.4 We reserve the right to ask for written proof of consent from a parent or guardian for any User or potential User of the Services we suspect is a Minor. Parental consent applies exclusively to the Service for which it has been granted.

4.5 Certain Services are specially designed for children and enable children to create their own free Account for which UBISOFT collects their username, password, date of birth (or age), country and parent or guardian’s e-mail address.

4.6 Such Services sometimes offer the possibility of paying for a subscription or certain game functions which enable children to participate in more activities on the Services. The subscription services may also allow parents or guardians to manage their children’s account and create their own new player Account.

4.7 Certain Services enable children to create personalised avatars which they can use across the Services, including mini-games and virtual worlds. Children may also use other functions of the Services such as "recommend to a friend" to invite a friend to find out about the Services. Invitation functions enable children to send their friends a single message inviting them to visit the related Service. We will collect the first name and e-mail address of your child (or, failing that, the e-mail address of the parent or guardian) and the e-mail address of their friend for the sole purpose of sending a single message. This information is neither stored nor used for any other purpose and we do not reveal your child’s e-mail address to the recipient.

4.8 Certain Services enable children to receive newsletters. Minors with access to a forum will be able to see other Users’ messages in the forum. On certain forums UBISOFT may operate a ‘safe chat’ system which either filters words and set phrases which we consider unacceptable for Minors, or limits submissions to a list of predefined phrases. This aims to reduce content of a hurtful or insulting nature. When a forum Service is available, "report abuse" links are provided.

4.9 Parents or guardians may de-activate their child’s account at any time by creating a parental account or by sending an e-mail to the administrator of the Privacy Policy, whose contact details are given in the Privacy Policy.

4.10 In all cases, all use of the Services by Minors is the responsibility of their parents or legal guardians whom we assume approve their use of the Services and agree to these Terms.

4.11 As far as is permitted by law, UBISOFT accepts no responsibility regarding any activities which may be conducted by minors without the permission of their parents or legal guardians. If you are a parent or legal guardian and you give your permission for your child to resister for one or other of the services, you thereby agree to the Terms relating to use of the Services by your child. Please consult our Privacy Policy available on legal.ubi.com for further details.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
5.1 Intellectual Property Rights are defined as "patents, rights to inventions, copyright and related rights, trademarks, trade names, domain names, rights in get-up, rights in goodwill or to sue for passing off, unfair competition rights, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights, topography rights, moral rights, rights in confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and including all applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world".

5.2 The Services and Content are protected by national and international laws and treaties. Except as expressly set out in these Terms, we, and our licensees and licensors, reserve our respective Intellectual Property Rights in the Services and the Content. Any reproduction or representation of these elements in any way and for any reason is prohibited without our prior permission and, if applicable, our licensors’ and representatives’.

5.3 Save as expressly set out in these Terms, no Intellectual Property Rights of any kind are assigned or licensed to you.

5.4 The Services, Content, and all Intellectual Property Rights in them belong to UBISOFT or its licensors and representatives, with the exception of any content generated by the User (dealt with in Article 6 below).

6. USER GENERATED CONTENT
6.1 UBISOFT offers you the possibility of (i) creating, editing, modifying, adapting, material or information of either original content or, if applicable, Content and/or tools made available to you by UBISOFT in certain Services, and (ii) uploading, publishing or submitting such material or information via the Services (any of which is "User Generated Content" or "UGC").

If you create UGC, you undertake to comply with the Articles of these Terms at all times during and after the creation of this UGC. The Terms will continue to apply after any termination of your Account.

You understand that all UGC, whether you have publicly posted on a forum or privately transmitted to another Service user or to us, is your sole responsibility. Though the Services are designed to be a safe place to share such UGC, UBISOFT cannot guaranty that other users will not misuse the UGC that you share. If you have any UGC that you would like to keep confidential and/or do not want others to use (including but not limited to, photos, personal information, name, home address, telephone number, etc.), do not post it to the Services. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL UBISOFT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY UGC, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY UGC, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY UGC POSTED, EMAILED OR OTHERWISE TRANSMITTED VIA THE SERVICES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, UBISOFT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR A USER’S MISUSE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY UGC YOU POST TO THE SERVICES.

6.2 UGC derived from pre-existing UBISOFT Content ("Derived UGC")

You declare that you accept the fact that UGC may be developed and created using tools and/or on the basis of Content belonging to UBISOFT, such as, in particular and without limitation, titles, fictional characters, names, themes, objects, scenery, costumes, effects, texts, dialogues, slogans, places, characters, diagrams, concepts, designs, graphics, animations, sounds, musical compositions, choreographies and other performances, videos, audiovisual effects, user-friendly features and any other element of a game or Services. Any UGC created with such UBISOFT Content will be considered "Derived UGC" as defined below and will be governed by this Article 6.

6.3 With regard to this, you declare that you accept the fact that UBISOFT will be the sole owner of all rights relating to Derived UGC that you produce from pre-existing UBISOFT Content, as and when it is produced. By accepting these Terms, you agree to transfer irrevocably to UBISOFT, free of charge, all rights of use you may have over the UGC in question including but not limited to rights over trademark, patent, commercial secrets, copyright, neighbouring rights and rights of publicity therein, allowing UBISOFT to benefit freely from the following rights, listed only as an illustration and without limitation:

the right to reproduce, permanently or temporarily, by any means and in any form, on all known or as yet unknown media, and in particular:

the right to integrate the Derived UGC in whole or in part in all UBISOFT products and services, including but not limited to other online or offline games, movies, or other audio visual content;

the right to load and download, display, execute, transmit and/or store by any means, in any place and on any medium, the Derived UGC and all products incorporating all or part of the Derived UGC;

the right to arrange, correct, develop, translate, digitise, encode or otherwise modify the Derived UGC, and to reproduce the results of any one of these operations, by any means and on all existing or future media;

the right to make any copy of all or part of the Derived UGC and of all products incorporating all or part of the Derived UGC, including modified, translated or arranged versions, in a number of copies decided by UBISOFT, by any process and on all media (including but not limited to digital media, CDs, CD-ROMs, DVDs, game cartridges, mobile phones, PDAs, Internet, etc.);

the right to market, in return for payment or free of charge, and distribute (including renting out, selling and lending) all or part of the Derived UGC, including modified or arranged versions, and all products incorporating the Derived UGC, by any process and on any known or as yet unknown medium; and

the right to reproduce the Derived UGC by any means, in any form and on any medium, as necessary for the rights of use referred to below.

the right to represent and broadcast the Derived UGC in all places accessible to the public and in all private places, by any means or process and on any known or as yet unknown medium (and in particular terrestrial, satellite and cable broadcasting, optical fibre, pay-to-view or free television, computer transmission, Internet, ADSL, video platforms, web TV and video stream, streaming, MMDS TV, mobile phone TV and catch-up TV).

the right to use the Derived UGC in any way for commercial or non-commercial purposes of demonstration, promotion and advertising for all UBISOFT products and Services.

the right to make the Derived UGC or any product incorporating the Derived UGC available to the public as widely as possible, notably via a transfer, license or any type of contract, temporarily or definitively, in return for payment or free of charge, by all means known or unknown at the present time and in particular via Internet or any digital network, pay per view, pay per play or television broadcasting, and in general via all media and/or networks (particularly analogue or digital networks and media, telecommunication networks and media and computer networks and media).

the right to produce or order the production of any new product or service from the Derived UGC or from any product incorporating the Derived UGC, either reproduced as it stands or modified by UBISOFT or by any outside party of its choice.

the right to exploit the Derived UGC with products incorporating the Derived UGC, i.e. in particular:

the right to use and/or exploit all or part of the Derived UGC and of any product incorporating the Derived UGC in any form, with or without adaptation for use in the form of derivative "merchandising" products, in order in particular, as an example and without limitation: to publish or produce books and comic books, strategy guides and books based on the scenario and/or graphics of the games and/or Services, reviews, calendars, stationery articles, stickers, posters, office supplies, accessories for computers or game consoles, computer wallpapers, screen savers, figurines, games, toys in any materials, textiles, crockery, drawings, advertising materials (particularly by display of mail on the Internet), audible or visual reproduction and representation (particularly films, reports, documentaries, stage shows, theme parks, etc.), and all other objects which incorporate all or part of the Derived UGC in their substance or in their form, decoration, packaging or presentation;

the right to produce ‘sequels’, ‘prequels’, ‘add-ons’, ‘spin-offs’ and any conversions of any game or any other material incorporating the Derived UGC for any platform, in any language and in any form, as UBISOFT chooses; and

in general all prerogatives entailed by the author’s ownership of his work.

This transfer of rights is granted on a worldwide basis and for the period of protection of each Derived UGC by the applicable legislation.

UBISOFT, or any outside party to which the rights concerning the Derived UGC have been transferred in accordance with this Article, may file or register any application for intellectual property rights relating to the Derived UGC in its own name, for all countries in the world. The User undertakes to (i) sign and supply any necessary document requested by UBISOFT, or by the outside party to whom the rights have been transferred, for all registration purposes, and in particular to sign any request, deed of transfer or other document which might be necessary to allow UBISOFT or the outside party to whom the rights have been transferred to register and obtain patents, trademark, copyright, property rights, drawing registrations and any other form of protection relating to the Derived UGC and be recognized as the holder of all patrimonial rights and property rights relating to the Derived UGC and (ii) to provide all necessary assistance to UBISOFT or to the outside party to whom the rights have been transferred, at the expense of UBISOFT or the outside party concerned, in any action, procedure or step aimed at application of the clauses of this Article both inside and outside the United States.

6.4 In the event of a competent court ruling that all or some of the rights concerning the Derived UGC created by you cannot be validly transferred to UBISOFT as described above, you hereby grant to UBISOFT, free of charge, permanently or for the whole legal period of protection of the Derived UGC under intellectual property rights, an irrevocable and transferable right of use, reproduction, representation, modification, display, distribution and, in general, exploitation of this Derived UGC as stipulated in this Article 6, by any means, on all known or as yet unknown media, for all purposes (whether commercial or non-commercial) and on a worldwide basis, without your necessarily being mentioned as the source of this Derived UGC, given the technical or operational constraints.

6.5 Similarly, you grant free of charge to other Users of the Services and games concerned, permanently or for the whole legal period of protection of the Derived UGC under intellectual property rights, a non-exclusive irrevocable right to use the Derived UGC you have created and published, for the purposes of the products and services offered by UBISOFT, throughout the world and within the limits permitted by UBISOFT, and in particular to access, display, copy, adapt and modify said Derived UGC and create derivative works within the framework of the Services. This license will continue to apply after any partial termination of the license that UBISOFT grants to you to use the Services and or of these Terms.

You are authorised by UBISOFT to download a copy of the Content in question on one or more computer(s) or mobile device(s) and to print the pages, when applicable, provided that you:

keep intact all copyright and trademark indications and other property information;

do not copy except (expect the creation of a single copy for your own backup requirements) or create derivative documents based wholly or partially on the Content; and

do not use the Content in a manner which would suggest an association with one of UBISOFT’s products, services and/or brand names.

6.6 Your use of Derived UGC
UBISOFT hereby grants you a non-exclusive and non-transferable personal license, revocable at all times, to use the Derived UGC you have produced from UBISOFT’s Content throughout the world and for the duration of your use of the Services, in order to:

record it on your console, your computer, your mobile phone or any other medium you use to access the Services;

share it with your friends using the Services; and

load it on the Services and use it within the framework of the Services and/or on any other UBISOFT service or partner network, as allowed by UBISOFT.

The other users of the Services have also granted you a personal license, revocable at all times, non-exclusive and non-transferable, to use the Derived UGC they have produced within the framework of the Services and in accordance with these Terms. The terms of the license are specified in Article 6 below.

6.7 UGC you create independently from pre-existing UBISOFT content ("Original UGC")
By posting any Original UGC at the Services, you hereby grant UBISOFT a royalty-free, fully paid up, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sub-licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, combine with other works, create derivative works from including but not limited to merchandising products, distribute, perform, edit and display such Original UGC (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for any reason, including but not limited to, entertainment, information, advertising, promotion, and marketing of all UBISOFT Services or products, for commercial or advertising purposes (hereinafter referred to as the "UGC license.") It is agreed that the Original UGC license entails the granting of a license for all rights in the Original UGC including but not limited to trademark, patent, commercial secrets, copyright, neighbouring rights and rights of publicity. You specifically waive any "moral rights" in and to the Original UGC. The foregoing grants includes, without limitation, any copyrights, neighbouring rights and other intellectual property rights in and to your Original UGC. You represent and warrant that: you own the Original UGC posted by you on or through the Services or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this Article; and the posting of your Original UGC on or through the Services does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person by reason of any Original UGC you posted to or through the Services.

6.8 UGC featuring your image
If UGC that you create and publish reproduces your image, you acknowledge that UBISOFT has a right to use your image as part of the Services throughout the world and for the whole duration of the Services concerned. You agree to UGC reproducing your image being used by UBISOFT as set out in Articles 6.2 and 6.7. If the UGC you publish on the Services features the image of any person other than yourself, you warrant that you have received the permission of the relevant person for the use of his/her image by UBISOFT in accordance with the terms of this Article 6, and you indemnify UBISOFT for any losses which UBISOFT may incur in the event of a well-founded complaint, action or claim by any third party concerning the use by UBISOFT of a third party’s image, derived from UGC that you create and/or publish.

6.9 In all cases:

We do not grant you a licence to use UGC for commercial purposes;

the ability to create UGC is part of the Service we offer and does not entitle you to any payment, including when the UGC is made available to other Users of the Services;

you warrant to UBISOFT that all Content (whether UGC or otherwise) that you create and/or publish while using the Services does not infringe the rights of any third party and in particular does not constitute an infringement of Intellectual Property Rights or an act of unfair competition, including when the Content is used by UBISOFT in the course of supplying the Services;

you warrant that you are personally responsible for all Content that you create, use and/or publish while using the Services and you agree to defend, indemnify and keep indemnified UBISOFT, its including its licensors, licensees, sub-licensees, assignees and successors in title and their respective employees, managers or directors in title from and against any claim or alleged claim, suit or proceeding brought against UBISOFT and/or its Affiliates, relating to the use or publication of content that you create, use and/or publish while using the Services. In such instances, UBISOFT reserves the right to conduct its own defense at its own expense and retain exclusive control over any action which might give rise to compensation on your part. You agree, in such cases, to collaborate fully with UBISOFT on request in defense of its interests;

For the avoidance of doubt, unless and until such Content is removed by UBISOFT, UGC which you have published in relation to the Services will be associated with your username and will be made available to Users of the Service; and

you waive absolutely your moral rights in all Content (whether UGC or otherwise) you create or publish arising under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 and, so far as is legally possible, any broadly equivalent rights you may have in any territory of the world, and

you vouch for the obtaining of the same agreement from any other person who might invoke moral rights over the UGC.

you acknowledge and agree UBISOFT may preserve any UGC and may also disclose UGC if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: comply with legal process; enforce these Terms; respond to claims that any UGC violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of UBISOFT, its users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Services, including your UGC, may involve: transmissions over various networks; and changes to confirm and adapt to technical requirements connecting networks or devices. UBISOFT may store UGC indefinitely. However, UBISOFT has no obligation to store UGC or make it available to you in the future.

To the extent permitted by the applicable law and if any moral rights or other similar rights (hereinafter referred to as "Moral rights") in and over the UGC exist and are not the exclusive property of UBISOFT, you agree not to invoke your moral rights over the UGC against UBISOFT or its Affiliates and other authorised Users and you vouch for the obtaining of the same agreement from any other person who might invoke moral rights over the UGC.

7. REPORTING OF UNLAWFUL CONTENT
7.1 If you consider that any Content made available on the Services does not comply with these Terms (including the rules of conduct or conduct standards set out in Articles 3.2 and 3.3), you may report this to UBISOFT by using the "Report" option available in each Service or by sending an e-mail to the following email address indicating the information listed below.

emea-email-support@ubisoft.com

7.2 To assist us in quickly responding to your report, it helps us to include as much as possible of the following:

the date of your report;

your surname, first name, date and place of birth, address, and a way of contacting you such as a telephone number or e-mail address;

identification and description of the Content which is, in your opinion, contrary to these Terms, indicating its precise location;

an indication of the reasons why you believe that this Content does not comply with these Terms and should be removed from the Services, citing the Article of these Terms or the legal provision along with proof where possible;

when reporting a copyright infringement, identify the work protected by the copyright of which you wish to report the infringement and provide all necessary information showing the existence of this copyright and demonstrating that you are authorised to intervene on behalf of the copyright holder; and

a declaration specifying that you believe that all the information in the report is correct.

7.3 After receipt of a report, UBISOFT reserves the right to act as it deems appropriate, at its sole discretion.

7.4 UBISOFT reserves the right to ask you to cease to use any Content which it believes to be contrary to the provisions of the Terms and/or delete or deactivate the Content in question.

If UBISOFT deletes or deactivates any Content that you have published which is considered to be contrary to these Terms, UBISOFT reserves the right to terminate these Terms and/or to suspend or delete your Account, in accordance with Article 14 below.

8. TECHNICAL PROTECTIVE MEASURES – DIGITAL RIGHTS MANAGEMENT
8.1 Certain Services may be protected by technical protection measures and digital rights management, in particular, and without limitation, physical protection, tattooing (watermarking), digital keys and online activation.

8.2 A high speed internet connection and the creation of an Account are necessary to access online functions and to play on-line, and to access some Content including exclusive Content which may be unlocked once only with a unique key.

8.3 For certain games and/or Services incorporating Digital Rights Management technology, a permanent high speed internet connection and the creation of an Account may be necessary to play such game(s) or access such Service(s) at any time.

9. CREDITS, SUBSCRIPTIONS AND UBISOFT POINTS
Within certain Services, UBISOFT may offer You the possibility of ordering certain subscriptions, in-game virtual currency or additional content such as in-game items, customization elements, maps, building accelerations, avatars which, once added to Your Account, can be used to maximize Your experience within the game or within the application. You will need to have an Account to be able to purchase and use such subscriptions, in-game virtual currency or additional content. In such event, the Terms of Sale accessible on the Service’s page or on legal.ubi.com will apply and shall be integrated to these Terms.

Additionally, we may offer a system enabling you to obtain points if you use Services, if you download Additional Content (as defined below) or if you participate in certain games and activities proposed by the Services (the "Points System"). You may exchange these points for additional content which we offer under the Points System. We reserve the right to modify the Terms or eliminate any or all of the Points Systems at any time entirely at its own discretion, under the terms specified in Article 17 below.

10. MERCHANT SERVICES (UBISHOP)
UBISOFT’s shop enables you to purchase a UBISOFT product via its online store on http://shop.ubi.com. Specific terms for the purchase may apply and can be found of the UBISHOP website.

11. FORUMS AND DISCUSSION AREAS PROVIDED BY THE SERVICES
The Services may contain forums, information groups or other types of online discussion areas (collectively known as "Forums") which are not moderated or which are moderated after the event, with the result that your messages are not checked before being displayed on UBISOFT’s websites.

When you use these Services, you should be aware that your username and your messages will be public and viewable by any User who visits the Services. You send your messages at your own risk. You have sole responsibility for their submission, publication and dissemination.

You must comply with all the rules of conduct and Content standards set out in Article 3 of these Terms, and furthermore you undertake not to:

restrict or prevent use of the Forum by any other User of the Services;

place on line or reveal via the Services any real personal information concerning a User;

place on line or reveal information which is not generally related to the designated topic or theme of the public Forum in question;

place on line or reveal information which is inappropriate or disrespectful of the usual or targeted Users of the Forum; or

harass or disparage other users on the Forum by way of private or public messages.

UBISOFT reserves the right to contact you to obtain further information on the messages you have disseminated, in particular to check that you are entitled to disseminate them and/or that you are the owner of the elements (text, words, images, sounds, videos, etc.) which they contain.

In all cases, UBISOFT is not responsible for and does not endorse the opinions, advice and/or recommendations displayed or sent by Users on the Services, notably in any public Forum, and declines any responsibility in this regard.

12. COMPETITIONS, LOTTERIES AND LOYALTY PROGRAMS
Periodically, UBISOFT and/or its partners organise competitions, games, free prize draws and promotions on the Services. These will be subject to particular terms which we shall communicate to you at the time of these promotions.

Additionally, UBISOFT may feature certain loyalty programs and/or periodical promotions on its merchant Services for which separate terms apply. Please review these additional terms on the Merchant Services and review them carefully

13. ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION OF PRODUCTS
Entirely at its own discretion, and subject only to its editorial policy for each Service, UBISOFT may display certain third party products and/or services by inserting promotional links, advertising banners or any other advertising and promotional element, and may also carry out cross-marketing operations with any partner of its choice.

UBISOFT is not responsible for the third party products or services so displayed.

14. BETA TESTS
UBISOFT may, entirely at its own discretion, contact you to propose that you test, evaluate or comment on one or more games and Services, game elements and/or downloadable Content before they are marketed or launched, in order to identify bugs and errors in the programs and/or improve their functioning ("Beta Tests").

If you agree to test the games and Services, UBISOFT reserves the rights to ask You to sign a confidentiality agreement for each Beta Test and return it to UBISOFT before you are accredited and the software is supplied to you or made accessible.

Upon receipt of the signed confidentiality agreement, UBISOFT may then provide you with a beta version of a game or games, Content, Services and related documentation and/or any other information associated therewith, and, if applicable, authorisations to access UBISOFT’s websites (collectively known as the "Test Contents") for the sole purpose of allowing you to test, evaluate and/or comment on the game(s).

You must perform the Beta Test personally and allow no one else to have access to the Test Contents. Beta test accounts may in no case be transferred. You will be asked to inform UBISOFT (and only UBISOFT) of your reactions and suggestions following your experience of the Test Contents in the Beta Test. All comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, criticisms and other data (collectively referred to as the "Comments") passed on, disclosed or offered to UBISOFT in the course of the Beta Tests, or more generally in the course of use of the Services, will be the exclusive property of UBISOFT. You therefore undertake not to exploit or publish your Comments or make them accessible by any means or process to any outside party other than UBISOFT. You acknowledge that, unless prohibited from doing so under the applicable legislation, UBISOFT may use, sell, promote and exploit the Comments in any way, without restriction and without compensation to you.

You agree and accept that the Test Contents which are supplied to you are highly confidential and/or exclusive information belonging to UBISOFT.

UBISOFT may protect certain Test Contents by incorporating technical protection measures in them to prevent any unlawful reproduction or modification of the Test Contents. In particular, each Test Content is addressed to you by name and UBISOFT may use digital tattooing ("watermarking") processes to identify any violation of these provisions concerning Beta Tests.

Beta versions of games and more generally any Test Contents are supplied to you "as is" and "according to availability" without any explicit or implicit guarantee of any kind. You play on a beta version at your own risk. You accept that (i) the Test Contents may include known or unknown bugs and that (ii) the games and/or other Test Contents may be available only on subscription once the beta phase is completed or at any other time subsequently. You acknowledge that UBISOFT is not obliged to allow you to play free of charge for any period, nor even to authorise you to access these Test Contents. You also accept that all your data, particularly any bonuses, points, Credits, states of progress and statuses attained in the course of the game may be erased and/or reset at any time. In this case, your progress and your data will be erased and you will return to the initial status.

You agree that violation of your obligations under this section would cause UBISOFT irreparable damage and that UBISOFT would be entitled to take any action to prevent any breach or risk of a breach of your obligations or to obtain compensation for the damage it has incurred, without prejudice to the right to terminate your Account in accordance with section 16 below

At the end of the Beta Test period, or at any time when UBISOFT asks you to do so, you undertake to return immediately all Test Contents received from UBISOFT.

Nothing in these Terms may be interpreted as giving you any right or privilege regarding the Test Contents. All of the Terms apply to the use you make of the games during the beta test phase.

15. LIABILITY, INDEMNITY AND COMPENSATION
15.1 Limitation & Exclusion of Liability

You expressly acknowledge that use of the Services and games is at your own risk.

The Services are supplied "as is", without any guarantees, conditions, warranties or other terms as to:

their conformity, accuracy, currentness, completeness, reliability or security;

their suitability for a particular use;

their market value;

the absence of interruptions or errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements, or that errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements will be corrected; and/or

your satisfaction.

In particular, UBISOFT does not exhaustively check Content, in particular UGC (as defined in Article 6), or the words that you or other users publish via the services, including without limitation on the Forums, or your actions within the framework of the Services.

We hereby expressly exclude: all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and any liability for loss or damage suffered in connection with the use of the Services or any related third party service. This includes: all losses of any kind, whether in tort (including for negligence or breach of statutory duty), contract, misrepresentation (whether innocent or negligent) or otherwise; direct loss; accidental loss, incidental loss; consequential loss; and indirect loss.

Nothing above prevents claims for damage to your tangible property.

Your sole remedy in the event of a dispute with UBISOFT or its licensors is to:

cease to use the Services and terminate your Account; and

if applicable, seek damages for your losses.

UBISOFT’s liability is limited to the replacement of fee-based Content which are recognized by UBISOFT as being unusable following analysis of your claim, with equivalent Content chosen by UBISOFT.

In any event, the full liability of UBISOFT, including its Affiliates to you may not exceed the price you have paid for the Services during the twelve (12) months prior to the occurrence of the dispute.

Nothing above affects our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

IF YOU ARE AN AUSTRALIAN CONSUMER:

15.1 Limitation & Exclusion of Liability

You expressly acknowledge that use of the Services and games is at your own risk.

Nothing in these Terms restricts, excludes or modifies, or purports to restrict, exclude or modify and statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Australian Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth). To the extent permitted by law, the Services are supplied "as is", without any conditions, warranties or other terms as to:

their market value;

the absence of interruptions or errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements, or that errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements will be corrected; and/or

your satisfaction.

In particular, UBISOFT does not exhaustively check Content, in particular UGC (as defined in Article 6), or the words that you or other users publish via the services, including without limitation on the Forums, or your actions within the framework of the Services.

To the extent permitted by law, and subject to the terms of this Article, we hereby expressly exclude:

all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and

any liability for loss or damage suffered in connection with the use of the Services or any related third party service. This includes:

all losses of any kind, whether in tort (including for negligence or breach of statutory duty), contract, misrepresentation (whether innocent or negligent) or otherwise;

direct loss;

accidental loss,

incidental loss;

consequential loss; and

indirect loss.

Nothing above prevents claims for damage to your tangible property.

Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian consumer law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.

Subject to applicable laws and the terms of this Article, your sole remedy in the event of a dispute with UBISOFT or its licensors is to:

cease to use the Services and terminate your Account; and

if applicable, seek damages for your losses.

UBISOFT’s liability is limited to the replacement of fee-based Content which are recognised by UBISOFT as being unusable following analysis of your claim, with equivalent Content chosen by UBISOFT.

In any event, subject to applicable laws, the full liability of UBISOFT, including its affiliates to you may not exceed the price you have paid for the Services during the twelve (12) months prior to the occurrence of the dispute.

Nothing above affects our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

15.2 Indemnity & Compensation

You agree to defend, indemnify and keep indemnified UBISOFT and its affiliates, their subcontractors and Content suppliers against any claim or alleged claim, all liabilities and damages and all costs, including lawyers’ fees, following and/or resulting from a violation of these Terms for which you are responsible, or related to your behaviour on the Services.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree to defend, indemnify and keep indemnified UBISOFT and its affiliates in the event of inappropriate or illegal use of your Account, including in the event of illegal or inappropriate use by someone you have authorised to use your Account. You agree to be held personally responsible for your use of the Services and for all your communications and activities on the Services

UBISOFT reserves the right to take sole conduct, at its own expense, of any claim which you have indemnified UBISOFT in relation to.

15.3 The provisions of this Article 15 remain valid and in force after termination of these Terms or of your Account.

16. TERMINATION
16.1 We reserve the right to terminate all or part of the Services at any time, without prior notice.

16.2 Termination of the Account or Services at UBISOFT’s initiative

We may suspend or close your Account and your ability to use one or more Services or part of the Services, at any time, automatically and at our sole discretion where: we have sent by e-mail or by post a formal request to provide us proof of your credentials or to cease an action, behaviour, or breach of these Terms; it is confirmed or We have reasonable grounds for believing that: you do not comply with these Terms or any special condition relating to a particular Service or Services; you are in breach of your legal or contractual obligations; your Account has been inactive for more than six months and you do not have access to pay functions; you use, create, share, circulate unauthorized third party programs interacting with one Service; or for any other reason in relation to your use or actions in relation to the Services.

If you have more than one Account, we reserve the right to suspend or close all the Accounts you have opened once one has been suspended or closed under this process.

In the event of a breach of your legal or contractual obligations, we reserve the right to take legal action on grounds of civil or criminal responsibility in order to stop the breach and obtain compensation for our losses. In particular, and without limitation, we reserve the right to prosecute any User who was deliberately damaged or attempted to damage the Services or disrupted the legitimate functioning of the Services or provided assistance for so doing.

16.3 Termination of the Account and/or a subscription on your initiative.

You may terminate your Account to a particular Service or Services at any time by filling the form located at : http://support.ubi.com.

If you do not accept these Terms, you may not use the Services and you must send UBISOFT a request to terminate your Account and/or the corresponding subscriptions.

Note that there will be no total or partial refund for sums already paid for the current subscription period if you decide to end your subscription.

UBISOFT reserves the right to recover the costs, supplements and charges incurred before the termination of your Account or of a subscription to a particular Service or Services. In addition, it is up to you to pay all sums owed to other sellers of suppliers of Contents before the termination of your Account. All arrears or unpaid costs and other unresolved problems with the Services must be settled before any opening of a new Account.

Subject to compliance with the termination procedure indicated above, the termination of your Account and/or your subscription will come into force within a reasonable period of time after receipt of your letter by UBISOFT’s customer service department.

16.4 Consequences of Termination of the Account.

In the event of termination or suspension of your Account, you will lose, and UBISOFT may delete, your profile and the related information you have passed on to UBISOFT, together with any Content (including without limitation UGC) you may have published, uploaded or made available on the Services, notably, without limitation, your username and avatar(s).

UBISOFT reserves the right to store personal data relating to your profile for a reasonable period of time.

In the event of termination of your Account, you must immediately cease all use of the Services and destroy any related documentation on any medium.

In the event of termination of your Account, you will not be able to participate in the Services which require an Account again without UBISOFT’s express permission. To benefit from the Services again, contact emea-email-support@ubisoft.com.

In the event of termination of your Account or of a Service or Services associated with your Account, no credit (such as for unused Services or unused points or Credits) will be credited to you or converted into cash or any other form of reimbursement and you will no longer have access to your Account or to any right associated with your Account or the Service(s) in question (such as points, Credits, tokens or virtual objects).

17. UPDATING OF SERVICES AND TERMS
17.1 Modification of Terms

We may revise these Terms at any time for security, legal, best practice or regulatory reasons.

We will not use this right to make substantial changes to the Terms to your detriment without giving you a chance to agree.

We will inform you of any revision of these Terms by posting, on the website of the relevant Service, a notification of the revision. Any revision will come into force five (5) days after the posting of the notification. If you do not agree to the changes made to these Terms, you may terminate your Account as set out in Article 14.

You are expected to check for revisions to the Terms regularly as they are binding on you. Any use of the Services subsequent to revised Terms coming into force implies acceptance of the revised Terms.

17.2 Modification of Prices and modification of Services

UBISOFT reserves the right to (i) modify the prices of the Services indicated on the websites of the Services concerned and (ii) modify a Service from a paid Service to a free to play Service. The new price applies only to orders placed after the new price (if any) has come into effect.

During your subscription, UBISOFT reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to change the price of subscriptions to our Services and/or remove the price of subscriptions to its games and Services. In this case, in addition to any other notifications UBISOFT may choose in its sole discretion, UBISOFT will indicate these modifications on the websites of the Services concerned before the change of price. The modification will come into effect only in relation to new subscription renewals.

If you do not accept this price change, you may cancel your subscription or your Account in accordance with the procedure defined in Article 16 of the Terms. Note that this cancellation must be carried out before the renewal (whether requested or tacit) of your subscription. Renewal of your subscription implies acceptance of the modified price.

17.3 Modification of Access to Services and Content

UBISOFT may modify the Content for any reason or without any specific reason, at any time, in particular for technical reasons such as updates, maintenance operations and/or resets to improve and/or optimize the Services.

Such modifications are liable to affect the Services and/or your acquired rights or result in setbacks in the game environment. The products updated or modified in accordance with this Article are subject to the limits of liability set out in Article 15 above.

17.4 Supplementary Contents

During your subscription to certain Services, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to make supplementary Content available to all subscribers in the form of updates.

Such supplementary Content is distinct from extensions to Services which are distributed and/or sold separately from the original Service and purchase of the original Service gives no automatic entitlement to the extension.

18. CONFIDENTIALITY AND COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Your privacy is very important to us and we will not reveal your personal data to third parties except when expressly authorised by you to do so or in special circumstances.

For further information concerning our use of personal data, please read our Privacy Policy carefully. Our Privacy Policy forms a part of these Terms and so may be revised as set out in Article 17. You may at any time consult our Privacy Policy on legal.ubi.com.

19. HEALTH OF VIDEO GAME USERS
19.1 We advise you to take the following precautions in all cases when using the Services, and in particular video games.

You should:

avoid playing if you are tired and/or short of sleep;

make sure that you play in a well lit room and adjust the brightness of your screen;

when you play a video game requiring connection to a screen, play at a good distance from the screen and as far away as the connection lead allows; and

take breaks of ten (10) to fifteen (15) minutes every hour.

19.2 Epilepsy Warning:

Some individuals are liable to have epileptic fits including, in certain cases, loss of consciousness, particularly when exposed to strong luminous stimulations (rapid succession of images or repetition of simple geometrical figures, flashes or exposures). Such individuals are exposed to risks of fits when they play certain video games containing such luminous stimulations and should consult their doctor before any use of the Services.

Parents and legal guardians must also pay particularly close attention to their children when they play video games. If you or your child present any of the following symptoms: dizziness, vision problems, contraction of the eyes or muscles, disorientation, involuntary movement or convulsions or momentary loss of consciousness, you or they must immediately stop playing and consult a doctor.

20. SOFTWARE, UTILITIES AND TOOLS
20.1 The Services are optimized for a screen resolution of 1024 x 768 pixels. UBISOFT reserves the right to optimize any one of its Services for any other resolution and/or browser.

20.2 The Services may ask you or enable you to download software, updates, patches and/or other utilities and tools supplied by UBISOFT or its licensors (referred to as the "UBISOFT Software") onto your computer or any other medium authorised by UBISOFT. UBISOFT grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license enabling you to use this UBISOFT Software solely for the purposes of use of the Services, throughout the world and for the legal period of protection of the UBISOFT Software under Intellectual Property Rights. UBISOFT may specify terms of use for this UBISOFT Software at the time at which it is made available to you.

20.3 Computer software and peripherals are not compatible with all computer platforms and media and the performances of the UBISOFT Software and the related Services may vary depending on your computer and other equipment.

20.4 UBISOFT may from time to time supply you with updates or modifications of the UBISOFT Software. Updates and modifications may be necessary in order to be able to continue to use the UBISOFT Software and the Services.

20.5 Your web browser may be configured to prevent the display of pop-up windows. Certain Content is displayed in pop-up windows. To optimize use of the Service, make sure you deactivate any pop-up window blocking function.

20.6 The Terms of Use of the console manufacturers continue to apply in their entirety and govern your behavior when you access the Services via the console manufacturers services. In the event of a conflict between the terms of use of these console manufacturers and these Terms, the former terms of use take precedence. UBISOFT may not be held responsible for the console manufacturers services. UBISOFT is responsible only for supplying customer assistance and invoicing the services obtained via the Services.

21. SPECIFIC TERMS FOR COMPATIBLE MOBILE TERMINALS
21.1 The expression "Compatible Mobile Terminal" designates any portable device capable of connecting to the Internet to access the Services. The term Compatible Mobile Terminals covers in mobile devices such as, but not limited to, phones, smartphones, tablets and their derivatives

21.2 Access to Mobile Services.UBISOFT allows its Users to access certain Services via their Compatible Mobile Terminal ("Mobile Services").To access the Mobile Services from your Compatible Mobile Terminal you must (i) have a Compatible Mobile Terminal, (ii) have the permission of the person who pays the bill for said Compatible Mobile Terminal(iii) be provided with Internet access via your Compatible Mobile Terminal.

21.3 Mobile Service access costs. The use of a Compatible Mobile Terminal will lead in particular to connection costs for which UBISOFT shall not be held responsible. UBISOFT may charge You fees to access any Mobile Services in whole or in part, including in-game purchase and any micro-transactions.

21.4 Quality of Mobile Services. When the User connects to the Mobile Services, UBISOFT cannot guarantee User comfort equal to that experienced when connecting to the Services via a computer or game console, particularly as regards display quality, response time or access to certain functions such as listening to music or viewing videos. You acknowledge that the user comfort of the Mobile Services depends on the capacities, Services, the quality display, the response time or access to certain functions of your Compatible Mobile Terminal and the capacities of the electronic communication network you use, and UBISOFT may in no case be held responsible for reduced user comfort on Mobile Services.

Downloading, installing and use of certain Mobile Services supplied via your Compatible Mobile Terminal may be prohibited or restricted by your Internet service provider, and it is possible that the Mobile Services will not all function with all network service providers or devices. You must contact your Internet service provider to find out whether the Mobile Services are available for your device and what restrictions, if any, may apply to the use of said Services for mobile devices.

22. MISCELLANEOUS
22.1 Titles and Headings

Headings in these Terms are intended solely to facilitate reading and understanding and shall not affect the interpretation of these Terms.

22.2 Severance

If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these Terms (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision shall, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms shall not be affected.

If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision of these Terms would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it were deleted, the provision shall apply with the minimum modification necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable to reflect UBISOFT’s initial intentions.

22.3 No Waiver

No failure or delay by UBISOFT to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.

Waiver of a right or remedy may be considered to have taken place only after signing of a written statement to this effect by UBISOFT or by the User.

22.4 Entire Agreement.

In entering into these Terms (including UBISOFT’s Privacy Policy available on legal.ubi.com), neither party has relied upon and does not rely on any statement, representation (whether innocent or negligent), assurance or warranty ("Representation") (whether in writing or not) of any person (whether party to this agreement or not) other than as expressly set out in these Terms.

Each party agrees that the only rights and remedies available to it arising out of or in connection with a Representation shall be for breach of contract.

These Terms (including UBISOFT’s Privacy Policy available on legal.ubi.com) and all rules or instructions published on line concerning a game, an activity, a competition or lottery or a merchant service in particular contain the entire agreement between UBISOFT and you with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede and cancel any and all prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings, negotiations and agreements.

You should add this page to your browser bookmarks and consult this site regularly to find out about any updates to the Terms.

Nothing in this Article shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.

22.5 Law and Jurisdiction

To the extent permitted by applicable law, these Terms and your Account and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. You irrevocably agree that the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with the Terms or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).

22.6 Force majeure

UBISOFT shall have no liability under these Terms if it is prevented from, or delayed in, performing its obligations or from carrying on its business by acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving the workforce of UBISOFT or any other party), failure of a utility service or transport or telecommunications network, act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm or default of suppliers or sub-contractors

22.7 Contacts

These Terms can be accessed at any time at https://legal.ubi.com

For any question concerning these Terms, you may contact UBISOFT at the following address: emea-email-support@ubisoft.com

THESE TERMS ARE APPLICABLE ONLY TO THE EXTENT AUTHORISED BY LAW.

ANY USE OF THE SERVICES IMPLIES UNRESERVED APPROVAL OF THESE TERMS AND UBISOFT’S PRIVACY POLICY.

VeryChic SAS
Terms and Conditions
BACKGROUND
The touristic services offered by the website www.VERYCHIC.com, are sold by the company VERYCHIC, SAS (hereinafter referred to as “VERYCHIC”), with a capital of €250,000, and chaired by Nicolas Clair. VERYCHIC is registered with the RCS (companies register) of Paris under no. 534 393 368, with its registered office located at 23 Rue d'Anjou 75008, Paris, France, and with the following intra-Community VAT number: FR 06 534393368. The Company may be contacted on the following number: + 33 1 70 95 85 85.
VERYCHIC is registered as a travel agency in France with the Registre des Opérateurs de Voyage et de Séjours, under no. IM075130027. The financial guarantee meant to guarantee without limitations the funds received pursuant to Articles L. 211-18 and R. 211-26 to R. 211-34 of the Code du Tourisme (Tourism Code), is provided by the Association Professionnelle de Solidarité du Tourisme (APST), 15 Avenue Carnot (75017 - Paris).
The professional civil indemnity of VERYCHIC is assured in the conditions provided in the Code du Tourisme (Tourism Code) by the company Allianz IARD, Immeuble Elysées La Défense - 7 Piazza Duomo - TSA 21017-92099 La Défense Cedex, for an amount of €1,600,000 under contract no. 186 231 527.
The terms and conditions that follow, define conditions for the purchase of travel services, via the Internet and by telephone, and also the conditions of access and use of the Site by Clients.
They are brought to the attention of the Client before any commitment on his/her part and constitute a part of the information referred to prior in Article R.211-4 of the Code du Tourisme (Tourism Code), in addition to listings of services.
ARTICLE 1 – DEFINITIONS
The following capitalised terms used throughout these Terms and Conditions have the following meanings given to them (whether used in the singular or plural).
"Article": designates an article of Terms & Conditions.
“Booking”: refers to any booking of an Offer by a Customer on the Site.
"Customer” or “Client": any natural or legal person using the Site to reserve or purchase an Offer, and any ultimate beneficiary of an Offer reserved via the Site.
“Customer Service”: an email and telephone service for any and all queries, open Monday to Friday from 9am to 8pm (UCT), and Saturday, Sunday and public holidays from 10am to 8pm (UCT) on one of the following numbers:
France 0826 10 82 82 (from France)
UK +442033265476
Spain +34911366109
For after-sale and claims calls, from France and all other countries, VERYCHIC provides the following number with no additional costs + 33 1 70 95 85 85.
“Data Controller”: a natural or legal person, public authority, service or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of data treatment.
“Data Processor”: a natural or legal person, public authority, service or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the Data Controller.
"Data Recipient": the natural or legal person, public authority, service or any other body which receives personal data, whether from a third party or not.
“Description”: refers to the elements which describe an Offer/Service offered on the Site, notably the text and images.
“Force Majeure": refers to all external, unpredictable events beyond our reasonable control which may cause disruption, or non-availability of contracted Services, including, but not limited to, severe epidemics, armed conflicts, fires, storms, floods and other natural disasters.
“Member”: a natural person who registers on the Site, https://www.VERYCHIC.com, by providing an e-mail and a password, in order to access VERYCHIC's private Offers.
"Offer": refers to tourist Services available for purchase on the Site, notably accommodation and other additional Services/benefits/options (such as perks, transfers, board options).
"Partner": refers to any VERYCHIC partner establishment or service provider, notably, hotels, residences, restaurants, airlines, tour operators, travel agencies, managers of seasonal rentals, estate agencies, theme parks, and insurance companies.
“Personal Data”: all information relating to an identified natural person or identifiable natural person (a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, notably by reference to an identifier, such as: a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more specific physical, physiological, genetic, psychic, economic, cultural or social identifying elements).
“Profiling”: any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of such personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular, to analyse or predict personal aspects relating to job performance, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
“Processing”: any operation or set of operations carried out, whether aided by automated processing or not, and applied to personal data or sets of personal data, such as collection, registration, organisation, structuring, preservation, adaptation or modification, extraction, consultation, use, communication by transmission, dissemination or any other form of provision, reconciliation or interconnection, limitation, deletion or destruction.
"Service": refers to all booking and ancillary services provided by VERYCHIC, to its Customers.
"Site": refers collectively to website www.verychic.com, mobile website m2.verychic.com, club-VERYCHIC.com, applications, and all other media operated by the Company (or any URL that could be substituted for or constitute an alias), as well as the Customer Service provided. “Terms and Conditions”: refer to these terms and conditions which govern the relationship between a Customer and the Company in connection with the purchase of travel Services and use of the Site.
“User”: a natural person who navigates any of the VERYCHIC Sites to consult Offers but who does not buy any Services and is not a Member.
"VERYCHIC" or "Company": refers to the company VeryChic SAS, a simplified joint-stock company incorporated under French law with a capital of €250,000, headquartered at 23, rue d'Anjou, Paris, 75008, France, and registered with the RCS of Paris under no. 534 393 368.
“Voucher”: a document issued by VERYCHIC enabling delivery of Services in one of VERYCHIC’s Partner establishments.
ARTICLE 2 – APPLICATION OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These terms and conditions which govern the relationship between VERYCHIC and its Customers are current as of the 16th July 2018 and supersede all previous versions. VERYCHIC reserves the right to make modifications at any time, with any changes taking effect at the instance of publication on the Site.
It is imperative for all Customers to read the entirety of these Terms and Conditions before confirming any Bookings, and it is also recommended to download and/or print a copy. The Terms and Conditions which apply to the Customer will be the conditions that take effect at the moment a Booking is made and validated on the Site.
The full and unconditional acceptance by the Customer of these Terms and Conditions, shall be deemed given once they have checked the box "I have read and accept the Terms and Conditions of the sale" on the Site. Acceptance by the Customer of these Terms and Conditions, includes all of their provisions and applies to all the beneficiaries of the Offer. In the case of a Booking being made by telephone, VERYCHIC will inform the Customer of the existence of the Terms and Conditions, and where to find them on the Site. Payment by the Customer for a Booking and reception of a confirmation email means automatic acceptance of the Terms and Conditions. Lastly, VERYCHIC will recommend that the Customer carefully review the confirmation of the Booking which will be sent by email, to ensure that it is consistent with their travel plan.
The VERYCHIC Terms and Conditions may be supplemented by additional conditions specific to a particular Offer, which will appear in the Description of the Offer on the Site.
ARTICLE 3 – CONDITIONS OF USE AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE
CUSTOMER
The Service is reserved for adult Customers (aged 18 and over). VERYCHIC does not accept registrations, and provide Services, for minors who are not accompanied by a legal adult (with regard to legislation in respective country). Therefore, VeryChic cannot be held liable for not providing Services, if an unaccompanied minor unknowingly registers and makes a Booking.
Such action would be considered the fault of the Client, freeing VERYCHIC from responsibility.
The Customer accepts that use of the Site means acceptance of the Terms and Conditions in his/her name and/or in the name of and on behalf of any other beneficiary of an Offer, for whom the Customer expressly acknowledges to represent. The Terms and Conditions are binding to the Customer and any ultimate beneficiary of an Offer.
Customers must have a valid e-mail address and should ensure proper reception of their emails.
If any false data is entered in any step of the booking process, the Company will not be held liable, any errors or negligence on the part of the Customer are not attributable to the Company.
The acceptance of the Terms and Conditions implicates an acceptance of the use of electronic media as a means of communication and conclusion of the contract between the Customer and the Company. The Customer therefore has the responsibility to regularly consult his/her own email inbox.
Any use of the Site that is either fraudulent or contrary to these Terms and Conditions, would justify the refusal of access to Services, at any time.
Except in cases of fraud, in which proof must be given, the Customer is financially responsible for his/her actions on the Site, notably any use made under their username and password. The Customer also guarantees the truthfulness and accuracy of the information provided on the Site. Customers with a medical condition or disability should inform VERYCHIC preferably before confirming a Booking, or otherwise in writing at the time of Booking. VERYCHIC will try it’s best to provide assistance and any appropriate information, and take appropriate measures wherever possible, however, ultimate responsibility and care for the condition or disability falls on the Customer alone.
ARTICLE 4 – CONTRACT FORMATION AND BOOKING SERVICES
The booking service is available on the Site and by telephone on the Customer Service numbers indicated in Article 1 of these Terms and Conditions, and after confirming the Terms and Conditions.
4.1 Steps for Reservation
4.1.1 Becoming a Member and gaining access to private Offers Booking Services are provided through the means private sales, exclusively available to Members. A User must first register on the site by signing up and providing a valid email address and a password.
The username and password, as confirmed via an email sent from the Company, will allow the User to become a Member and access Services and the proposed Offers. Offers are limited in time and duration as is individually specified on the Site. After this period, the Offer is no longer valid.
4.1.2 Booking an Offer
In order to book an Offer, the Member must sign into the Site or call the Customer Service on one of the numbers provided in Article 1 of these Terms and Conditions.
1) Connection to one of the VERYCHIC platforms, the Member must:
- Browse the homepage, search using the search bar, select departure dates or applying a filter to find one or a selection of Offers that correspond to the desired criteria;
- Click on the desired Offer in order to review its Description;
- Fill in the required information, i.e. dates of departure and arrival (subject to the displayed availability), number of rooms and people, room category (subject to availability shown) and any other fields requested by the Site;
- Review the subsequent summary of their order, which gives details of the selected Services, the retail price and the total price, including tax. Then make any changes if desired;
- If deciding to continue with the Booking, enter the required personal details, of which they guarantee accuracy. During this step, an informative summary remains displayed on the reservation page containing the following essential elements of information:
o Name and details of the Customer;
o Name of the beneficiary of Services;
o The main characteristics of the Offer/Booking;
o The details of VERYCHIC (corporate name, geographical address and telephone number + mail);
o The total price of the Offer including taxes and, if applicable, all other charges and additional costs, or where these costs cannot be reasonably calculated before the conclusion of the contract, an indication of the type of additional costs that the Customer may still have to bear;
o The Payment terms;
o Any important general information regarding administrative formalities such as passport and visa requirements, or health concerns in the destination country.
o Any information on optional insurance covering costs of cancellation by the Customer and/or repatriation in the case of accident, illness or death.
- Verify and ensure the accuracy of their personal details as they will no longer be able to make modifications after confirming the Booking;
- Confirm by checking the box provided, and before completion of the Booking, that they have read and understand the entirety of the information regarding traveller’s rights available on the home page of www.VERYCHIC.com;
- Confirm that they have read, understand and accept the Terms and Conditions, before completion of the Booking, by checking the box provided;
- Pay the fees and the deposit required to confirm the Booking, either online or by telephone, following the methods described in Article 6 of these Terms and Conditions, it being understood that by making a valid payment, they definitively agree to the Booking and the Terms and Conditions.
2) Booking by telephone
- A Member may make a Booking by telephone with one of the specialised VERYCHIC Customer Service agents, by calling one of the numbers provided in Article 1 of these Terms and Conditions.
- The Customer Service agent will collect the necessary information to make the Booking, including the desired arrival and departure dates (subject to the availability on the Site), the number of people and rooms, the name of the desired room category(s) (subject to the availability on the Site), and if applicable, all other applicable options offered by the Site and available on the chosen dates.
- The Customer Service agent will inform the Member of the existence of the Terms and Conditions and recommend that the Member consults them on the Site,
www.VERYCHIC.com. The Customer Service agent will inform the Member that payment of the Booking and receipt of the confirmation email, in conformation with Article 4.1.3 of these Terms and Conditions, constitutes valid acceptance of the Booking and Terms and Conditions.
- The Customer Service agent will communicate a summary of the characteristics of the Booking, notably the details of the chosen Offer and the total price (Taxes included), the entirety of the summer page mentioned in Article 4.1.2.1 of these Terms and Conditions, as well as a summary of the traveller’s rights appearing in Annex 1, Part B of the Order of 1 March 2018.
- The Member will pay the sum (taxes included) communicated to them by the Customer Service agent.
- Lastly, the Customer Service agent will request that the client carefully review the booking confirmation that will be sent to the email address they provided, in order to ensure that the details of the Booking conform to their travel plan.
3) Booking with a gift card
Any booking using a gift card must be made exclusively by phone via Customer Services.
4.1.3 Confirmation of a Reservation
Once the Booking has been made by the Customer, via the Site or by telephone as described in Article 4.1 of these Terms and Conditions, the Terms and Conditions accepted, and the payment confirmed, VERYCHIC makes the selected reservation with the concerned Partner establishment, on behalf of and in the name of the Customer.
VERYCHIC will send the Customer via email a booking confirmation within a maximum period of one (1) business day following the date of payment.
The Customer must attentively check for receipt of this confirmation email, and once received, carefully review that all the information contained corresponds to the Booking made, notably the details of the Offer, the beneficiaries of the Offer, the arrival and departure dates, the destination, and all other relevant information.
The contract between the Customer and VERYCHIC is definitively formed upon the sending of this e-mail confirmation and the information therein constitutes the agreement between the two parties.
4.2 No Right to Cancellation
In accordance to Article L. 221-28-12º of the Consumer Code, the booking of Offers is not subject to the application of the right of withdrawal provided for in Articles L. 221-18 and following of the Consumer Code in matters of distance selling.
Consequently, the Offers reserved on the Site are exclusively subject to the cancellation and modification policies provided in these Terms and Conditions.
ARTICLE 5 – CONDITIONS APPLYING TO VERYCHIC OFFERS
5.1 Offers of Accommodation
Offers of Accommodation can be in hotels, resorts, apartments or other types of touristic residences (hereinafter referred to as “Accommodation”). The Offers of Accommodation are provided by VERYCHIC in the name of its Partners.
5.1.1 Content of the Offer of Accommodation
Each Offer of Accommodation made available on the Site has a dedicated page with detailed information and conditions specific to the Offer, which the Customer is deemed to have fully read and accepted before confirming his/her Booking.
5.1.2 Classification of Accommodation
Accommodations listed on the site are accompanied with their attributed number stars.
Classifications are established according to the criteria set by the country in which the Accommodation is located. The standards and practices for Accommodation classifications may differ between countries. No parallel can be made from one country to another or from one institution to another.
In the absence of any local classification, VERYCHIC will try its best to inform the Customer of the quality and conditions of the Accommodation based on its knowledge of the destination and reviews provided by its Customers.
In exceptional cases, for instance in case of Force Majeure, technical reasons, or due to a third party, VERYCHIC may substitute the booked Accommodation for another accommodation offering equivalent Services.
Wherever possible, the Customer will be notified as soon as possible in advance and will be offered an establishment of the same or a higher category than the one originally chosen. In the latter case, no compensation can be claimed by the Customer.
5.1.3. Length of Stay
Prices are calculated in relation to a certain number of nights, not days. Availability of a room is calculated on a night to night basis, starting from the check-in time on the day of arrival and ending with the check-out time on the day of departure (check-in and check-out times depend on the Accommodation).
In case of late arrival or early morning departure, meaning the first and/or last night is shortened, no refund or compensation will be granted. It is strongly recommended to inform the Accommodation in advance in case of late arrival (after 7pm).
5.1.4. Rooms
Single or individual rooms usually come with a bed for one person. There are usually of a limited quantity and are often less spacious, less comfortable and less well situated than other rooms.
Double rooms may come with either two single beds or a double bed and are meant for two people.
In triples rooms, the third bed is often an extra bed offering basic comfort.
Quadruple rooms often include two extra beds offering basic comfort, and possibly smaller than standard sizes.
Certain triple or quadruple rooms have three or four real, standard sized beds and therefore do not qualify for discounts.
VERYCHIC is under no obligation to fulfil special requests. VERYCHIC will communicate any special requests to the Partner establishment and they will do their best to respond, subject to availability.
During the periods of low occupancy, Partner establishments reserve the right to undertake works, reduce and/or reorganise the Services offered (i.e. access to restaurant, spa, sports activities, swimming pools, entertainment, etc.), or to close one or more sections of the
Accommodation, without creating cause for compensation to the Customer.
5.1.5. Meals
The Customer recognises and accepts that the quality and type of catering at the chosen Accommodation/destination may be differ from the quality and type of catering found in the Customer’s home country.
Meals and drinks included depend on the selected Offer and board at the time of Booking.
An All Inclusive formula includes: accommodation with breakfasts, lunches, dinners and select drinks, usually between 10am and 10pm (all-inclusive conditions may vary between specific Offers and/or Accommodations).
A Full Board formula includes: accommodation with breakfasts, lunches and dinners, excluding drinks (full board conditions may vary between specific Offers and/or accommodations).
A Half Board formula includes: accommodation with, breakfasts and either lunches or dinners, excluding drinks (half board conditions may vary between specific Offers and/or accommodations).
All additional meals or drinks not included in the Offer, are to be requested and paid for directly with the Partner establishment.
Any meals or drinks included in the Offer but that have not been consumed are not eligible for a refund.
The number of meals depends on the number of nights spent in the Accommodation. Where applicable board starts with dinner on the first night and ends with breakfast after the last night.
Any additional meals or drinks purchased by the Customer due to early arrivals or late departures are the responsibility of the Customer and VERYCHIC will not make any refunds.
5.1.6. Activities and Entertainment
Certain activities offered by the Accommodation may present risks to the Customer, VERYCHIC will not be held responsible in the case of any accident that may occur. For safety reason, many sporting and entertainment activities may have a minimum age restriction which will vary depending on the country and local regulations and may not be suitable for pregnant women.
The Customer is recommended to inquire before booking.
5.1.7. Babies
Some accommodations do not provide baby cots while others have a limited number available, if not booked in advance, they will be subject to availability on arrival only. Depending on the accommodation, the Partner establishment may request a surcharge for the baby cot, which will be the sole responsibility of the Customer.
It is the sole responsibility of the Customer to prepare prior to departure and provide food adapted to the needs of their baby(s).
5.1.8. Price of an Offer of Accommodation
The price indicated by VERYCHIC for an Offer of Accommodation is governed by the provisions in Article 6 of these Terms and Conditions.
5.1.9. Modification or Cancellation of an Offer of Accommodation
The conditions of modification and/or cancellation for an Offer of Accommodation are defined in Article 7.1 of these Terms and Conditions.
5.2 Administrative and Health Formalities
Information regarding administrative and health formalities that may be required to travel to and stay at a particular accommodation, notably passports, visas or vaccines, may be found on, or via a link on the page of the Site dedicated to that Offer, and on the informative summary described in Article 4.1.2 of these Terms and Conditions.
Any information provided is subject to modification in accordance with changing regulations or health risks at the time of departure. The Customer should always verify and inquire about administrative and health requirements, applicable to their nationality, at the appropriate authority (i.e. consulate or embassy) for the destination of the chosen Accommodation.
It is the responsibility of the Customer to be aware of and fulfil any required administrative formalities prior to departure to the destination country, and if applicable, any transit countries on route, except conditions that are explicitly contradictory of the VERYCHIC contract. It is also the responsibility of the Customer to be aware of and provide any required administrative formalities for accompanying minors.
It is furthermore the responsibility of the Customer to be aware of, prepare and take the recommended precautions for any health risks that may exist in the chosen destination, prior to departure and during the length of the stay.
ARTICLE 6 – PRICES & METHODS OF PAYMENT
By booking an Offer on the Site, the Customer who competes the Booking contract accepts to assume ultimate full financial responsibility, including if acting on behalf of another person(s) who have authorised him/her to make the Booking for them. In such cases, said person(s) are to pay for the Offer booked on their behalf. It is the responsibility of the Customer to communicate these Terms and Conditions and inform that they are applicable to said person(s).
6.1 Price of Services
The Descriptions of the Offers presented on the Site specify for each, the specific Services included in the price. Any Services not expressly mentioned in the Description is automatically considered as excluded from the Offer.
Prices are quoted in euros (EUR) or pounds sterling (GBP) and include taxes unless otherwise stated on the Site. Prices exclude any local tourism taxes, visa costs, and any other tourism fees that might apply, unless otherwise stated on the Site.
Generally, unless expressly stated otherwise on the Site, any eventual personal expenses are not included in the price (notably gratuities and personal expenses, room service, minibar, beverages, laundry, telephone, excess luggage fees, parking at the airport, vaccinations etc.) and or any other service, activity or excursion.
Furthermore, unless expressly stated otherwise on the Site, services such airport transfers are not included in the price, and likewise the use of facilities such as a spa or sports facilities.
Prices vary according to the date of booking by the Customer, the period of departure, the individual nights selected, and the number of guests. The prices indicated on the Site are contractual rates. The price of an Offer can therefore not be contested once the Customer has made the Booking request.
Prices indicated for special cases, such as single rooms or discounts for children are provided as a guide only. Should a change affect these prices, the Customer will be informed of this before confirmation of the Booking request.
For application of the child rate, the age limit is 11 years old prior to the end date of the stay.
6.2 VERYCHIC Remuneration
VERYCHIC is a commission agent and Offers made available on the Site meet the definition of commission sales.
The Company does not provide its own travel and accommodation services but acts as a retailer of products offered by service providers. As such, VERYCHIC is remunerated on commission.
6.3 Local Taxes
The Customer should be aware of the fact that in some cases additional local taxes may be imposed by the local authorities of some states (i.e. tourist tax or holiday tax...) and they are payable locally. These additional local taxes, if they exist, are borne by the Customer.
6.4 Methods of Payment
All Bookings are payable in the following currencies:
- Euro (EUR)
- Pounds Sterling (GBP)
At the time of Booking, the Customer will be required, depending on the Offer, to pay for a part of, or the entirety of the cost of the Offer.
6.4.1 The Total Price of the Offer
The Total Price of the Offer includes: - The cost of the accommodation(s)
- The cost of any other perk/services included in the Offer
- The booking fees required to process the Booking
- Optional supplementary insurance if selected by the Customer
- The VERYCHIC remuneration, a variable commission based on the total price of the
Offer
6.4.2 Payment of part of the Total Price of the Offer at the time of booking
1) At the time of Booking, the Customer pays VERYCHIC a part of the total price of the Offer.
2) The remaining balance is to be paid in full directly to the Partner establishment upon the arrival of the Customer or their departure of the at the end of the stay (according to the conditions indicated in the Booking confirmation).
If the balance is to be settled in a foreign currency, VERYCHIC will indicate the price on the Booking confirmation email in the relevant currency and its indicative equivalent in euros (EUR) or pounds (GBP), according to the exchange rate on the day of booking.
It is the Customer's responsibility to have a valid means of payment in the relevant currency in order to pay the remaining balance once at the destination.
6.4.3 Full payment of the Total Price of the Offer at the time of booking or split payment of the Offer
For certain Offers on the Site the Customer is required to pay VERYCHIC the total price of the Offer at the time of booking.
Other Offers may require a split payment. In such cases, VERYCHIC will indicate to the Customer, at the time of booking and in the confirmation email, the amount to pay at the time of booking and dates for the second payment.
It is the customer's responsibility to enable VERYCHIC to charge the remaining balance on the date for which the second payment is due, and also to remain contactable via the contact information communicated to VERYCHIC.
6.4.4 Booking fees
The Total Price of the Offer includes the corresponding booking fees required to process the Booking.
The booking fees are fixed according to the following: Booking fees are free of charge when booking is less than two days from the date of departure.
In cases of cancellations by the Customer, the booking fees are non-refundable.
In cases of cancellations by VERYCHIC, the Company will reimburse the Customer for the full amount of the booking fees charged.
6.4.5 Making a payment
Payment are to be made by bank card either at any time online on the Site, or by telephone depending on the opening hours of the Customer Service.
Some providers require verification of the solvency of the Customer prior to commencement of the Offer being booked. The customer expressly agrees that VeryChic may conduct a preauthorisation of the credit card used to pay the deposit, for the total remaining amount due.
Payments can be made using the following card types: - Visa Cards bearing the VISA logo, colours and/or dove hologram - MasterCard or Eurocard with their MC hologram
- Carte Bleu
The management of payments is handled securely via the intermediary company WORLDLINE.
WORLDLINE
80 Quai Voltaire
River Ouest
95870 Bezons
http://fr.worldline.com
Worldline is a subsidiary of ATOS, a world leader in electronic payment processing.
The Customer expressly authorises VERYCHIC to use the card details provided to carry out the payment and/or refunds subsequent to the booking.
VERYCHIC will not be held liable for any fees that might be charged by the Customer’s bank with regard to transactions made on the Site.
The Customer warrants that he/she is fully authorised to use the credit card with which they are making the payment, and that this card gives access to sufficient funds to cover all costs required to settle the Booking.
Once a payment has been made on a card it is irrevocable. It may only be stopped in the event of loss, theft or fraudulent use of the card, in accordance with the legal provisions. The right to stop payment cannot be fraudulently used to compensate for the absence of a right of withdrawal, except in the cases exhaustively allowed by law.
6.5 Revision of Prices
Prices stated on the Site have been negotiated with Partners based on dates etc. and are valid only at the time of Booking and for that particular Booking. These prices displayed on the Site are therefore not fixed and Partners reserve the right to update the prices as often as they wish.
Prices displayed on the Site may therefore differ at a later time than from those that were booked previously by the Customer.
In any case, the price that applies to the Customer will be the price indicated at the time of Booking.
6.6 Absence of insurance included in the price of Services
No insurance is included in the prices of Offers displayed on the Site.
It is therefore recommended that the Customer subscribe to the Multi-risk Cancellation and/or Assistance Insurance, subscribed to by VERYCHIC via a specialised insurance company.
For more information, please contact Customer Services.
In the case of cancellation, no matter the date or the reason, the insurance premium paid by the Customer is in all cases non-refundable.
In the case of cancellation, it is the responsibility of the Customer to take the steps necessary to inform the insurance provider and receive compensation for the Offer booked.
ARTICLE 7 – CONDITIONS OF CANCELLATION, MODIFICATION &
REFUNDS
7.1 Modification or cancellation by the Customer
Pursuant to the provisions of Articles L.221-1-I-1 and L.221-28-12 of the Consumer Code, none of the Services offered by VERYCHIC are subject to the right of cancellation provided for in Articles L.221- 18 et seq. of the Consumer Code, relating to distance selling.
After the booking confirmation has been sent by the Company, the Booking is not changeable, refundable, nor exchangeable.
Consequently, if the Customer decides to cancel or modify the Booking prior to departure he/she will lose the sums already paid to VERYCHIC. The Company will also claim the payment for the remaining Accommodation costs, completing 100% of the Total Price of the Booking.
The Customer expressly authorises the Company to charge the card used for payment of the sums already paid to VERYCHIC, for the remaining balance due.
If a stay is interrupted, shortened or if the Customer or ultimate beneficiary fails to show up on the arrival date, neither a refund, nor compensation will be given.
Any request for a cancellation or modification by the Customer must be sent to VERYCHIC by e-mail. VERYCHIC will confirm receipt of the cancellation or modification request by e-mail to the Customer. The request cannot be considered as taken into account without this confirmation e-mail and it is Customer's responsibility to ensure that it is properly received. In the confirmation email, VERYCHIC will remind the Client of the financial consequences of the cancellation or modification.
In cases where a modification is accepted by Partner establishment, a modification fee of €20.00/£20.00 per booking will be applied.
2. Modification or cancellation by VERYCHIC
1) Modification of an Offer available on the Site
VERYCHIC reserves the right to modify certain elements of the Offers published on the Site, in the event of obligations to its Partners.
These modifications will be immediately communicated via a modification of the content on the concerned pages of the Site.
2) Modification of a Booking contract before departure
If one or more essential elements of the Services included in the booked Offer are rendered impossible as the result of an uncontrollable external event, such as Force Majeure, a change imposed by the Partner, or any other external event that affects the Company, it will promptly notify the Customer of changes to the Booking by any means in which it can have confirmation of the reception by the Customer.
The Customer will have the option to either to accept a modified proposal from the Company or cancel the booking entirely, with the stipulation that he must make his choice as soon as possible and, in any event, before the date of departure.
If accepting the proposed changes, an amendment to the contract specifying the modifications will be made between VERYCHIC and the Customer. Any reduction in the
price will be deducted from the remaining balance due by the Customer, and if the payment already made by the Customer exceeds the price of the modified Booking, the difference will be refunded to the Customer before the departure date.
3) Cancellation of a Booking contract
In the event that VERYCHIC is forced to cancel the Booking prior to departure and without any fault of the Customer, the Company will inform the Customer by email, or by any means in which it can has confirmation of the reception by the Customer. The Company will propose a substitute Offer to the Customer.
If the Customer refuses the proposed replacement Offer, the Booking will be definitively cancelled and VERYCHIC will reimburse the Customer for all sums paid, in conformity with the provisions in the Tourism Code and Consumer Code.
Any external expenses already incurred, and not included in the Booking made with VERYCHIC (such as transport costs, visas etc.) remain the sole responsibility of the Customer and will under no circumstances be subject to reimbursement by VERYCHIC.
In the event that a cancellation insurance policy has been taken out, it will be the sole responsibility of the Customer to carry out all the necessary steps to inform the insurance company and receive their compensation.
7.3 Claims
In the event of a request for information, a claim, modification or a cancellation before the starting date of a Booking, the Customer may contact VERYCHIC via email any time at contact@verychic.com or by contacting the Customer Services by telephone during open hours (phone numbers and open hours are indicated in Article 1 of these Terms and Conditions).
In the event of a claim after the departure date, said claim must be made in writing by the Customer to the Company, within a maximum period of 30 days following the end of the concerned Booking, by recorded delivery mail and written notification thereof given, at the
following address:
VERYCHIC, SAS - 23, rue d'Anjou - 75008 Paris, France.
Claims will only be allowed if the problems experienced are reported to the Company or Partner during the trip, allowing for fair opportunity to attempt to remedy or limit damage suffered by the client.
No Claim will be accepted in events of loss(s), damage(s), theft(s) of luggage, clothing or personal objects belonging to the Customer during the stay.
After having contacted VERYCHIC's Customer Service, if there is no satisfactory answer within 60 days, the Customer may contact The Tourism and Travel Mediation (MTV), whose contact and referral details can be found at the following website: http://www.mtv.travel
8. RESPONSIBILITIES & GUARANTEES
8.1 Liability exclusion
The Company will not in any event, be held liable for the non-execution or improper performance of the Site or Services booked, which are attributable to the Customer, Partner, or to an unforeseeable and insurmountable third-party influence or case of Force Majeure.
In the event that VERYCHIC is found liable, the limit of compensation provided for in Article L.211-16 of the Tourism Code and the provisions of the Montreal Convention of the 28th May 1999, the modified Warsaw Convention of the 12th October 1929, or the applicable European regulations, will apply.
8.2 Use of the Site
No guarantee is given to the Customer, to the: total absence of anomalies, errors and bugs that might affect navigation or the implementation of any features offered, on the Site; ability to correct such anomalies, errors or bugs; absence of interruptions or breakdowns in the functioning of the Site; compatibility of the Site with particular devices or configurations.
Under no circumstances shall the Company be held liable for any damages, direct or indirect and/or immaterial, foreseeable or unforeseeable (including loss of profits or chance of, etc.) arising from the supply and/or use of the site, or the impossibility of use, total or partial, of the sites features.
The hyperlinks present on the Site, serve to send the Customer to third-party websites, for the sole purpose of facilitating research by the Customer.
In any event, the Customer acknowledges the characteristics and limitations of the Internet, in particular its technical performance, response times for the consultation, querying and transfer of data, including the risks involved to the security of those communications.
8.3 Photos and illustrations
VERYCHIC and its Partners do their best to provide photos and illustrations which provide an accurate preview of the proposed Services.
These photographs and illustrations are not contractual and can under no circumstances constitute an essential element of the contract. Changes may have occurred between the date of taking the photograph, or creating the illustration, and the date of the Booking and departure.
Therefore, variations may exist between the photos on the Site and the product.
ARTICLE 9 – INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Site, as well as software, databases, text, information, analyses, images, photographs, graphics, logos, sound or any other content on the Site are the exclusive property of the Company and/or Partners or with whom it has an agreement of use.
The Customer agrees not to introduce, by any means whatsoever, data that may alter or affect the content or presentation of the Site.
ARTICLE 10 – PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
VeryChic conforms with Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relating to information technology and civil liberties, and General Data Protection Regulation No. 2016/679 (EU) of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (hereinafter referred to as "General Data Protection Regulation" or "GDPR").
In its capacity as a Data Controller, VERYCHIC ensures the protection of the personal data of Customers and Users. To do this, VERYCHIC makes every effort that its activities and the proposed tourist Services are in conformity with the aforementioned legislation.
The personal data collected on Customers and Users is limited to what is necessary in view of the purposes for which they are processed by VERYCHIC, namely: - In providing the purchase of touristic Services;
- For Members: providing personalised newsletters and advertisements;
- For Users, Members & Customers: optimising and personalising the experience when browsing the Site;
- For Users, Members & Customers: allowing VERYCHIC to develop its marketing activity through statistical means, to better target the expectations of its Customers.
VERYCHIC only communicates the personal data of its Customers and Users to specific authorised Data Recipients. These Data Recipients are the partners and suppliers of touristic Services to VERYCHIC, notably: hotels, restaurants, travel agencies, leisure and transport service providers and insurance companies. These Data Recipients, who are contractually bound to VERYCHIC, are also bound by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
VERYCHIC may transfer data from Users and Customers to countries outside the European Union.
In conformance with the principle of limitation of retention, VERYCHIC defines the retention period of the personal data of Users and Customers as follows: - For Members & Customers: VeryChic retains personal data until the deletion of the member account, without prejudice to the retention obligations or limitation periods. - Data used for statistical purposes may be retained for longer periods, provided that VERYCHIC implements the appropriate technical and organisational measures to guarantee the rights and freedoms of Customers and Users.
Customers and Users have the right to access, rectify or delete their personal data at any time, and if needed, a right to portability. They also have the right to limit the use of their personal data and the right to object to its processing.
If Customers and Users have given their consent to the processing of their personal data for any purpose, they also have the right to withdraw it at any time. Customers or Users may address any questions or exercise their right, at any time, via the following means:
By email to: dpo@VERYCHIC.com
By post at: VeryChic SAS - 23, rue d'Anjou -75008 - Paris (France)
Users and Customers also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority. (In France this authority is the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et Libertés (CNIL)).
In order to be able to deal with any questions or complaints, a copy of a valid ID must be sent to VERYCHIC.
VERYCHIC has updated its Privacy Policy which is available to view on the Site, www.VERYCHIC.com. The Privacy Policy is also included at the end of the Terms and
Conditions.
ARTICLE 11 – FINAL STIPULATIONS
11.1 Severability
In the event that any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions is found null or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed void, and without affecting the validity of the other provisions.
The parties will negotiate its replacement by a provision of economic equivalent effect.
11.2 Proof
Absence from error on the part of the Partners or the Company, for which the Customer would have to show evidence, the data stored in the information system of the Company and / or its Partners have probative value as to reservations placed by the Customer.
Data stored on computer or electronic device is valid evidence and are admissible under the same conditions and with the same force as any document created, received or retained in writing.
11.3 Applicable Law & Competent Jurisdiction
11.3.1 Applicable law
These Terms & Conditions, with regard to their form and substance, are governed by French law, regardless of the country of residence of the Client, except in cases where the law of the country of origin of the Customer provides a higher level of protection than French law and alternatively, the Customer demonstrates that VERYCHIC is directing its activities to the State of their habitual residence.
11.3.2 Competent courts
Any dispute in relation to use of the Site or Services booked is the exclusive jurisdiction of the French courts and territorial jurisdiction, except where mandatory provisions of European law apply.
11.4 Applicable Legal Provisions
In accordance with Article R.211-12 of the Tourism Code (Code de Tourisme), the provisions of Articles R.211-3 to R.211-11 of the Tourism Code, effective from the 1st July 2018, are provided below:
Article R.211-3: “Article R. 211-3: Any offer and any sale of services mentioned in Article L. 211-1 give rise to the relevant documents being handed over, these documents meeting the rules defined by this section.
Article R.211-3.1: "The exchange of pre-contractual information or the provision of contractual conditions shall be set out in writing and may be made electronically with the name or business name and address of the organiser or retailer and the indication of its registration in the register provided for in Article L. 1413 or, where applicable, the name, address and the indication of the registration of the federation or the union mentioned in the second paragraph of Article R. 211-2."
Article R.211-4: “Prior to the conclusion of the contract, the organiser or the retailer must inform the traveller of the following information:
1° The main characteristics of the travel services: a) the destination(s), the itinerary and the periods of stay, with the dates and, when the accommodation is included, the number of nights included; b) the means, characteristics and categories of transport, the places, dates and times of departure and return, the duration and place of stops and connections. When the exact time has not yet been set, the organiser or retailer informs the traveller of the approximate time of departure and return; c) the situation, the main features and, if applicable, the tourist category of accommodation according to the rules of the country of destination; d) the meals provided; e) visits, excursions or other services included in the total price agreed for the contract; not apparent from the context, whether any travel services will be provided to the traveller as a member of a group and, in this case, if possible, the approximate size of the group; g) where the benefit of other tourist services provided to the traveller is based on effective verbal communication, the language in which these services will be provided; h) Information on whether travel or holiday accommodation is, in general, suitable for persons with reduced mobility and, at the request of the traveller, precise information on the suitability of the holiday or vacation to the needs of the traveller.
2° The corporate name and the geographical address of the organiser and retailer, as well as their telephone number and, if applicable, electronic numbers.
3° The total price including taxes and, if applicable, all fees, royalties or other additional costs, or, where these cannot be reasonably calculated before the conclusion of the contract, an indication of the type of additional costs which the traveller may still have to bear.
4° The payment terms, including the amount or percentage of the price to be paid as an advance payment and the schedule for the payment of the balance, or the financial guarantees to be paid or to be provided by the traveller.
5° The minimum number of persons required to complete the trip or stay and the deadline mentioned in III of the article L. 211-14 preceding the beginning of the journey or the stay for a possible cancellation of the contract in case this number is not reached: "6 ° General information concerning the conditions applicable to passports and visas, including the approximate duration of obtaining visas, as well as information on the health formalities, of the country of destination.
7° A statement that the traveller can terminate the contract at any time before the start of the journey or stay, subject to the payment of appropriate resolution fees or, if applicable, standard resolution fees claimed by the organiser or retailer, in accordance with Article L. 211-14, I.
8° Information on compulsory or optional insurance covering the costs of rescinding the contract by the traveller or the cost of assistance, covering repatriation, in case of accident, illness or death. "For packages defined in section e 2° of A of II of Article L. 211-2, the organiser or retailer and the professional to whom the data is transmitted shall ensure that each of them provides before the traveller is bound by a contract, the information listed in this section to the extent that it is relevant to the travel services they offer." The form by which the information listed in this article is brought to the attention of the traveller is set by joint order of the Minister of Tourism and the Minister of Economy and Finance. This decree specifies the minimum information to be brought to the attention of the traveller when the contract is concluded by telephone.”
Article R.211-5: “The information mentioned in sections 1°, 3°, 4°, 5° and 7° of Article R. 2114 communicated to the traveller forms part of the contract and can only be modified under the conditions defined in Article L. 211- 9.”
Article R.211-6: “The contract must contain, in addition to the information defined in article R. 211-4, the following information:
1° the particular requirements of the traveller that the organiser or retailer has accepted;
2° a statement indicating that the organiser and the retailer are responsible for the proper
performance of all the travel services included in the contract in accordance with Article L. 211-16, and that they are required to provide assistance to the traveller, if he is in difficulty, in accordance with Article L. 211-17.1;
3° the name of the entity in charge of protection against insolvency and its contact details, including its geographical address;
4° the name, the address, telephone number, e-mail address and, where applicable, the fax number of the local representative of the organiser or retailer, a contact point or other service via the intermediary from which the traveller can quickly contact the organiser or the retailer and communicate with him in an efficient way, to ask for help if the traveller is in difficulty or to complain about any non-conformity found during the execution of the journey or the stay; A statement indicating that the traveller is required to communicate any noncompliance that he finds during the execution of the journey or stay in accordance with II of Article L. 211-16;
6° when minors, unaccompanied by a parent or other authorised person, travel on the basis of a contract including accommodation, information allowing to establish a direct contact with the minor or the person responsible for the minor on the place of residence of the minor
7° information on the internal procedures for the handling of available complaints and on the out-of-court settlement mechanisms and, where applicable, on the entity to which the trader belongs and on the platform of online dispute resolution provided for in Regulation (EU) No 524/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council.
8° information on the right of the traveller to transfer the contract to another traveller in accordance with Article L. 211- 11. With regard to the fixed rates defined in e 2° of A of II of Article L. 211-2, the professional to whom the data is transmitted informs the organiser or retailer of the conclusion of the contract giving rise to the creation of a package. The professional provides him with the necessary information to enable him to fulfil his obligations as an organiser. As soon as the organiser or the retailer is informed of the creation of a package, he provides the traveller, in a durable medium, the information mentioned in 1° to 8°.”
Article R.211-7: "The traveller may transfer the contract to a transferee who fulfils the same conditions to make the trip or stay, as long as there are no changes made to terms of the contract. Notwithstanding any statement more favourable to the transferor, the transferor is obliged to inform the retailer of his decision by recorded delivery mail, no later than seven days before the start of the trip. This transfer is in no way subject to the prior authorisation of the organiser or retailer."
Article R.211-8: "When the contract contains an express right to revise prices, within the limits laid down in Article L. 211-12, it must state the precise calculation methods, for both rises and reductions in price, including costs of transport and taxes, different currency(s) that may affect the price of the trip or stay, the percentage of the price affected by the variation, as well as the currency rate taken into account when drawing up the prices given in the contract. In the event of a reduction in the price, the organiser or the retailer is entitled to deduct his actual administrative expenses from the reimbursement due to the traveller. At the request of the traveller, the organiser or the retailer must provide proof of these administrative expenses."
Article R.211-9: "If before the departure of the traveller, the organiser or retailer is forced to make a change to one of the essential elements of the contract, if it cannot meet the requirements set out in section 1° of Article R. 211-6, or in the case of a significant price rise over 8%, it must inform the
traveller as soon as possible, in a clear, understandable manner, on a durable medium:
1° proposed changes and, if applicable, their impact on the price of the trip or stay;
2° the reasonable period of time in which the traveller must communicate to the organiser or the retailer the decision they are taking;
3° the consequences of the traveller's failure to reply within the set time limit;
4° if applicable, of the other proposed service, as well as of its price. "When the contract changes or the substitution service results in a decline in the quality of the trip or stay or its cost, the traveller is entitled to an adequate price reduction. If the contract is resolved and the traveller does not accept any other service, the organiser or the retailer shall reimburse all the payments made by the traveller or on his behalf as soon as possible and in any case not later than fourteen days after the termination of the contract, without prejudice to compensation pursuant to Article L. 211-17."
Article R.211-10: “The organiser or retailer shall make the reimbursements required under II and III of Article L. 211-14 or, under I of Article L. 211-14, refund all payments made by the traveller or on his behalf, minus any appropriate resolution fees. These refunds for the benefit of the traveller shall be made as soon as possible and in any event within fourteen days at the latest after the termination of the contract. In the case provided for in III of Article L. 211-14, the additional compensation that the traveller is likely to receive is at least equal to the penalty they would have incurred had the cancellation been made by them at that date.”
Article R.211-11: “The aid payable by the organiser or retailer pursuant to Article L. 211171 consists in particular of: 1° to provide useful information on health services, local authorities and consular assistance; 2° To help the traveller to carry out long distance communications and to find other travel services. The organiser or retailer is entitled to charge a reasonable price for this assistance if the difficulty is intentionally caused by the traveller or by his negligence. The invoiced price in no case exceeds the actual costs incurred by the organiser or the retailer.”

Viber Terms of Use
Thanks for sending us good vibes by using the various services available within Viber! You may be surprised, but we will refer to all such services, including additional apps published by Viber Media S.a.r.l, and also third party services which are powered by Viber’s technology, as the “Services”.

The Terms of Use (or, the “Terms”) presented below are the basic rights and obligations that you and us have between us when you use our Services. The language of the Terms will seem legal (basically, because they are) but we still tried to make them as simple as possible for you to read, so that we are sure that you knowingly choose to enjoy our Services under these binding Terms (which actually constitute a binding agreement between Viber Media S.a r.l. and yourself).

When you use our Services, in addition to enjoying a world of good vibes, you also agree to the Terms and they affect your rights and obligations. You can choose not to enjoy the Services, if you don’t want these Terms to apply (and by these Terms we also mean our Privacy Policy, Cookies and Tracking Technologies Policy, DMCA Policy, and other policies on our policies page, which are incorporated herein).

NO ACCESS TO EMERGENCY SERVICES: Viber is not a replacement for your ordinary mobile or fixed line telephone and does not allow you to make emergency calls to emergency services. You must make alternative communication arrangements to ensure that you can make emergency calls if needed.

Some features of our Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which you should read before making use of those features, and they add up to these Terms. You understand that, just like a regular mobile phone service, anyone with knowledge of your phone number may call you or send you messages through our Services and anyone you send a message to can use the content of your message as they desire.

1. Legal Capacity; Children and Minors. If you are under the age of consent in your country to form a binding agreement, you should only use our Service if you are either an emancipated minor, or have the legal consent of your parent or guardian for your use of our Service. You should use our Service only if you are fully able to understand and enter into and comply with these Terms. Our Services are not intended for children under 13: if you are under 13, please wait until you turn 13 to use them.

2. Updates to Terms. We are always working on adding additional features to our Services, and because of that, and also since sometimes applicable laws change, we may revise and reissue these Terms occasionally, by posting updated Terms at /viber-terms-use. You consent and agree to receive notices of updates of these Terms through our posting of updated Terms on the Services. You should visit this page regularly to review the current Terms. If you do not agree to updated Terms, you should stop using our Services and/or close your account.Your continued use of any of our Services will be deemed as your acceptance of any revisions.

3. The Information You Give Us to Use the Service Must Be Correct. To access the Viber Service or some of the features we offer in the Viber Service, you will be asked to provide true and complete registration details. If we at Viber believe the details are not correct, current, or complete, we have the right prevent you from accessing our Services, or any of its resources and to terminate or suspend your account.

4. Online Privacy Notice. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide notices explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at our Services. Click here to view our Privacy Policy.

5. Trademarks and Copyrights. Our Services and materials incorporated by Viber on our Services (“Material”) are protected by copyrights, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights (“Copyrights”). Some of the characters, logos, or other images incorporated by Viber in our Services are also protected as registered or unregistered trademarks, trade names, and/or service marks owned by Viber or others (“Trademarks”). Viber or its licensors own the title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the Material and Service, and by using our Services, you do not acquire any ownership rights in Service or Materials contained therein. Viber respects the intellectual property rights of others and asks users of our Services to do the same.

6. Your Use of Our Material. Your right to make use of our Service and any Material or other content appearing on it is subject to your compliance with these Terms. You may not modify, or use the Material or any other content on our Services for any purpose not permitted by these Terms. Such prohibited use violates these Terms and may be a violation of the Copyrights and/or Trademarks protected by law.

You may access and display Material and all other content displayed on our Services for non-commercial, personal, entertainment use on any computer, tablet, smart watch, or mobile device you own or control. The Material and all other content on this Service may not otherwise be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or used in any way unless specifically authorized by Viber. Also, decompiling, reverse engineering, disassembling, or otherwise reducing the code used in any software on this Service into a readable form in order to examine the construction of such software and/or to copy or create other products based (in whole or in part) on such software, is prohibited. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Material and/or the Services.

7.Call Services; Premium Services. As part of our Service, we offer you to call your friends who use Viber, through our Service, free of charge (calls use your data plan unless connected to Wifi). Viber also offers you the opportunity to become a premium “Viber Out” user, which allows you to call non-Viber users (landlines or mobiles) around the world at such rates as presented herein https://account.viber.com/en/rates/.

In addition, you are allowing certain incoming calls generated outside the Viber network, by your friends or other people calling your number, to be received by your mobile device or desktop through the Licensed Application (hereinafter: “Viber In”). “Viber In” is provided to you for free and you may disable the ‘Viber In’ service at any time by changing the application settings.

8. Charges for Viber Out Service and Other Products or Features.

8.1 Calling non-Viber phone numbers and premium rate numbers with Viber Credit:

8.1.1 The rates for calling landlines and mobile phones outside of the Viber community consist of a per-minute rate as set out on http://account.viber.com/. After a 4-hour call duration, the call will be disconnected and require a re-dial.

8.1.2 Viber may change the rates for calling phones at any time without notice to you by posting such change at http://account.viber.com/. The new rate will apply to your next phone call after the new rates have been published. Please check the latest rates before you make your call. If you do not accept the new rates, do not make your call.

8.1.3 The duration of a call shall be based on one-minute increments. Fractions of minutes will be rounded up to the next minute. At the end of a call, fractional cent charges will be rounded up or down to the nearest whole cent. For example a total call at a price of €0.034 will be rounded to €0.03. During the call, charges incurred will be deducted automatically from the Viber Credit balance in your User Account.

8.2 The charges for other Viber products or features will be confirmed to you before you complete a purchase from Viber. Viber may change the prices of such products at any time without any notice to you. You can choose whether or not to accept the new charges prior to completing your next purchase of the applicable product. The new prices will apply to your next purchase after the new prices have been published.

8.3 From time to time, Viber may offer products or features available at no charge for a trial period, at Viber’s sole discretion, including as to duration and scope of no charge offers. However, Viber reserves the right to charge you for such products (at the normal rate) in the event that Viber determines (in its reasonable discretion) that you are abusing the terms of the offer, including if you are using any service, proxy or other device or anonymous IP address that prevents us from locating you.

8.4 Viber may collect VAT or other indirect taxes at the applicable rate for the particular country (as per applicable tax rules) at the time of purchase of Viber Credit or at the time you use the Viber Credit.

8.5 Using the Service on mobile applications will use some of the data allowance available on the data package to which you have subscribed with your mobile network operator as the case may be. Out-of-country usage may in any event lead to significantly higher costs than regular usage, and you are solely responsible for keeping yourself informed and paying for possible roaming and other applicable charges levied by your mobile network operator.

9. Payments; Refunds. You can find information about payments, credits and refunds in our Payments policy.

9.1 You can purchase credits (“Viber Credit”) using any payment method made available to you by Viber from time to time. The Viber Credit that you purchase will be applied to your User Account at the time of purchase. We will send you an acknowledgement of your order of Viber Credit [by email]. We use the services of third parties to process your payments and we require that these third parties take the appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to comply with relevant laws. Please review the terms of use and privacy policies of those third parties before providing your banking or payment information. You agree that you are not relying on the future availability of any feature or product offered through the Service in agreeing to or making payments hereunder. You can change your payment method and billing information by logging into your Viber account at http://account.viber.com/. You agree that Viber may use information regarding your selected payment method provided by your issuing bank or applicable payment system. If you pay with foreign currency, you agree that the amount you are eventually credited may vary, as a result of foreign currency conversion policies of our third party payment processors, which you can find at the relevant website or location where you make the actual purchase.

9.2 If you do not use your Viber Credit for a period of six months (including Viber Credit that has been allocated to you by a Viber administrator), such credits will be frozen. You can reactivate the Viber Credit by accessing your Viber-Out account on viber.com, and following the instructions therein.

If your Viber account is deactivated, your Viber Credit will be lost. For this purpose, Viber Account may be deactivated in any of the following: (i) You actively deactivate your account. (ii) You remove Viber from your mobile device and do not reinstall it within three months (iii) You do not log in to Viber for twelve consecutive months.

For Japanese numbers (+81), Viber Credit expires within 180 days of purchase, with no ability to reactivate.

9.3 Viber Credit currently can be used only for Viber Out calls.

9.4 Automatic Recurring Charge. The recurring charge feature will be automatically enabled when you buy Viber Credit through the Viber website, unless you uncheck the appropriate checkbox at the time of purchase. Your Viber Credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by the same payment method you initially designated when you registered your account every time your Viber account balance goes below the threshold set by Viber from time to time. You can disable the recurring charge feature at any time by accessing your User Account. Any charges mentioned in specific currencies are solely considered as examples, and do not take currency fluctuations or discrepancies into account.

9.5 In the event of any errors relating to the pricing or specifications, Viber shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders in its sole discretion. If we charged your credit card or other account prior to cancellation, we will issue a credit to your account in the amount of the charge. Additional Terms may apply.

10. Refunds.

10.1 Except as provided by law, all purchases are final and non-refundable. If you believe that Viber has charged you in error, you must contact Viber within 90 days of such charge. No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old. If you purchase any digital content from Viber, any right you may have to withdraw from or cancel the purchase will terminate once the digital content has been delivered to you upon your request, and you will not be entitled to claim any refund, except where you believe Viber has charged you in error. If you use third party services to purchase Viber Out Credit, such purchase is also subject to the terms of such third party (including with respect to payment terms, refunds, etc.).

10.2 Viber reserves the right to refuse a refund request if it reasonably believes or suspects (i) that you are trying to unfairly exploit this refund policy, for example, by making repetitive refund requests in respect of the same product or feature; (ii) that you are in breach of the terms of this License; (iii) that you are using any of our products fraudulently or that your User Account is being used by a third party fraudulently; or (iv) that you purchased your credit through a third party service and the terms of such third party do not allow such refund. This refund policy does not affect any of your statutory rights to pursue a claim.

11. Public Content. THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION AND OPINIONS INCLUDED AND/OR EXPRESSED IN OR ON PUBLIC ACCOUNTS AND/OR PUBLIC CHATS, COMMENT SECTIONS, COMMUNITY PAGES, OR OTHER FORUMS ON THIS SERVICE (“FORUMS”) ARE NOT NECESSARILY THOSE OF THE VIBER GROUP OR CONTENT PROVIDERS. VIBER DOES NOT UNDERTAKE TO MONITOR OR REVIEW FORUMS, AND THE CONTENT OF FORUMS IS NOT THE RESPONSIBILITY OF VIBER. VIBER MAY REMOVE OR MODIFY ANY CONTENT WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY AT ANY TIME IN VIBER’S SOLE DISCRETION. ANY USE OF THE FORUMS WILL BE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY SET OUT ABOVE.

12. User Content.

We want you to share your good vibes through our service! This is why we have different features allowing you to do so. However, because we want to protect you and other Users and make sure your experience is positive, we reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any User Content on the Service, to suspend or terminate users, and to block participants of Viber Public Chats without liability to us, including where such User Content, in our sole discretion, violates these Terms, including these House Rules, the Public Chat & Public Accounts Terms & Guidelines  or any additional terms, or that we otherwise find objectionable. We also reserve the right to respond to user support requests or reports provided through the Viber App, or protect the rights, property or safety of Viber, its users and the public.

(a) Public Chats: The Service allows users to follow Public Chats conducted on the Service. Public Chats are conversations held between groups of participants who have a common interest or affiliation, and are chatting amongst themselves, on Viber, while any Viber User choosing to follow such Public Chat (“Viber Public Chat”) publically views the chat. Viber Public Chats may include content that is not suitable for children and therefore, persons viewing, following or participating in a Public Chat must be at least 13 years old. Please review the Public Chat & Public Accounts Terms & Guidelines and the Content Guidelines (which are part of these Terms) to understand more about what’s prohibited on Viber Public Chat and what terms apply when you use this feature. You can always unfollow a Viber Public Chat if you find it to be unsuitable for you in any way.

Viber does not undertake to monitor Public Chats or other Forums, and the content posted on Public Chats and other Forums is not the responsibility of Viber.

(b) Comments: when you use our public Forums, your content is public and you allowing anyone, on Viber and elsewhere to view it and associate it with you. your content will be used to help improve how we offer content to you and other users. By posting or uploading any User Content to Viber, you specifically grant us the a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any intellectual property rights for the content that you share publicly on or in connection with our Service. This License will end once you delete such content or your account unless users who have seen the content saved it. Removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).

13. Our Use of Your User Content. Viber will consider anything you provide to Viber, including feedback, ideas or suggestions and/or contribute to this Service as available for our use free of any obligations to you (including any payment). Under no circumstances will we pay you for the use of your ideas or submissions.

14. Claims of Infringement. If you believe that any materials accessible on or from the Service infringe your copyrights, you may request the removal of those materials (or access thereto) by contacting our copyright agent. Please go to the DMCA notification page to review our DMCA notification guidelines and procedures – Viber DMCA Policy.

15. Responsibility for Your Use. You may only use our Service and its contents for lawful purposes and in accordance with applicable law and you are prohibited from storing, distributing, or transmitting any unlawful material through this Service, otherwise you may be exposed to criminal and/or civil liability. You agree that if a third-party claims that material you have contributed to our Service is unlawful, you will bear the burden of establishing that it is lawful. You understand and agree that all materials publicly posted or privately transmitted on or through this Service are the sole responsibility of the sender, not Viber, and that you are responsible for all material you upload, publicly post or otherwise transmit to or through this Service.

16. System Abuse; Bulk Messaging. Without limitation, you agree not to send, create, or reply to so called “mailbombs” (i.e., sending copies of a single message to many users, or sending large or multiple files or messages to a single user with malicious intent) or engage in “spamming” (i.e., sending unsolicited messages for business or other purposes) In addition, you agree not to send “bulk messaging” (i.e. sending messages for business or other commercial purposes) without written permission by Viber, or undertake any other activity which may adversely affect the operation or enjoyment of this Service by any other person, including placing malware on the Service.

You may not reproduce, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit any resource, or access to any resource, contained on this Service.

17. Security of User Accounts. If you create a User Account by selecting a password and providing your name, You are responsible for all activities that occur under your User Account. You agree to notify Viber immediately of any unauthorized use of your User Account or any breach of security with respect to your User Account including your password. Viber will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your User Account, either with or without your knowledge. In addition, you may be held liable for any losses incurred by us or another party due to someone else using your User Account. Viber shall be entitled to monitor your User Account and password and, at its discretion, require you to change your password. If you use a username and password that Viber considers insecure, Viber will be entitled to require this to be changed and/or terminate your User Account.

18. Violation of Security Systems. You are prohibited from using any services or facilities provided in connection with this Service to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or accounts. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g. password guessing programs, cracking tools, malware, or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of system security, Viber reserves the right to release your details to system administrators at other sites, law enforcement and/or governmental authorities in order to assist them in resolving security incidents.

19. Termination. We aspire that you will always continue to share good vibes through the use of our Service, but you may terminate your relationship with Viber at any time. If you are using our free Service, you may simply cease to use the Service. If you registered for our “Viber Out” service (described above), you can request that Viber delete your account and our cancellation policy shall apply. Where permissible under the law, Viber has the right to terminate your rights under our Service without notice.

20. Disclaimer of Warranties. Although we make great efforts to make our Service error and interruption free, we cannot promise that such efforts will result with such desired performance. YOUR USE OF THIS SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY US SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. THE SERVICE AND ALL THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES AND OTHER CONTENT IN THE SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, VIBER, ITS PARENT RAKUTEN AND ANY SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATED COMPANIES OF VIBER (“THE VIBER GROUP”) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE VIBER GROUP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED ON OR THROUGH THIS SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE SERVICE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE VIBER GROUP DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT ON THE SERVICE OR ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SERVICE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE VIBER GROUP MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT OF THE SERVICE WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS AND THE VIBER GROUP ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN SUCH MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT OF THE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE IMPLIED WARRANTIES TO APPLY TO YOU, THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

IF YOU ARE ACCESSING A UNITED KINGDOM OR LUXEMBOURG VERSION OF THE SERVICE, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM THE NEGLIGENCE OF EITHER PARTY OR THEIR SERVANTS, AGENTS, OR EMPLOYEES.

21. Limitation of Liability. THE VIBER GROUP DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE (DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHERWISE) RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER SITE, APP OR SERVICE, OR THE MATERIAL, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT ON THE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER SITE, APP OR SERVICE, REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS UPON WHICH LIABILITY IS CLAIMED AND EVEN IF ANY MEMBER OF THE VIBER GROUP HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. WITHOUT LIMITATION, YOU (AND NOT ANY MEMBER OF THE VIBER GROUP) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION IN THE EVENT OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING THEREIN. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW ALL OR ANY PART OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO APPLY TO YOU, THE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. In no event shall our total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.

22. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless The Viber Group from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, resulting from your breach of these Terms, including any of the foregoing provisions, representations or warranties, from your placement or transmission of any content onto Viber’s servers and/or from any and all use of your User Account.

23. Release. If you have a dispute with one or more users (including game developers and/or merchants), you release The Viber Group from claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses and damages (actual and consequential of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes). In entering into this release, you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) to the extent permitted by applicable law that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.

24. Investigations. Viber may seek to gather information from a user who is suspected of violating these Terms and from any other user. Viber may suspend any users whose conduct or postings are under investigation and may remove such material from its servers as it deems appropriate and without notice.  If Viber believes, in its sole discretion, that a violation of these Terms has occurred, it may edit or modify any submission, posting or emails, remove the material permanently, cancel postings, warn users, suspend users and passwords, terminate accounts, or take other corrective action it deems appropriate.  Viber may fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Viber to disclose the identity of anyone posting any content, or publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to violate these Terms. BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS ALL MEMBERS OF THE VIBER GROUP FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY MEMBER OF THE VIBER GROUP DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUNCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER A MEMBER OF THE VIBER GROUP OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

25. Reservation of Rights. Viber reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of this Service and/or any software, facilities, and services on this Service, with or without notice and/or to establish general guidelines and limitations on their use.

26. Local Regulations. We make no representation that our Service is available for use or permitted by law in any particular location. To the extent you choose to access our Service, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, including but not limited to applicable local laws. You are responsible for complying with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.

27. Third-Party Services. This Service may link you to other sites on the Internet and third party partners which cooperate with us to provide you certain Services, such as Western Union. These sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. These other sites are not under the control of Viber, and you acknowledge that (whether or not such sites are affiliated in any way with Viber) Viber is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites, and that your use of such sites is subject to their respective terms of use. The inclusion of such a link does not imply endorsement of any site by Viber or any association with its operators.

28. Viber cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from any third-party site that links to or from Viber since the third-party sites are owned and operated by independent retailers. Viber does not endorse any of the merchandise, nor has Viber taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained on such third-party sites. Viber does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third-party, and you irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online transaction with any of these third-parties.

29. Proprietary Online Services. Any area of this Service that is accessed through any proprietary online service is subject to the rules, policies and guidelines of such proprietary online service.

30. Jurisdictional Issues. The Materials and all other content in this Service are presented for the purpose of providing information regarding the Viber Services available in the United States and elsewhere.

31. Choice of Law. To the extent permitted by law, and with the exception of Section 8 (which will be construed in accordance with the FAA and New York law), these Terms shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, as they are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within New York.

32. Binding Arbitration of All Disputes; No Class Relief.

This section sets forth the exclusive way you can resolve any dispute you may have with us. If you ever wish to seek any relief from us, you agree to do it only through arbitration, and you waive the ability to pursue class action.

(a) U.S. Residents: To the fullest extent permissible by law, with the exception of disputes pertaining to Viber’s intellectual property rights and certain statutory claims that, pursuant to law, are not arbitrable, any dispute of any kind between you and Viber arising under these Terms shall be resolved through binding arbitration pursuant to the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures on an individual basis with no class relief.The arbitrator shall be a retired judge or justice of any New York state or federal court with substantial experience in the internet industry and shall follow New York substantive law in adjudicating the dispute, except that this Section 8(a) shall be construed as a “written agreement to arbitrate” pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”). You and we agree that we intend that this Section 8(a) satisfies the “writing” requirement of the FAA. The hearing shall be conducted in the county that encompasses the billing address you have provided to Viber. For any claim in which you seek U.S. $10,000.00 or less, you shall have the choice as to whether the hearing is conducted in person, by telephone, or instead the arbitrator may decide the dispute without a hearing. For those claims that the arbitrator determines are not frivolous, Viber shall pay the costs and fees of JAMS and the arbitrator. Viber agrees that it will not seek reimbursement from you for its costs and fees incurred by it in the arbitration. AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS CONSTITUTES AN AGREEMENT TO PURSUE YOUR CLAIM ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND A WAIVER OF THE ABILITY TO PURSUE YOUR CLAIM IN A CLASS ACTION.

(b) Non-U.S. Residents: If any controversy, allegation, or claim (including any non-contractual claim) arises out of or relates to the Service or the Terms (a “Section 8(b) Dispute”), then you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Section 8(b) Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it. Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information that you provide us. But if no such information exists or if such information is not current, then we have no obligation under this Section 8(b).  Your notice to us must be sent to us at Viberforeigndispute@viber.com. For a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Viber and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Section 8(b) Dispute, though nothing will require either you or Viber to resolve the Section 8(b) Dispute on terms which either you or Viber, in each of our sole discretion, are uncomfortable with.

If your Section 8(b) dispute against Viber involves a paid Viber Service and we are unable to resolve it through dialogue (as described above), Viber will Directive 2013/11/EU on Consumer Alternative Dispute Resolution. The European Commission Online Dispute Resolution (“ODR”) can be accessed at eu.europa.eu/odr.

33. How to Contact Us. This Service is controlled and operated by Viber Media, S.à r.l., a société à responsabilité limitée incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered office at 2, rue des Fossé, L-1536 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the Trade and Companies Register of Luxembourg. Please forward any comments or complaints about the Service to techsupport@viber.com. Please forward any questions regarding privacy to privacy@viber.com and other legal matters to support@viber.com.

34. General. If any provision of these Terms are adjudged, by written decision, to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between you and Viber relating to the matters contained here and the Service.

In the event you read these terms in any language other than English, you agree that in the event of any discrepancies, the English version shall prevail.
Terms of Service
Last Updated: March 3, 2017
**PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY. Vimeo, Inc. ("Vimeo," "we," or "us") offers an online video sharing platform and community through its website located at Vimeo.com and other Vimeo-operated sites (collectively, the "Vimeo Site"), mobile applications, connected TV applications, and other online services (collectively and including the Vimeo Site, the "Vimeo Service"). By registering as a member or by using the Vimeo Service in any way, you accept these Terms of Service ("Agreement"), which forms a binding agreement between you and Vimeo. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement, do not use the Vimeo Service. **
Content
1.	Who May Use the Vimeo Service
2.	License to Use the Vimeo Service
3.	Privacy
4.	Membership
5.	Subscriptions and Purchases
6.	Term and Termination; Account Deletion
7.	Content Restrictions
8.	Code of Conduct
9.	Licenses Granted by You
10.	Your Representations and Warranties
11.	Indemnification
12.	Third Party Copyrights and Other Rights
13.	Disclaimers
14.	Limitation of Liability
15.	Compliance Notice Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2257
16.	General Provisions
1. Who May Use the Vimeo Service
AGE REQUIREMENT: You must be at least 13 years old to use the Vimeo Service. If you are at least 13, but are still a minor (this depends on where you live), you must have your parent or legal guardian's permission to use the Vimeo Service. Please have him or her read this Agreement with you.
NOTICE TO PARENTS AND GUARDIANS: By granting your child permission to use the Vimeo Service, you agree to the terms of this Agreement on behalf of your child. You are responsible for monitoring and supervising your child's use of the Vimeo Service. If your child is using the Vimeo Service and is either under 13 or does not have your permission, please contact us immediately so that we can disable his or her access. If you have questions about whether the Vimeo Service is appropriate for your child, please review our Frequently Asked Questions or contact us.
WARNING: Even if you are old enough to use the Vimeo Service and/or have your parent's or guardian's permission, some of the content available within the Vimeo Service may not be appropriate for you. Some content may contain "R-rated" material, nudity, profanity, and mature subject matter. If you are under 18, do not view such content.
2. License to Use the Vimeo Service
LICENSE: Vimeo grants you a limited, non-exclusive license to access and use the Vimeo Service for your own personal, non-commercial purposes. This includes the right to view content available on the Vimeo Service. This license is personal to you and may not be assigned or sublicensed to anyone else.
COMMERCIAL USE: You may not use the Vimeo Service for commercial purposes unless:
•	You are a Vimeo PRO or Vimeo Business user, in which case you may use and access the Vimeo Service for commercial and non-commercial purposes, subject to compliance with the Vimeo Guidelines; or
•	You are a small-scale independent production company, non-profit, or artist, in which case you may use the Vimeo Service to showcase or promote your own creative works.
If you sell Vimeo-hosted videos directly to users other than through Vimeo On Demand, such usage will be deemed an "Application" under our API Terms (whether you use our API or not) and will be subject to our API Terms.
RESTRICTIONS: Except as expressly permitted by Vimeo in writing, you will not scrape, reproduce, redistribute, sell, create derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the Vimeo Service or any source code therein. Nor will you attempt to circumvent any of Vimeo's technical measures or take any measures to interfere with or damage the Vimeo Service. All rights not expressly granted by Vimeo are reserved.
MOBILE APP: Your use of the Vimeo Service through one of our mobile applications is also subject to our Mobile App Addendum.
3. Privacy
Your privacy rights are set forth in our Privacy Policy, which forms a part of this Agreement. Please review the Privacy Policy to learn about:
•	What information we may collect about you;
•	What we use that information for; and
•	With whom we share that information.
4. Membership
REGISTRATION: To fully use the Vimeo Service, you must register as a member by providing a user name, password, and valid email address. You must provide complete and accurate registration information to Vimeo and notify us if your information changes. If you are a business, government, or non-profit entity, the person whose email address is associated with the account must have the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement.
USER NAME: We encourage you to use your real name. If you are a business, government, or non-profit entity, you must use the actual name of your organization. You may not use someone else's name, a name that violates any third party right, or a name that is obscene or otherwise objectionable.
ACCOUNT SECURITY: You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your account, including any activity by authorized or unauthorized users. You must not allow others to use your account credentials and you must safeguard the confidentiality of those credentials. If you are using a computer that others have access to, you must log out of your account after using the Vimeo Service. If you become aware of an unauthorized access to your account, you must change your password and notify us immediately.
SEAT ACCESS: If you are a PRO or Business subscriber, you may grant access to your account to other Vimeo members subject to a seat limit. You are responsible for the actions of those persons insofar as your account is concerned. If you are a Vimeo member who has been granted access to a PRO or Business account, you must comply with the terms of this Agreement in accessing that account.
5. Subscriptions and Purchases
VIMEO PLUS, PRO AND BUSINESS: In addition to offering Basic (free) Vimeo memberships, we offer Vimeo Plus, PRO, and Vimeo Business subscriptions. Please see our subscription pages for current Plus, PRO, and Business features and pricing. Features and prices are subject to change. Storage limits are calculated based upon source files. We reserve the right to charge for excessive use of bandwidth where plays occur on third-party sites and applications outside the native Vimeo player or apps. Anyone who wishes to obtain storage capacity beyond what is offered with the Vimeo Business subscription, or additional bandwidth for applications not using the Vimeo player may request a custom account by contacting us here: vimeo.com/help/contact. Additional terms and conditions (to be shown prior to purchase) apply to custom accounts. All fees may be subject to taxes.
CANCELATION AND REFUNDS: Users who purchase annual subscriptions have thirty (30) days after their purchase to cancel and receive a full refund. Users who purchase monthly subscriptions have five (5) days after purchase to cancel and receive a full refund. After the cancelation period ends, all purchases are final and all fees paid are non-refundable, even if your account is later terminated by Vimeo. If your account is terminated due to your breach of this Agreement during the relevant cancelation period, you will not be refunded. If you have questions, please contact us.
RENEWALS: Subject to the terms hereof, you may choose to renew your subscription at the end of the subscription period. By default, all subscriptions are set to automatically renew for the same period of time as the original subscription. You may decline to renew at any time prior to the commencement of a renewal subscription. Vimeo reserves the right to deny subscriptions, renewals, and other purchases for any reason. Unused storage, plays, and other limits do not roll over to subsequent subscription periods.
END OF SUBSCRIPTION: When a Vimeo Plus, PRO, or Business subscription ends, the account automatically becomes a Basic (free) account and Vimeo may disable access to or delete any content to comply with Basic account limits. If you're using Vimeo for commercial purposes, you will need to maintain a Vimeo PRO, Business, or custom plan to continue hosting your videos. Your account and its content may be deleted if your subscription is not renewed.
OTHER PURCHASES: Purchases of other products and services through the Vimeo Service are subject to our Payment Addendumand to other terms and conditions that are presented to you at the time of purchase.
6. Term and Termination; Account Deletion
TERM: This Agreement begins on the date you first use the Vimeo Service and continues as long as you have an account with us.
ACCOUNT DELETION: You may delete your account at any time. Basic accounts may be deleted from the Vimeo Service if they remain inactive (i.e., the user fails to log in) for a continuous period of at least six (6) months. Subscription accounts will remain active until the end of the subscription term and any renewal term.
TERMINATION FOR BREACH: Vimeo may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) or block or remove any content you submitted if Vimeo determines that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage Vimeo's reputation and goodwill.  If Vimeo deletes your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for the Vimeo Service. Vimeo may block your email address and Internet protocol address to prevent further registration.
EFFECT OF TERMINATION/ACCOUNT DELETION: Upon termination, all licenses granted by Vimeo will terminate. Sections 6 and 11 though 16 shall survive termination. In the event of account deletion for any reason, content that you submitted may no longer be available. Vimeo shall not be responsible for the loss of such content.
7. Content Restrictions
You may not upload, post, or transmit (collectively, "submit") any video, image, text, audio recording, or other work (collectively, "content") that:
•	Infringes any third party's copyrights or other rights (e.g., trademark, privacy rights, etc.);
•	Contains sexually explicit content or pornography (provided, however, that non-sexual nudity is permitted);
•	Contains hateful, defamatory, or discriminatory content or incites hatred against any individual or group;
•	Exploits minors;
•	Depicts unlawful acts or extreme violence;
•	Depicts animal cruelty or extreme violence towards animals;
•	Promotes fraudulent or dubious business schemes; or
•	Violates any law.
All videos you submit must also comply with the Vimeo Guidelines, which are incorporated into this Agreement.
8. Code of Conduct
In using the Vimeo Service, you must behave in a civil and respectful manner at all times. Further, you will not:
•	Act in a deceptive manner by, among other things, impersonating any person;
•	Harass or stalk any other person;
•	Harm or exploit minors;
•	Distribute "spam";
•	Collect information about others; or
•	Advertise or solicit others to purchase any product or service within the Vimeo Site (unless you are an official Vimeo partner or advertiser and have a written agreement with Vimeo).
Vimeo has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor all conduct on and content submitted to the Vimeo Service.
9. Licenses Granted by You
9.1 Videos
LICENSE TO VIMEO: As between you and Vimeo, you own the video content ("videos") that you submit to the Vimeo Service. By submitting a video, you grant Vimeo and its affiliates a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to copy, transmit, distribute, publicly perform and display (through all media now known or hereafter created), and make derivative works from your video for the purpose of (i) displaying the video within the Vimeo Service; (ii) displaying the video on third party websites and applications through a video embed or Vimeo's API subject to your video privacy choices; (iii) allowing other users to play, download, and embed on third party websites the video, subject to your video privacy choices; (iii) promoting the Vimeo Service, provided that you have made the video publicly available; and (iv) archiving or preserving the video for disputes, legal proceedings, or investigations.
LICENSE TO OTHER USERS: You further grant all users of the Vimeo Service permission to view your videos for their personal, non-commercial purposes. This includes the right to copy and make derivative works from the videos solely to the extent necessary to view the videos. The foregoing licenses are in addition to any license you may decide to grant (e.g., a Creative Commons license).
DURATION OF LICENSES: The above licenses will continue unless and until you remove your videos from the Vimeo Service, in which case the licenses will terminate within a commercially reasonable period of time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the license for legal archival/preservation purposes will continue indefinitely. Please note that removed videos may be cached in search engine indices after removal and that Vimeo has no control over such caching.
9.2 Non-video Content
As between you and Vimeo, you own all non-video content that you submit to the Vimeo Service. You grant Vimeo and its affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to copy, transmit, distribute, publicly perform and display (through all media now known or hereafter created), and make derivative works from your non-video content. In addition, you waive any so-called "moral rights" in your non-video content. You further grant all users of the Vimeo Service permission to view your non-video content for their personal, non-commercial purposes. If you make suggestions to Vimeo on improving or adding new features to the Vimeo Service, Vimeo shall have the right to use your suggestions without any compensation to you.
10. Your Representations and Warranties
For each piece of content that you submit, you represent and warrant that: (i) you have the right to submit the content to Vimeo and grant the licenses set forth above; (ii) Vimeo will not need to obtain licenses from any third party or pay royalties to any third party; (iii) the content does not infringe any third party's rights, including intellectual property rights and privacy rights; and (iv) the content complies with this Agreement and all applicable laws.
11. Indemnification
You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Vimeo and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents, from and against all third party actions that: (i) arise from your activities on the Vimeo Service; (ii) assert a violation by you of any term of this Agreement; or (iii) assert that any content you submitted to Vimeo violates any law or infringes any third party right, including any intellectual property or privacy right.
12. Third Party Copyrights and Other Rights
Vimeo respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your copyright has been infringed, please send us a notice as set forth in our Copyright and DMCA Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement. For other intellectual property claims, please send us a notice at legal[at]vimeo[dot]com.
13. Disclaimers
Vimeo reserves the right to modify the Vimeo Service. You are responsible for providing your own access (e.g., computer, mobile device, Internet connection, etc.) to the Vimeo Service. Vimeo has no obligation to screen or monitor any content and does not guarantee that any content available on the Vimeo Service complies with this Agreement or is suitable for all users.
Vimeo provides the Vimeo Service on an "as is" and "as available" basis. You therefore use the Vimeo Service at your own risk. Vimeo expressly disclaims any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and any other warranty that might arise under any law. Without limiting the foregoing, Vimeo makes no representations or warranties:
•	That the Vimeo Service will be permitted in your jurisdiction;
•	That the Vimeo Service will be uninterrupted or error-free;
•	Concerning any content submitted by any member;
•	Concerning any third party's use of content that you submit;
•	That any content you submit will be made available on the Vimeo Service or will be stored by Vimeo;
•	That the Vimeo Service will meet your business or professional needs;
•	That Vimeo will continue to support any particular feature of the Vimeo Service; or
•	Concerning sites and resources outside of the Vimeo Service, even if linked to from the Vimeo Service.
To the extent any disclaimer or limitation of liability does not apply, all applicable express, implied, and statutory warranties will be limited in duration to a period of thirty (30) days after the date on which you first used the Vimeo Service, and no warranties shall apply after such period.
14. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law: (i) Vimeo shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses; and (ii) Vimeo's total liability to you shall not exceed the amounts paid by you to Vimeo over the twelve (12) months preceding your claim(s).
15. Compliance Notice Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2257
All pictures, graphics, videos, and other visual media displayed on the Vimeo Service are exempt from 18 U.S.C. § 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 because they do not consist of depictions of conduct as specifically listed in 18 U.S.C. § 2256 (2) (A) - (D), but are merely, at most, depictions of non-sexually explicit nudity, or are depictions of simulated sexual conduct, or are otherwise exempt because the visual depictions were created prior to July 3, 1995. Vimeo is not the primary producer of the visual content contained in the Vimeo Service.
16. General Provisions
GOVERNING LAW: This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The Uniform Commercial Code, the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act, and the United Nations Convention of Controls for International Sale of Goods shall not apply.
DISPUTES: Any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or your use of the Vimeo Service must be commenced in the state or federal courts located in New York County, New York, United States of America (and you consent to the jurisdiction of those courts). In any such action, Vimeo and you irrevocably waive any right to a trial by jury.
INTERPRETATION; SEVERABILITY; WAIVER; REMEDIES: Headings are for convenience only and shall not be used to construe the terms of this Agreement. If any term of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, that term will be severed from this Agreement. No failure or delay by Vimeo in exercising any right hereunder will waive any further exercise of that right. Vimeo's rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive.
SUCCESSORS; ASSIGNMENT; NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES: This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of both parties and their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, and permitted assigns. You may not assign this Agreement without Vimeo's prior written consent. No third party shall have any rights hereunder.
NOTICES: You consent to receive all communications including notices, agreements, disclosures, or other information from Vimeo electronically. Vimeo may provide all such communications by email or by posting them on the Vimeo Service. For support-related inquiries, you may contact us. You may send notices of a legal nature to Vimeo at legal[at]vimeo[dot]com or the following address:
Vimeo, Inc. 555 West 18th Street New York, New York 10011 Attention: Legal Department
Nothing herein shall limit Vimeo's right to object to subpoenas, claims, or other demands.
MODIFICATION: This Agreement may not be modified except by a revised Terms of Service posted by Vimeo on the Vimeo Site or a written amendment signed by an authorized representative of Vimeo. A revised Terms of Service will be effective as of the date it is posted on the Vimeo Site.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This Agreement incorporates the following documents by reference:
•	Privacy Policy
•	Cookie Policy
•	Vimeo Guidelines
•	Mobile App Addendum
•	Payment Addendum
•	Government Entity Addendum
•	Copyright and DMCA Policy
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between Vimeo and you concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings regarding the same. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement does not govern any use of Vimeo's application protocol interface (API), which is governed by our API Agreement.
END OF DOCUMENT. Have a nice day.


Terms of use
Please read these terms of use carefully before using the services offered by vivino. These terms of use set forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the website at http://www.vivino.com (the "site") and the services, features, content, applications or widgets offered by vivino (collectively with the site, the "service").

Last Updated: September 16, 2015

Acceptance of Terms
By registering for and/or using the Service in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing the Site, you agree to all of the terms and conditions contained herein ("Terms of Use"), and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site by Vivino, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated by Vivino from time to time without notice to you in accordance with the terms set out under the "Modification of Terms of Use" section below. In addition, some services offered through the Service may be subject to additional terms and conditions specified by Vivino from time to time; your use of such services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference. These Terms of Use apply to all users of the Service, including, without limitation, users who are contributors of content, information, and other materials or services on the Site, individual users of the Service, venues that access the Service, and users that have a page on the Service

Access
Subject to these Terms of Use, Vivino may offer to provide the Services, as described more fully on the Site, and which are selected by you, solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. Services shall include, but not be limited to, any services Vivino performs for you, any applications or widgets offered by Vivino that you download from the Site or, subject to the terms set out under the "Third party Sites and Services" section below, from third party application stores (e.g., iTunes® store, Blackberry App World™, or Google Apps Marketplace) authorized by Vivino, as well as the offering of any materials displayed or performed on or through the Services (including Content (as defined below)).

Registration and Eligibility
You may browse the Site and view Content without registering, but as a condition to using certain aspects of the Service, you are required to register with Vivino and represent, warrant and covenant that you provide Vivino with accurate, truthful, and complete registration information (including, but not limited to your name ("User Name"), e-mail address and a password you will use to access the Service) and to keep your registration information accurate and up-to-date.

You shall not:

provide any false personal information to Vivino (including a false User Name) or create any account for anyone other than yourself without such person's permission;
use a User Name that is the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person;
use a User Name or Vivino account that is subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or
use a User Name that is a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene or otherwise unlawful.
Vivino reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a User Name in its sole discretion. You are solely responsible and liable for activity that occurs on your account and shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Vivino password. You shall never use another user's account without such other user's prior express permission. You will immediately notify Vivino in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware.

You represent and warrant that if you are an individual, you are of legal age to form a binding contract, or that if you are registering on behalf of an entity, that you are authorized to enter into, and bind the entity to, these Terms of Use and register for the Service. Vivino may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Terms of Use are in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the Service is revoked where these Terms of Use or use of the Service is prohibited and, in such circumstances, you agree not to use or access the Site or Services in any way.

Notifications and Service Messages
You agree that we may provide notices to you via banners on the Service, or an email sent to an address you provided, or through other means. You agree to keep your contact information up to date. If the contact information you provide isn't up to date, you may miss out on these notices.

Please review your settings regularly to control and limit what kind of messages you receive from us.

Content
All Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. Vivino cannot guarantee the authenticity of any Content or data which users may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible and liable for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. For purposes of these Terms of Use, the term "Content" includes, without limitation, prices, any location information, wine spottings, videos, comments, likes, ratings, information and data generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible by Vivino on or through the Service. Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Service by users is collectively referred to as, "User Submissions." The average price displayed for a wine is based on prices submitted by Vivino users and, if available, prices from online retailers.

The average price is only indicative. For official prices please refer to the price displayed by each retailer if available.

Vivino Content
The Service contains Content specifically provided by Vivino or its partners and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws, as applicable. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service.

Subject to these Terms of Use, Vivino grants each user of the Site and/or Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use, modify and reproduce the Content, solely for personal, non-commercial use. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for other than personal, non-commercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Vivino, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice, as applicable. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial (whether or not for profit) use or in any way that violates any third party right.

User Submissions
By submitting User Submissions on the Site or otherwise through the Service, you hereby do and shall grant Vivino a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, copy, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Submissions in connection with the Site, the Service and Vivino's (and its successors and assigns') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site (and derivative works thereof) or the Service in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds). You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Site and/or the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Site and the Service, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions. For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Vivino does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Submission(s), including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submission(s), unless otherwise agreed in writing with Vivino.

You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such license to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.

You understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Site is the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated; that Vivino will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any Content; and that Vivino cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Service.

When you delete your User Submissions, they will be removed from the Service. However, you understand that any removed User Submissions may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but following removal will not be shared with others) or may remain with users who have previously accessed or downloaded your User Submissions.

Rules and Conduct
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Service for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms of Use. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Service.

By way of example, and not as a limitation, you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a)take any action or (b)upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including without limitation any User Submission, that:

infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty;
you know is false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate;
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by Vivino in its sole discretion;
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail ("spamming");
other than appropriate use of an Add-to Link, involves commercial activities (whether or not for profit) and/or sales without Vivino's prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, worms, logic bombs or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, disable, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of Vivino or any third party;
impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of Vivino;
includes anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information; or
Vivino has a zero-tolerance policy against child pornography, and will terminate and report to the appropriate authorities any user who publishes or distributes child pornography.

You shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by Vivino in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Vivino's (or its third party providers') infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service or any activities conducted on the Service; (iii) bypass any measures Vivino may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service); (iv) run any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Service; (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to "crawl" or "spider" any page of the Site; (vi) harvest or scrape any Content from the Service; or (vii) otherwise take any action in violation of Vivino's guidelines and policies.

You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Service (including without limitation any application or widget), except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Service, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder. You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.

Vivino does not guarantee that any Content or User Submissions (as defined above) will be made available on the Site or through the Service. Vivino has no obligation to monitor the Site, Service, Content, or User Submissions. However, Vivino reserves the right to (i) remove, suspend, edit or modify any Content in its sole discretion, including without limitation any User Submissions at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if Vivino is concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Use), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove, suspend or block any User Submissions from the Service. Vivino also reserves the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as Vivino reasonably believes is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Vivino, its users and the public.

Termination
Vivino may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership. If you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Site. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. All provisions of these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Warranty Disclaimer
Save to the extent required by law, Vivino has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Vivino has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Service; what Content you access via the Service; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content.

You release Vivino from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Service. The Service may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Vivino makes no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Service, and Vivino will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Service.

THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT AND ADD-TO LINK ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, SAVE TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW.

VIVINO, AND ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (C) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR (D) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, SERVICE, CONTENT AND ADD-TO LINK IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. SOME STATES / COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Electronic Communications Privacy Act Notice (18 USC 2701-2711): Vivino makes no guaranty of confidentiality or privacy of any communication or information transmitted on the Service or any website linked to the Service. Vivino will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other Content stored on Vivino's equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by the Site, or otherwise connected with your use of the Service.

Indemnification
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Vivino, its affiliates and each of its, and its affiliates employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all losses, costs, actions, claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable legal costs) or liabilities, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Site or otherwise from your User Submissions, violation of these Terms of Use, or infringement by you, or any third party using the your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity (save to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such claim arose due to an act or omission of Vivino). Vivino reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with Vivino in asserting any available defenses.

Limitation of Liability
ALL LIABILITY OF VIVINO, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS HOWSOEVER ARISING FOR ANY LOSS SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT, USER SUBMISSIONS OR ADD-TO LINK IS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SAVE THAT, IF A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION DETERMINES THAT LIABILITY OF VIVINO, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS (AS APPLICABLE) HAS ARISEN, THE TOTAL OF SUCH LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED IN AGGREGATE TO ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS ($100).

IN NO EVENT SHALL VIVINO, NOR ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY OR OTHERWISE (AND WHETHER OR NOT VIVINO, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS HAD PRIOR KNOWLEDGE OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE) WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, SERVICE, CONTENT, USER SUBMISSIONS OR ADD-TO LINK FOR:

INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES;
LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS;
LOSS OF REVENUE;
LOSS OF GOODWILL;
LOSS OF DATA;
LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS;
WASTED EXPENDITURE; OR
COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUE GOODS OR SERVICES.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE DEEMED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT YOUR LIABILITY IN RESPECT OF ANY INDEMNITY GIVEN BY YOU UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE.

SOLELY IN RESPECT OF USERS LOCATED IN EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) AND/OR AUSTRALIA, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE DEEMED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR OR YOUR LIABILITY (AS APPLICABLE) IN RESPECT OF:

DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING AS A RESULT OF OUR OR YOUR NEGLIGENCE (AS APPLICABLE);
FRAUD (INCLUDING FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION), THEFT OR OTHER CRIMINAL ACTIVITY; OR
ANY BREACH OF ANY OBLIGATIONS IMPLIED BY SECTION 12 OF THE SALE OF GOODS ACT 1979 OR SECTION 2 OF THE SUPPLY OF GOODS AND SERVICES ACT 1982.
Dispute Resolution &amp; Governing Law.
A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. You and Vivino agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose; otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.

Save for users located in the EEA and/or Australia, the following arbitration and governing law provisions shall apply:

These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts of law rules, and the United States of America. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms of Use shall be finally settled by arbitration in New York County, New York, using the English language in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS. The prevailing party in any arbitration or other proceeding arising under these Terms of Use shall be entitled to receive reimbursement of its reasonable expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and all other expenses) incurred in connection therewith. Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator. For all purposes of these Terms of Use, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the United States Federal Courts or state courts located in the Southern District of New York. Use of the Service is not authorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms of Use, including without limitation, this section.
Solely in respect of users located in the EEA and/or Australia, the following governing law provisions shall apply: These Terms of Use and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England. All disputes or claims arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts to which the Parties irrevocably submit.
Government Use
The use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure or transfer of the software, application or widget is restricted in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations as applied to civilian agencies and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as applied to military agencies. Any such software, application or widget is a "commercial item," "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation." In accordance with such provisions, any use of any such software, application or widget shall be governed solely by these Terms of Use.

Integration and Severability
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and Vivino with respect to the Service and use of the Site, Service, Content or User Submissions and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and Vivino with respect to the Site. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Use will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.

Modification of Terms of Use
Vivino reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms of Use, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Site or by sending you notice through the Service or via email. Vivino may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Cancellation of these Terms of Use
In respect of users located in the EEA who wish to receive Services, and/or provide User Submissions, and/or provide or access Content via the Site, such users may have a right to cancel these Terms of Use under the European Distance Selling Directive (97/7/EC) ("Directive") within 7 days of accepting these Terms of Use solely to the extent such right applies under the Directive to such users, save that if such right to cancel applies, it shall cease to exist from the time of actual use of the Services, and/or provision of the User Submissions, and/or provision or access of Content via the Site by such users.

Miscellaneous
Vivino shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Vivino's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference). These Terms of Use are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Vivino's prior written consent. Vivino may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations hereunder without consent. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of these Terms of Use and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.

Unless otherwise specified in these Term of Use, all notices under these Terms of Use will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.

Solely in respect of users located in the EEA and/or Australia, in respect of these Terms of Use and your use of this Site, Service, Content or User Submissions, nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to grant any rights or benefits to any person, other than us and you (and our and your respective successors in title or assignees), or entitle any third party to enforce any provision hereof, and we and you agree that we do not intend that any provision of these Terms of Use should be enforceable by a third party by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

Language
Where Vivino has provided you with a translation of the English language version of these Terms of Use, then you agree that the translation is provided for your convenience only and that the English language versions of the Terms will govern your relationship with Vivino.

If there is any contradiction between what the English language version of these Terms of Use says and what a translation says, then the English language version shall take precedence.

Contact
You may contact Vivino at the following address: Vivino, Njalsgade 21 E, 2. sal, DK-2300 Copenhagen, Denmark
WECHAT – TERMS OF SERVICE
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to WeChat!

Your use of WeChat is subject to these Terms of Service (these "Terms"). Thank you for reviewing these Terms – we hope you enjoy using WeChat.

If you have any questions about, or if you wish to send us any notices in relation to, these Terms, please contact us by going to “Me” -> “Settings” -> “Help & Feedback” from within WeChat or by visiting help.wechat.com.

Compliance with these Terms

These Terms apply to you if you are a user of WeChat anywhere in the world, except if you belong in any of the following categories: (a) a user of Weixin or WeChat in the People’s Republic of China; (b) a citizen of the People’s Republic of China using Weixin or WeChat anywhere in the world; or (c) a Chinese-incorporated company using Weixin or WeChat anywhere in the world. If you belong to any of these categories, please refer to the Terms of Service (PRC Users) for the terms that apply to you.** For the purposes of these Terms, a reference to “People’s Republic of China” does not include a reference to Taiwan, Hong Kong or Macau. If you are a user of Weixin or WeChat and are located in Taiwan, Hong Kong or Macau, and are not in categories (b) or (c) above, these Terms apply to you.

Please review these Terms and our policies and instructions to understand how you can and cannot use WeChat. You must comply with these Terms in your use of WeChat and only use WeChat as permitted by applicable laws and regulations, wherever you may be when you use them. In some countries, there are restrictions on your use of WeChat – it is your responsibility to ensure that you are legally allowed to use WeChat where you are located, and certain WeChat functionalities may not be available in some countries.

By using WeChat, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not use WeChat.

Other general terms in relation to these Terms

If you are under the age of 13, you must not use WeChat. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 (or the relevant age in your jurisdiction where you are considered a minor), your parent or guardian must agree to these Terms (both for themselves and on your behalf) before you can use WeChat.

If you are using WeChat on behalf of a company, partnership, association, government or other organisation (your “Organisation”), you warrant that you are authorised to do so and that you are authorised to bind your Organisation to these Terms. In such circumstances, “you” will include your Organisation.

We may translate these Terms into multiple languages. If there is any difference between the English version and any other language version of these Terms, the English version will apply (to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations).

"WeChat"

For the purposes of these Terms, any reference in these Terms to "WeChat" refers to WeChat and all WeChat-related services provided by or on behalf of us or our affiliate companies from time to time, including the following services:

WeChat;

WeChat Mini Programs Platform;

WeChat Developers Platform;

Official Account Admin Platform;

WeChat Out; and

WeChat Pay.

Contracting Entity

By using WeChat, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms between you and:

(i) if you are a user located within the European Economic Area or Switzerland (“European Union” or “EU”), Tencent International Services Europe BV, a Dutch company located at 26.04 on the 26th floor of Amstelplein 54, 1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands; or

(ii) if you are a user located outside the EU, Tencent International Service Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903,

(in each case, “we”, “our” and “us”).

We may specify in certain of our WeChat service-specific terms that you are contracting with one of our affiliate companies (instead of Tencent International Services Europe BV or Tencent International Service Pte. Ltd., as applicable) in relation to your use of the relevant WeChat service or feature to which the relevant service-specific terms apply. Where this is the case, the relevant contracting entity will be identified in the relevant WeChat service-specific terms, and these Terms (including those relevant service-specific terms) will apply between you and that identified contracting entity in relation to your use of the relevant WeChat service or feature.

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND POLICIES
We offer a diverse range of services and features within WeChat, so there are additional terms and policies that may be applicable to your use of all or part of WeChat (the "Additional Terms"). We will notify you of the Additional Terms from time to time, including as set out in this section and otherwise from time to time within WeChat. These Additional Terms all form part of and are incorporated into these Terms.

WeChat policies

The following policies are Additional Terms that you must comply with in using WeChat:

WeChat Privacy Policy – which sets out how we collect, store and use your personal information, as well as our policy on the use of tracking technologies.

WeChat Acceptable Use Policy – which sets out rules of good behaviour applicable to your use of WeChat.

Copyright Policy – which sets out how we deal with intellectual property rights-related complaints in accordance with the DMCA.

Terms applicable to specific WeChat features

Some of our services and features have Additional Terms specific to their use. You must comply with such Additional Terms (as well as these Terms) in your use of such services and features. Such service-specific Additional Terms include:

Sticker Licence Agreement – governing your use of Stickers (as defined in such agreement) within WeChat.

WeChat Developers Platform Use Agreement – governing your use of the WeChat Developers Platform.

WeChat e-Commerce Agreement and/or WeChat Official Account Admin Platform Merchant Function Agreement – governing your use of WeChat's e-commerce services.

WeChat Official Account Admin Platform User Agreement – governing your use of the WeChat Official Account Admin Platform.

WeChat Out Terms of Service – governing your use of WeChat Out.

WeChat Pay System User Service Agreement – governing your use of WeChat Pay.

Additional country-specific terms

If you are a citizen or a habitual resident of the following countries, the following country-specific Additional Terms will also apply to your use of WeChat:

USA.

Australia.

European Union.

Inconsistencies

Subject to the next paragraph and except as otherwise expressly specified within these Terms or any Additional Terms – to the extent that any Additional Terms conflict with these Terms, the relevant Additional Terms will apply to the extent of the conflict.

CHANGES
We may make changes to these Terms (and any applicable Additional Terms) over time (for example, to reflect technical improvements and changes to WeChat (for example, to address a security threat) or applicable laws and regulations (for example, to reflect applicable consumer rights)), so please come back and review these Terms regularly.

Where we consider that such changes are reasonably material, we will (where reasonably practicable) notify you (via http://www.wechat.com, direct communication to you, on this page or the relevant page for the relevant additional terms or policy, or other means), prior to such changes becoming effective. By continuing to use WeChat after we make any changes to these Terms, you are agreeing to be bound by the revised Terms.

CHANGES TO WECHAT
As WeChat and user experiences are constantly evolving, we may from time to time:

add, change or remove features or services from WeChat (including in relation to whether a feature or service is free of charge or not); and/or

suspend, discontinue or terminate WeChat altogether.

You agree that we may take any such actions at any time. Where we consider that any changes to WeChat or any services or features accessible within WeChat are reasonably material, we will (where reasonably practicable) notify you (via http://www.wechat.com, direct communication to you, on this page or the relevant page for the relevant additional terms or policy, or other means), prior to such changes becoming effective.

YOUR ACCOUNT
You need to create an account with us in order to access and use WeChat. Any account that you open with us is personal to you and you are prohibited from gifting, lending, transferring or otherwise permitting any other person to access or use your account. Your account name, user ID and other identifiers you adopt within WeChat remains our property and we can disable, reclaim and reuse these once your account is terminated or deactivated for whatever reason by either you or us.

You are responsible for: (a) safeguarding your account details, including any passwords used to access your account and WeChat, and (b) all use of WeChat under your account, including any purchases made and/or payment obligations arising under your account. You must promptly notify us by going to "Me" -> "Settings" -> "Help & Feedback" from within the WeChat app or by visiting http://help.wechat.com if you know or suspect that your password or account has been compromised. We will regard all use of your account on WeChat as being by you, except where we have received a valid and –properly received notification to us regarding your account or password being compromised.

We may allow you to register for and login to WeChat using sign-on functionalities provided by third party platforms, such as Facebook or Google. You agree to comply with the relevant third party platform's terms and conditions applicable to your use of such functionalities (in addition to these Terms).

PAYMENTS
You may, from time to time, make payments to us or third parties as part of your use of WeChat (including for the provision of WeChat or provision of certain additional features within WeChat). We may set out further terms applying to such payments (including in relation to refunds (if any), billing arrangements and any consequences of failing to make timely payments). You must comply with all such terms in relation to your payments to us. You agree that you are solely responsible for all fees and taxes associated with any such payments. and that pricing and availability of Items and products are subject to change at any time.

We may from time to time make available payment methods to you for automatic, recurring or subscription-based charges. Where we do so, you agree that (subject to applicable laws and regulations):

such purchases or payments are generally made by you on an advance basis. Unless the purchase was on a subscription basis, we will notify you prior to any automatic renewals;

you authorise us to: (a) save your chosen payment method's information (e.g. credit card information) on our systems; and (b) bill your chosen payment method for the relevant time-periods as chosen by or notified to you;

if any payment made via your chosen payment method is rejected, denied or returned unpaid for any reason: (a) we may not provide you with, or suspend our provision of, the relevant WeChat product or service until payment is properly processed; and (b) you are liable to us for any fees, costs, expenses or other amounts we incur arising from such rejection, denial or return (and we may automatically charge you for such amounts); and

we will provide you with further instructions within WeChat regarding how you may update or cancel the relevant payment method.

We may change any fees that we charge for WeChat (or any parts of WeChat) at any time upon publication within WeChat. 
If you do not accept such change to the fees, we may be unable to provide WeChat (or the relevant part of WeChat) to you.
SUBJECT TO MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR AS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED BY US IN THESE TERMS OR FOR A PARTICULAR ITEM OR SERVICE WITHIN WECHAT, IN NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY PAYMENTS MADE BY YOU TO US IN RELATION TO ANY ITEMS OR SERVICE WITHIN WECHAT (WHETHER USED OR UNUSED).

If you believe that we have charged you in error, and subject to applicable laws and regulations: (a) you must contact us within 30 days of the date of the relevant charge; and (b) no refunds will be given for any erroneous charges after such 30 days period. We may process payments from you in WeChat via a third party service, and we may provide your relevant Information to such third parties to process your payments. You agree to comply with that relevant third party's terms and conditions in relation to the payment processing service, as further set out in the "Third Party Content and Services" section below.

YOUR CONTENT
When you submit, upload, transmit or display any data, information, media or other content in connection with your use of WeChat (“Your Content”), you understand and agree that:

you will continue to own and be responsible for Your Content;

we will not sell Your Content to any third party;

you are giving us and our affiliate companies a perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide licence to use Your Content (with no fees or charges payable by us to you) for the purposes of providing, promoting, developing and trying to improve WeChat and our other services, including new services that we may provide in the future. All such use will, to the extent Your Content contains Personal Information, be in accordance with our WeChat Privacy Policy. As part of this licence, we and our affiliate companies may, subject to the our WeChat Privacy Policy, copy, reproduce, host, store, process, adapt, modify, translate, perform, distribute and publish Your Content worldwide in all media and by all distribution methods, including those that are developed in the future;

you grant other WeChat users a non-exclusive licence to access and use Your Content within WeChat, in accordance with these Terms and WeChat's functionalities;

we may share Your Content with third parties that we work with to help provide, promote, develop and improve WeChat in accordance with the WeChat Privacy Policy;

we may use the name that you submit in connection with Your Content (whether that be your account name, real name or otherwise); and

you will comply with these Terms, including our WeChat Acceptable Use Policy, in your submission of Your Content.

In addition, you agree that we and our affiliate companies (subject to these Terms, our WeChat Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations):

are allowed to retain and continue to use Your Content after you stop using WeChat;

may be required to retain or disclose Your Content: (a) in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations; (b) in order to comply with a court order, subpoena or other legal process; (c) in order to respond to a lawful request by a government authority, law enforcement agency or similar body (whether situated in your jurisdiction or elsewhere); or (d) where we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations, in each case whether such applicable law or regulation, legal process or government body is of your jurisdiction or elsewhere;

may be required to retain or disclose Your Content in order to enforce these Terms or to protect any rights, property or safety of ours, our affiliate companies or other users of WeChat.

You understand that even if you seek to delete Your Content from WeChat, it may as a technical and administrative matter take some time or not be possible to achieve this – for example, we may not be able to prevent any third party from storing or using any of Your Content that you have made public via WeChat. Further information on your rights in relation to Your Content are set out in our WeChat Privacy Policy.

We reserve the right to block or remove Your Content for any reason, including as is in our opinion appropriate, as required by applicable laws and regulations or in accordance with the Copyright Policy.

Responsibility for Your Content

You are solely responsible for Your Content. We are not responsible for maintaining a backup of Your Content - we recommend that you keep a back-up copy of it at all times.

You must at all times ensure that: (a) you have the rights required to copy, process, transmit, access, publish, display and use Your Content, and to grant us and other third parties the rights as set out in these Terms; and (b) Your Content (and our use of Your Content in accordance with these Terms) does not infringe or violate any applicable laws or regulations or the rights of any person.

INFRINGEMENT OF RIGHTS
We comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable to Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. §512, as amended) (the "DMCA"). If you have an intellectual property rights-related complaint about any content posted in WeChat, please follow the instructions set out in our Copyright Policy.

THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for and we do not endorse, support or guarantee the lawfulness, accuracy or reliability of any content submitted to, transmitted or displayed by or linked by WeChat, including content provided by users of WeChat or by our advertisers. You acknowledge and agree that by using WeChat, you may be exposed to content which is inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, offensive or unlawful. Any reliance on or use of any content on or accessible from WeChat by you is at your own risk. Your use of WeChat does not give you any rights in or to any content you may access or obtain in connection with your use of WeChat.

We also do not guarantee the quality, reliability or suitability of any third party services, programs (including any Mini Programs as made available on the WeChat Mini Programs Platform) or websites provided, made available, advertised or linked through WeChat (including any of WeChat's associated platforms or services) and we will bear no responsibility for your use of or relationship with any such third parties services, programs or websites, including any payment obligations or fees that you may incur in your use of such third party services or websites.

We may review (but make no commitment to review) content (including any content posted by WeChat users) or third party programs or services made available through WeChat to determine whether or not they comply with our policies, applicable laws and regulations or are otherwise objectionable. We may remove or refuse to make available or link to certain content or third party programs or services if they infringe intellectual property rights, are obscene, defamatory or abusive, violate any rights or pose any risk to the security or performance of WeChat.

There may be, from time to time, third party content, programs and/or services on WeChat that are subject to further terms from that third party – for examples, terms from the relevant third party that originally produced or created such content or service, terms in relation to promotional activities being held on WeChat, terms relating to your use of third party-provided WeChat login functionality or terms governing your use of any Mini Programs provided by a third party. You are solely responsible for reviewing and complying with any such third party terms and conditions.

We have the right to remove, at our sole discretion and without notice to you, any content, programs and/or services that are made available within WeChat (including any of WeChat's associated platforms or services), in accordance with these Terms.

ADVERTISING CONTENT ON WECHAT
WeChat may include advertising or commercial content. You agree that: (a) we may integrate, display and otherwise communicate advertising or commercial content in WeChat and that (where reasonably practicable) we will identify such advertising or commercial content; and (b) as explained in more detail in our WeChat Privacy Policy, we may use targeted advertising to try to make advertising more relevant and valuable to you.

OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All intellectual property rights in or to WeChat and any WeChat Software (including any future updates, upgrades and new versions to all such WeChat Software), will continue to belong to us and our licensors. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, you have no right to use our intellectual property rights, including our trade marks or product names (for example, “Tencent”, “WeChat” or “QQ”), logos, domain names or other distinctive brand features, without our prior written consent. Any comments or suggestions you may provide regarding WeChat are entirely voluntary and we will be free to use these comments and suggestions at our discretion (including using such comments to improve existing services or create new services) without any payment or other obligation to you.

We grant you a limited, personal, on-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferrable, royalty-free and revocable right to use WeChat and any software from us as part of or in relation to your use of WeChat (any such software being the "WeChat Software"), solely in accordance with these Terms and subject to any other instructions as provided by us to you in relation to your use of WeChat and/or the WeChat Software from time to time. Please note that these terms may be supplemented by terms and conditions applicable to WeChat Software (or specific features within WeChat Software).

You may not copy, modify, create derivative works, reverse compile, reverse engineer or extract source codes from WeChat Software, and you may not sell, distribute, redistribute or sublicense WeChat or the WeChat Software, except in each case to the extent that we may not prohibit you from doing so under applicable laws or regulations or you have our prior written consent to do so. Where applicable laws or regulations entitle you to reverse compile or extract source codes from WeChat Software, you will first contact us to request the information you need.

We may from time to time provide updates to WeChat Software. Such updates may occur automatically or manually. Please note that WeChat Software may not operate properly or at all if upgrades or new versions are not installed by you. We do not guarantee that we will provide any updates for any WeChat Software, or that such updates will continue to support your device or system. All updates to the WeChat Software are part of the WeChat Software and subject to these Terms, except as otherwise specified by us.

For the purposes of these Terms, “WeChat Software” includes any items, content or features (the "Items") within the WeChat Software – for example, Stickers, games or other downloadable items within WeChat, and any content accessed or used by you within WeChat. You must comply with any Additional Terms applicable to any such Items. We will notify you of any such additional terms and conditions within WeChat, within an Appendix to these Terms and/or in another manner. We may grant you a limited right to use these Items upon payment by you of "real world money" as applicable from time to time. You acknowledge that you do not own these Items and the amounts associated with such Items do not refer to any credit balance of real currency or the equivalent. We may eliminate these Items from WeChat at any time, and we have no liability to you in the event that we exercise these rights.

For the purpose of these Terms, "WeChat Software" also includes any APIs we make available to you for use in connection with WeChat or the WeChat Software. You must comply with any Additional Terms applicable to such APIs.

We may in our discretion provide technical support for WeChat (whether for free or for a fee). We provide technical support without any guarantee or warranty of any kind, and subject always to these Terms.

OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE
Certain WeChat Software may contain software that are subject to “open source” licences (the “Open Source Software”). Where we use such Open Source Software, please note that:

there may be provisions in the Open Source Software's licence that expressly override these Terms, in which case such provisions shall prevail to the extent of any conflict with these Terms; and

we will credit the relevant Open Source Software used in WeChat Software within an Appendix to these terms and/or within the relevant WeChat Software.

USE OF YOUR DEVICE BY WECHAT
In order for us to provide WeChat to you, we may require virtual access to and/or use of your relevant device (e.g. mobile phone, tablet or desktop computer) that you use to access WeChat – for example, we may need to use your device's processor and storage to complete the relevant WeChat Software installation, or we may need to access your contact list to provide certain interactive functions within WeChat.

We will provide further information regarding how WeChat uses and accesses your device within WeChat or in another manner (e.g. via the relevant app store as part of the installation process for WeChat on your device). You agree to give us such access to and use of your device, and you acknowledge that if you do not provide us with such right of use or access, we may not be able to provide WeChat (or certain features within WeChat) to you.

Any Personal Information (as defined in the WeChat Privacy Policy) that we use or access within your device will be treated in accordance with these Terms, including our WeChat Privacy Policy.

You may need an adequate internet connection in order to authenticate your WeChat account or use WeChat. You may also be required to activate certain functionalities within WeChat in the manner described within WeChat. You may not be able to use certain functionalities within WeChat if you do not comply with such requirements.

Please note that we are not responsible for any third party charges you incur (including any charges from your internet and telecommunication services providers) in relation to or arising from your use of WeChat or WeChat Software.

THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE AND CONNECTIVITY
You are solely responsible for any software (whether your own software or software supplied by third parties) used by you in connection with your use of WeChat, including any third party software or services made available to you through WeChat, such as Mini Programs made available on the WeChat Mini Programs Platform ("Third Party Software").

Please note that we are not responsible for and are not liable for any damages or losses arising from your use of the Third Party Software and we do not endorse, support or guarantee the quality, reliability or suitability of any Third Party Software. You must comply with any terms and conditions applicable to Third Party Software.

We do not provide any technical support for any Third Party Software. Please contact the relevant supplying third party for such technical support.

You will need an adequate internet connection in order to authenticate your WeChat account or use WeChat. You may also be required to activate certain functionalities within WeChat in the manner described within WeChat. You may not be able to use certain features within WeChat if you do not comply with such requirements.

Please note that we are not responsible for any third party charges you incur (including any charges from your internet and telecommunication services providers) in relation to or arising from your use of WeChat or WeChat Software.

WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER
We warrant to you that we will provide WeChat using reasonable care and skill.

APART FROM THIS WARRANTY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, WECHAT (INCLUDING ANY WECHAT SOFTWARE) IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND NEITHER US NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATE COMPANIES MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OR GIVE ANY UNDERTAKING IN RELATION TO WECHAT, ANY WECHAT SOFTWARE OR ANY DATA, MEDIA OR OTHER CONTENT SUBMITTED, TRANSMITTED OR DISPLAYED BY WECHAT, INCLUDING: (A) ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR UNDERTAKING THAT WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR FREE FROM VIRUSES; (B) THAT WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH YOUR DEVICE; OR (C) THAT WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE WILL BE OF MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NOT INFRINGE THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY PERSON. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, YOU WAIVE ANY AND ALL IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND UNDERTAKINGS.

LIABILITY FOR WECHAT
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF US AND OUR AFFILIATE COMPANIES FOR ALL CLAIMS IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, OR WECHAT (INCLUDING ANY WECHAT SOFTWARE), ARISING OUT OF ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE FOLLOWING AMOUNTS: (A) THE AMOUNT THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO US FOR YOUR USE OF WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE TO WHICH THE CLAIM RELATES IN THE 6 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE MOST RECENT CLAIM; AND (B) USD100 (ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS). TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATE COMPANIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE, FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES CAUSED BY: (A) ANY NATURAL DISASTER SUCH AS FLOODS, EARTHQUAKES OR EPIDEMICS; (B) ANY SOCIAL EVENT SUCH AS WARS, RIOTS OR GOVERNMENT ACTIONS; (C) ANY COMPUTER VIRUS, TROJAN HORSE OR OTHER DAMAGE CAUSED BY MALWARE OR HACKERS; (D) ANY MALFUNCTION OR FAILURE OF OUR OR YOUR SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, HARDWARE OR CONNECTIVITY; (E) IMPROPER OR UNAUTHORISED USE OF WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE; (F) YOUR USE OF WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE IN BREACH OF THESE TERMS; (G) ANY REASONS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL OR PREDICTABILITY; OR (H) FAILURE TO SAVE OR BACK UP ANY DATA OR OTHER CONTENT; ANY LOSS ARISING FROM ANY CONTENT, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ANY PARTY OTHER THAN US (OR OUR AFFILIATES); ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH ARE NOT FORESEEABLE, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES. FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS CLAUSE, LOSS OR DAMAGE IS FORESEEABLE IF EITHER IT IS OBVIOUS THAT IT WILL HAPPEN OR IF, AT THE TIME THE CONTRACT WAS MADE, BOTH WE AND YOU KNEW IT MIGHT HAPPEN; AND/OR ANY: LOSS OF USE; LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS; LOSS OF REVENUES; LOSS OF PROFITS; LOSS OF GOODWILL; LOSS OR DESTRUCTION OF CONTENT OR DATA.

Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes any of the following liabilities, except to the extent that such liabilities may be waived, limited or excluded under applicable laws and regulations: any liability for fraud; any liability for negligently caused death or personal injury; any liability for gross negligence or wilful misconduct; or any other liability to the extent that such other liability cannot be waived, limited or excluded under applicable laws and regulations.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS LIMITS OR EXCLUDES ANY OF YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS IN YOUR JURISDICTION (INCLUDING ANY RIGHTS UNDER APPLICABLE CONSUMER PROTECTION REGULATION), TO THE EXTENT SUCH STATUTORY RIGHTS MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR WAIVED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS.

YOU AGREE THAT YOU (AND YOUR ORGANISATION, IF YOU ARE USING WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE ON BEHALF OF SUCH ORGANISATION) INDEMNIFY US AND OUR AFFILIATE COMPANIES FROM AND AGAINST ANY CLAIM, SUIT, ACTION, DEMAND, DAMAGE, DEBT, LOSS, COST, EXPENSE (INCLUDING LITIGATION COSTS AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES) AND LIABILITY ARISING FROM: (A) YOUR USE OF WECHAT OR WECHAT SOFTWARE; OR (B) YOUR BREACH OF THESE TERMS.

NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD PARTIES
As set out in the "Third Party Content and Services" and "Third Party Software" sections of these Terms, various third parties may provide certain content, services or software within WeChat.

THESE TERMS GOVERN THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND US (AND, WHERE RELEVANT, OUR AFFILIATE COMPANIES). YOUR DEALINGS WITH ALL THIRD PARTIES (INCLUDING THOSE FOUND THROUGH, PROMOTED THROUGH, ACCESSED VIA HYPERLINK THROUGH OR OTHERWISE THROUGH WECHAT), ARE SOLELY BETWEEN YOU AND THE RELEVANT THIRD PARTY. SUBJECT TO MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, WE AND OUR AFFILIATE COMPANIES HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU IN RELATION TO ANY THIRD PARTIES (INCLUDING ANY CONTENT, SERVICES OR SOFTWARE PROVIDED BY SUCH THIRD PARTIES WITHIN WECHAT), NOTWITHSTANDING YOUR ENGAGEMENT WITH ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES THROUGH WECHAT.

TERMINATION
These Terms will apply to your use of WeChat until your access to WeChat is terminated by either you or us.

You may terminate your use of WeChat, or any of the services accessible therein, at any time (including if we have told you about an upcoming change to all or part of WeChat or these Terms which you do not agree to). If the terminated service is a paid service, we may deduct from any refund a reasonable proportion of such fee as compensation for the costs incurred by us in ending the relevant service.

We may suspend or terminate your access to your account or any or all of WeChat: if we undertake maintenance or support of WeChat; to make changes to WeChat as notified by us to you; if we reasonably believe that you have breached these Terms; if your use of WeChat creates risk for us or for other users of WeChat, gives rise to a threat of potential third party claims against us or is potentially damaging to our reputation; if you fail to use WeChat for a prolonged period; if such suspension or termination is required due to Applicable Laws; or to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, for any other reason in our sole and absolute discretion, and where reasonably practicable, we will give you advance notice of any suspension or termination.

If we suspend your access to any or all of WeChat then, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations in your jurisdiction: (a) you remain responsible for all fees accrued through the date of suspension (including where the fees were incurred before suspension date but performance of the relevant obligations were after the suspension date); and (b) you remain responsible for any applicable fees for any part of WeChat to which you continue to have access.

If your access to WeChat is terminated (in whole or in part) by you or us, you agree that: (a) all of your rights under these Terms will terminate; (b) you remain responsible for all fees accrued through the date of termination (including where the fees were incurred before termination date but performance of the relevant obligations were after the termination date); and (c) you will immediately permanently delete all copies of WeChat Software to which the termination relates and you will immediately cease accessing and using any such WeChat Software.

Retention and back-up of Your Content

Following termination of these Terms, we will only retain and use Your Content in accordance with these Terms and, to the extent Your Content includes Personal Information, the WeChat Privacy Policy. Subject to the WeChat Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations in your jurisdiction, where we suspend or terminate all or part of WeChat, or where your access to WeChat is terminated by you or us, we do not guarantee that we will be able to return any of Your Content back to you and we may permanently delete Your Content without notice to you at any time after termination. Please ensure that you regularly back up Your Content.

GENERAL
Subject to the applicable laws and regulations in your jurisdiction, these Terms sets out the entire agreement between you and us in relation to WeChat – you agree that you will have no claim against us for any statement which is not explicitly set out in these Terms. The words "include" and "including" are to be construed without limitation. The invalidity of any provision of these Terms (or parts of any provision) will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or the remaining parts of that provision). If a court holds that we cannot enforce any part of these Terms as drafted, we may replace those terms with similar terms to the extent enforceable under applicable laws and regulations, without changing the remaining terms of these Terms. No delay in enforcing any provision of these Terms will be construed to be a waiver of any rights under that provision. Any rights and obligations under these Terms which by their nature should survive, including any obligations in relation to the liability of, or indemnities (if any) given by, the respective parties, will remain in effect after termination or expiration of these Terms.

No person other than you and us will have any right to enforce these Terms, whether pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Ordinance or otherwise, and you may not delegate, assign or transfer these Terms or any rights or obligations under these Terms without our prior consent. We may freely assign or transfer these Terms or our rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, without your prior consent or prior notice to you. We may freely sub-contract any part of our performance of these Terms at any time, without your prior consent or prior notice to you.

GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Except to the extent that: (a) any applicable additional terms incorporated into these Terms provide differently, or (b) the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction mandate otherwise (for example, you may have statutory rights in your jurisdiction in relation to bringing or defending claims in a local court (including small claims court)): these Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms will be governed by the law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region; and any dispute, controversy or claim (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or in connection with these Terms, including their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination, will be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre under the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre Administered Arbitration Rules in force when the Notice of Arbitration is submitted. The seat of the arbitration will be Hong Kong. There will be one arbitrator only. The arbitration proceedings will be conducted in English.

WECHAT TERMS OF SERVICE (USA-SPECIFIC TERMS)
If you are a user of WeChat in the United States of America, the below Additional Terms: (a) are incorporated into these Terms; (b) apply to your use of WeChat; and (c) override the head terms of these Terms to the extent of any inconsistency.

If you are a user of WeChat in the United States of America, the following terms expressly replaces the above "Governing law and dispute resolution" section of these Terms.

If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States, the laws of the state where you live govern all claims, regardless of conflict of law principles, except that the Federal Arbitration Act governs all provisions relating to arbitration. You and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts of California, for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms that are heard in court (excluding arbitration).

EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

In the event of a dispute, you and we agree to try for sixty (60) days to resolve it informally. If you and we are unable to come to informal resolution within sixty (60) days, you and we agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA") (with such arbitration to be conducted under the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury. Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide and the arbitrator’s decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the FAA. Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed, and nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties. These Terms govern to the extent they conflict with the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules or Consumer Arbitration Rules. You and we must file in arbitration any claim or dispute (except intellectual property disputes) within one year from when it first could be filed. If the class action waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, then those parts won’t be arbitrated but will proceed in court, with the rest proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of these provisions regarding arbitration is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed but the rest of these provisions regarding arbitration still apply.

If you are a California resident, then (except to the extent prohibited by applicable laws) you agree to waive California Civil Code Section 1542, and any similar provision in any other jurisdiction (if you are a resident of such other jurisdiction), which states: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favour at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor”.

WECHAT TERMS OF SERVICE (AUSTRALIA-SPECIFIC TERMS)
If you are a user of WeChat in Australia, the below Additional Terms: (a) are incorporated into these Terms; (b) apply to your use of WeChat; and (c) override the head terms of these Terms to the extent of any inconsistency.

All express or implied guarantees, warranties, representations, or other terms and conditions relating to these Terms or their subject matter, not contained in these Terms, are excluded from these Terms to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations.

Nothing in these Terms excludes, restricts or modifies any guarantee, warranty, term or condition, right or remedy implied or imposed by any applicable laws and regulations which cannot lawfully be excluded, restricted or modified.

If any guarantee, condition, warranty or term is implied or imposed by any applicable laws and regulations and cannot be excluded (a “Non-Excludable Provision”), and we are able to limit your remedy for a breach of the Non-Excludable Provision, then our liability for breach of the Non-Excludable Provision is limited to one or more of the following at our option: in the case of goods, the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods, the repair of the goods, the payment of the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods, or the payment of the cost of having the goods repaired; or in the case of services, the supplying of the services again, or the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.

WECHAT TERMS OF SERVICE (EUROPEAN UNION-SPECIFIC TERMS)
If you are a user of WeChat and located in the European Union, the below Additional Terms: (a) are incorporated into these Terms; (b) apply to your use of WeChat; and (c) override the head terms of these Terms to the extent of any inconsistency.

Refund of your purchases

If you have purchased and paid for a WeChat product or service provided by us (and not by any third parties), you may receive a refund for such purchase if we receive a refund request from you within 14 days from the date you completed the relevant purchase. If you have already used a portion of the relevant product or service, you will receive a refund for the unused portion only. In the case of a download or streaming product, you acknowledge that by proceeding to download or stream such product, you will not be entitled to a refund of such purchase.

We set out further information within the relevant WeChat services and applicable Additional Terms in relation to how you can submit your refund request.

Dispute Resolution

Notwithstanding the "Governing Law and Dispute Resolution" section of these Terms, if you are a "consumer" as defined under the EU Direction 83/2011/EU, any dispute, controversy or claim (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) between us and you, arising out of, relating to, or in connection with these Terms will be referred to and finally resolved by the court of your place or residence or domicile. You can also file a complaint at the online platform for alternative dispute resolution (ODR-platform). You can find the ODR-platform through the following link: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.

Loss or damage

If any WeChat services or features which we have supplied damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill we will either repair the damage or pay you reasonable compensation for such damage. However, we will not be liable for damage which you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage which was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us. We only supply WeChat and the services or features accessible via WeChat for domestic and private use. If you use WeChat or the services or features for any commercial or business purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.

Last modified: 2018-03-21

Terms of Service
Version: October 9, 2017 Download PDF Download previous version (2017/02/09)
WeTransfer is the simplest way to send your files around the world. We offer a free service (“WeTransfer Regular”) as well as a subscription Plus service (“WeTransfer Plus”), including additional features and functionalities (together: the “Services”). The Services are provided to you, the user of the Services, by WeTransfer B.V. (“WeTransfer”, “We”, etc.), with its main office at Oostelijke Handelskade 751, 1019 BW Amsterdam, the Netherlands, registered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 34380998. To enable easy reading of this document, we have separated the text into a left column, with the binding text in ‘legal speak’, and a right column, with the non-binding text in simple speak. We hope this helps you to get a good understanding of what we offer you, what you can expect from us and what we expect from you.
Applicability
Please read the Terms of Service carefully. If you use our Services, you agree to the Terms of Service, NTD Policy and Privacy & Cookie Statement. Privacy, cookies and illegal content are hot topics; they’re so important they had to go into other documents. 
In simple speak
1.1 Please read the Terms of Service carefully. If you use our Services, you agree to the Terms of Service, NTD Policy and Privacy & Cookie Statement. Privacy, cookies and illegal content are hot topics; they’re so important they had to go into other documents.
If the Services include services of third parties, the terms and conditions, notice and take down policies and/or privacy and cookie policies may apply. WeTransfer is not responsible for these services, terms and/or policies.
WeTransfer can amend the Terms of Use from time to time. WeTransfer recommends that you review the Terms of Service from time to time and take note of any changes. By continuing to use the Services you accept any change made to the Terms of Service. 1.3 We change the Terms every so often. Keep an eye on the website to check if they’ve changed. If you don’t agree with them (anymore), you can opt to stop using the service.
These Terms of Service supersede any and all prior oral and written quotations, terms, communications, agreements and understandings between you and WeTransfer. 1.4 These Terms overrule anything we might have told you previously or that you came up with yourself.
Clause 2 regards the use of WeTransfer Regular only. Clauses 3, 4 and 5 regard the use of WeTransfer Plus.
WeTransfer
WeTransfer is free from registration and charge.
If you use WeTransfer, we will show you full-page wallpaper ads from advertisers and artists selected by us.
WeTransfer provides the possibility to transfer digital files and share content up to a maximum total capacity. You can find the current limitations on the WeTransfer website.
Uploaded files are stored and available to download on WeTransfer’s servers for a limited period of time and will expire automatically after. You will be notified of the expiration date in the confirmation email sent to you. Each transfer can be sent to a limited number of e-mail addresses per transfer. Each e-mail is sent separately to each individual recipient.
After the expiry period mentioned in clause 2.4, WeTransfer will permanently delete the uploaded files. These files will not be available nor retrievable anymore.
WeTransfer Plus
WeTransfer Plus provides a subscription service that a.o. - compared to WeTransfer Regular - allows you to upload larger file sizes to more recipients and keep transfers stored for the duration of your Plus subscription. You can find the current specific characteristics here. In addition, WeTransfer Plus provides you with additional features that WeTransfer may change or expand from time to time. 3.1 If you use WeTransfer Plus you can send tons of large files and keep them available online for the duration of your Plus subscription.
WeTransfer offers annual and monthly subscriptions. The subscription fees for the respective subscription terms can be found on the WeTransfer website.
To use WeTransfer Plus, you must register for an account on the WeTransfer Plus sign up page, by filling in your personal details, e-mail address, password and payment method and details. Should registrations appear to be untruthful; WeTransfer holds the right to delete the account. 3.3 We are open and clear about who we are and would like the same from you. Keep your details up to date and to yourself. We'll remember who you sent stuff to, to make life easy.
In case of any changes in personal details, you are requested to update the information in your profile immediately.
We may change the content of the WeTransfer Plus services or the subscription fee from time to time. Any price changes will apply to you no earlier than one month following our notice to you.
WeTransfer Plus payment conditions
The initial subscription term starts once you have registered and the fees due have been paid in full. 4.1 You will be billed for the chosen subscription term in advance. If we cannot collect the payment for whatever reason, we will notify you and cancel the provided services.
Depending on the subscription term chosen, the fee for the subsequent Services and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the Services will be charged (per billing term) within the week prior to the calendar day corresponding to the anniversary date of your subscription.
Depending on the payment method you use, the issuer of the payment method may charge you certain fees relating to the processing of your payment.
You acknowledge that the amount billed each subscription period may vary for reasons that may include but are not limited to differing amounts due to promotional offers or changes in the amount of applicable sales tax or exchange rate, and you authorize WeTransfer to charge you for such varying amounts. WeTransfer notifies you via the email address you provided us when the payment of your (next) account fee has been charged.
You can change your payment method in your account settings.
WeTransfer may suspend or cancel the Services to you if a payment is not successfully settled, for instance in case of insufficient funds, expiration of credit cards, changed payment details or otherwise.
Term and cancellation of WeTransfer Plus subscription
The subscription period will be renewed automatically for the selected subscription period, unless you have set it to renew manually, or if you have cancelled your subscription in time in accordance with this clause. 5.1 Your subscription will automatically renew for the selected term, unless you don’t want it to.
You may deactivate your subscription at any time. To do so, deactivate ‘automatic renewal’ in your account settings or send an e-mail to Support. 5.2 If you don't want your account to be automatically renewed, adjust this in your account settings before we charge. If you don’t renew or if you deactivate your account, your Plus account will expire.
In case of cancellation, you will continue to have access to the Services until the end of your paid subscription period. You do not have any right to reimbursement of (part of) the subscription fee, unless local mandatory consumer law obliges to do so. 

for instance: if the date of commencement of your monthly subscription is 2 February and you cancel your subscription on 17 October, your subscription will continue until 2 November.
Upon cancellation (and after the end of your subscription period) or if a payment is not successfully settled (for instance due to expiration or insufficient funds), your account will be deactivated. You will then not have access to your personal data, address book and any files stored for transfer. You can reactivate your subscription at any time in your account settings by making payment within four weeks after deactivation. Your subscription will then be renewed as from the day of reactivation. 5.4 If you stop your subscription, we will deactivate your account and you have four weeks to reactivate it. After this period we will no longer keep your data.
If you do not reactivate your subscription within the term set out in clause 5.4, your Plus features including your personal content, settings, address book and any files stored for transfer will be automatically and permanently deleted.
Confidentiality
Any file transfer between you and recipients is treated confidentially. WeTransfer does not provide any public search function, catalogue or listing to find transfers that would be available. As a Plus user you can search your own transfers. 6.1 We treat your stuff with respect. We don’t let anyone search for anything on the website. Be mindful of where and how you share download links. When someone has access to a download link, they have access to the transfer it links to.
WeTransfer will not look into your transfer or files, unless this is necessary and in line with our Privacy & Cookie Statement, for instance to provide you with (technical) support on your request or if we are by law obliged to do so.
You acknowledge that download links can be forwarded and - whoever is passed on or has access to a download link can download the files contained in that transfer. WeTransfer Plus offers the option to protect transfers with a password, which is only stored encrypted and not accessible for anyone. It's the responsibility of the uploader to share said password. 6.3 Please be careful to distribute download links - whoever is passed on or has access to a download link can download the files contained in that transfer.
File ownership, permissions and responsibility
WeTransfer does not claim any ownership of the contents of the files you transfer through our Services. You are fully and solely responsible and accountable for the files you transfer through our Services. 7.1 You’re responsible for your files. We don’t claim any ownership of your files.
By using our Services you guarantee that you have, for each file (including wallpapers), all required permissions, including from copyright and other intellectual property rights holders, to distribute, transfer, store and/or make available online as part of our Services. 7.2 You can only transfer files if they’re yours, or if you have the permission from the owner to do so.
WeTransfer is not liable to you or any third party for any damages arising out of the content shared by you and the use, reuse, or adaptation of background wallpapers chosen independently by you, including but not limited to, copyright protected works and/or trademarks.
Restrictions
WeTransfer respects your rights and expects that you respect those of WeTransfer, its artists, advertisers and third parties. This includes respecting the right to privacy, corporate intelligence and business secrets and intellectual property rights, such as trademarks, copyrights, trade names and logos. You agree not to use the Services to commit or promote, enable or facilitate unlawful or criminal acts or violations of these Terms of Service or facilitate or promote others to do so.
As a condition to make use of the Services you agree not to transfer, distribute or store any files or use any wallpapers that: 8.2 Be excellent to each other, don’t transfer illegal stuff or stuff that isn’t yours. Also, don’t spam.
feature child pornography;
are obscene, defamatory, libellous, slanderous, profane, indecent or unlawful,
promote racism, violence or hatred;
are factually inaccurate, false, misleading or deceptive;
you don’t have the right to copy and/or transfer;
infringe, violate or misappropriate intellectual property rights, privacy rights, including data protection rights, and/or any other kind of rights;
infringe on or violate any applicable law or regulation;
constitute ‘hate speech’, whether directed at an individual or a group, and whether based upon the race, sex, creed, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation or language of such individual or group, and/or;
facilitate or promote gambling, or the sale or use of liquor, tobacco products or illicit drugs.
In addition, you agree not to: 8.3 Don't do anything mentioned in the list on the left, like pretending to be someone else or trying to break our service.
impersonate or falsely pretend affiliation with any person or entity;
access any non-public areas of the WeTransfer website or Services;
send viruses, worms, malware, junk mail, spam, chain letters, phishing mails, unsolicited promotions or advertisements of any kind and for any purpose;
attempt to probe, scan, compromise or test the vulnerability of the WeTransfer website or Services or any related service, system or network or breach any security or authentication, unless you do so in accordance with our Responsible Disclosure Policy.
Violation of the Terms of Service
WeTransfer reserves the right to investigate, provide to third parties, (temporarily) block and/or remove from its servers, without warning, any transfers, files, wallpapers and/or accounts or to block anyone from accessing any part of the WeTransfer website or Services, when WeTransfer ascertains, at their own discretion or after receiving substantiated and valid complaints, that you violate these Terms of Service or act in violation of any applicable law or regulation. 9.1 If you don’t stick to our rules, we always have the right to delete or block your email address and/or Plus account without warning. Same goes for your transfers and wallpapers.
When a wallpaper or personal Plus profile is used in violation of these Terms of Service and/or any applicable law or regulation, WeTransfer reserves the right to investigate and/or remove, without warning, any wallpapers you display on your WeTransfer Plus account or WeTransfer Plus personal profile channel, or block anyone from accessing your WeTransfer Plus account or WeTransfer Plus personal profile.
Intellectual property rights
All intellectual property rights and/or similar rights to the (content and design of the) WeTransfer website, including the software, wallpapers, photography, graphic design, typography, portraits and logos, as well as trademarks, copyrights and trade names featured on wallpapers used within the Services, are vested in WeTransfer or its licensors. 10.1 Please respect ours and other people’s intellectual property
WeTransfer supports the design industry. A large number of the wallpapers, including photography, graphic design, typography, portraits and logos, as well as trademarks and tradenames featured on wallpapers used within the Services, are the intellectual property of their respective rights holder. 10.2 The wallpapers always look amazing, but most of them aren’t ours, or yours. Don’t steal other people’s wallpapers. We’re not responsible for the contents of wallpapers, the links in them or the websites they link to.
You are not allowed to copy, reproduce, make available online to the public, sell or reuse anything from the WeTransfer website, including the wallpapers in any way without the permission of the rights holder. WeTransfer is not responsible or liable for the contents of wallpapers, in-ad links to external websites or the contents, products or services offered on external websites. You accept that all use outside the WeTransfer website is at your own risk.
You will always respect and observe the good name and reputation of WeTransfer and ensure that its use of the WeTransfer website and the Services will in no way prejudice any rights and/or the good name and reputation of WeTransfer and its licensors.
Disclaimer
WeTransfer provides its Services “AS-IS”, without warranty of any kind. Without limiting the foregoing, WeTransfer explicitly disclaims any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. WeTransfer makes no warranty that the Services are available on an uninterrupted, secure or error-free basis. Your use of the Services is at your own risk. You acknowledge and agree that WeTransfer is not responsible for any damages to your computer system or the computer system of any third party that result from use of the Services and is not responsible for any failure of the Services to store, transfer or delete a file or for the corruption or loss of any data, information or content contained in a file.  11.1 We do our best to make WeTransfer tick real smooth. We don’t take any responsibility for any failure. If anything goes wrong, we’ll run as fast as Usain Bolt to fix it.
Indemnity and Liability
You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless WeTransfer, including its employees and affiliates, from and against any claims, incidents, liabilities, procedures, damages, losses and expenses, including reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Services or your violation of these Terms of Service, including any third party claims that files submitted to the Services by you or through your account infringe or violate any third party rights. 12.1 If we do something wrong we’ll fix it, if you do something wrong it’s down to you.
WeTransfer is not liable for any damage or personal injury resulting from any use of the WeTransfer website or Services. The limitation of liability referred to in this clause shall not apply if the liability for damage is caused by intent or gross negligence on the part of WeTransfer. In the event WeTransfer is liable for damage under mandatory law, WeTransfer’s aggregate liability to you for any and all claims arising out of or in connection with the use of the Services will in no event exceed one hundred euro (€100) per incident. 12.2 If you choose to use our service, that's at your own risk.
Indemnity and Liability
These Terms of Service are governed by Dutch law. These Terms of Service will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your country of residence. 13.1 Dutch law applies to this agreement and any conflicts between you and us. If we go to court, this will be in the Netherlands. Love to see you in the Netherlands, but ideally not in court.
Any disputes regarding these Terms of Service will be submitted to the Court that has jurisdiction under Dutch law.
Contact
You can contact WeTransfer at legal@wetransfer.com. If you have any questions, just send us an email in English. If you have any questions, just send us an email in English. Please make it somewhat funny.

To access the Terms of Service effective through September 21, 2018, click here.

Posted on: August 22, 2018

Effective Date: September 22, 2018

 

Content guidelines

These types of sites are not allowed on Weebly:

●      Adult:  involving nudity in a sexual context, exposed genitalia or adult themes

●      Copyrighted Content:  music, movies or games that you do not own the rights to

●      Hate Speech: content that promotes violence or incites hatred against certain individuals or groups, such as race, religion, ethnicity, gender, or sexual orientation. The foregoing are examples, and not meant to constitute an exhaustive list of individuals or groups that may be the target of hate speech.

●      Spam/SEO:  a site whose sole purpose is to gain Google ranking, Facebook "likes", etc

●      Phishing:  a site meant to trick users into providing their username and password

●      Illegal Content:  content which may be illegal in the United States or under the laws of other countries

●      Scams:  get rich quick, pyramid/MLM, or other dubious schemes

●      Excessive Advertising:  placing excessive advertising on your site, including more than three ad units per page

●      File Hosting:  including sites that are not created with the Weebly editor

●      Injurious Experience:  sites using the "Custom HTML" element that provide a horrible user experience, such as extreme flashing banners, excessive animated movement, or content that could provoke seizures in unsuspecting visitors

●      Illegal/Inappropriate Products: sites that offer or sell items that are illegal, weapons, counterfeit, stolen, fraudulent, infringing, violate rights of privacy/publicity, offensive, pornographic, or manufactured/intended to be weapons

This list is a quick reference and is not meant to be complete. For more specific information, please read carefully the Terms below.

1. Acceptance of Terms

Thank you for using Weebly! These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are a legal agreement between you and Weebly (as defined below) and govern your use and access to Weebly’s website creation service, including our website hosting services, websites, communication tools, mobile applications, and ecommerce tools and other services (collectively the “Service”) that are made available through the website (http://weebly.com) and associated domains owned by Weebly (collectively, the “Site”) or otherwise made available by Weebly. By using the Service in any way, you agree to and accept these Terms, our Privacy Notice, and any other legal notices or guidelines posted on the Site. If you are using our Service for an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization. These Terms will also apply when you use the Service on a trial basis. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Service.

When these Terms mention “Weebly,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the Square company you are contracting with. Your contracting entity will generally be determined based on your Country of Residence. Your “Country of Residence” is the jurisdiction associated with your Weebly account as determined by either your express selection or by Weebly’s assessment of your residence using various data attributes associated with your Weebly account.

●      If your Country of Residence is the United States or Canada, you are contracting with Square, Inc., 1455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.

●      If your Country of Residence is Japan, you are contracting with Square KK.

●      If your Country of Residence is Australia, you are contracting with Square AU PTY, Ltd.

●      If your Country of Residence is the United Kingdom, Ireland or anywhere except United States, Canada, Japan, or Australia, you are contracting with Squareup International Ltd.

In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you are prohibited from creating or using a Weebly account or otherwise using the Service if you are not legally capable of entering into contracts, for example, if you are not the age of majority in your Country of Residence. If you are not the age of majority in your country or region, you may only create or use a Weebly account with the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian or alternatively through a special student account created by a teacher through education.weebly.com, provided the teacher has obtained signed consent from your parent or guardian.

2. Description of Service

Our web-based Service allows users who register for an account (each an "Account Holder") to create and update an online web site. Once registered, each Account Holder receives his or her own Web Site and may post "Content" (defined in Section 8). Any new features on the Service, including the release of new Weebly tools and resources, shall be subject to these Terms. To use the Service, you must have access to the Internet, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and you must pay any fees associated with Internet access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the Internet, including a web-enabled computer. The Service may include certain communications from us, such as service announcements, administrative messages, and the Weebly Newsletter. These communications are considered part of Weebly membership. You may not access the Service by any means other than through the Service interfaces we provide you.

3. Registration

To register as an Account Holder, you must provide us with a valid email address and other personal information ("Registration Data").You will choose a password and account designation for your web sites during the registration process and you will obtain a Weebly ID. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and for all activities that occur under your account. In consideration of use of the Service, you agree to maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete Registration Data. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if Weebly has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service or any portion thereof. In addition to the restrictions on selling set forth in Section 9 below, individuals under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating or using accounts through Weebly.com. Students under the age of 13 may, however, use Weebly through special student accounts created by their teachers through education.weebly.com, provided the teacher has obtained signed parental consent from the student's parents.

4. Weebly Privacy Notice

Our Privacy Notice (available at: https://www.weebly.com/privacy), which is part of these Terms, describes how we collect, protect, and use your Registration Data and certain other information about you. We encourage you to read the Privacy Notice, and to use the information it contains to help you make informed decisions.

5. Website account and security

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and web site, for all activities that occur or actions taken under the account or in connection with the web site. You agree to immediately notify us in writing of any unauthorized uses of the account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation. You acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances will Weebly or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, or employees be liable, in any way, for any of your acts or omissions or those of any third party, including damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

6. Proprietary Rights

The Site and Service are owned by Weebly. The Site and Service use and display content, features, and functionality, including but not limited to proprietary software, inventions, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, service marks, logos, slogans, and taglines, owned by Weebly or other unaffiliated third parties, that are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and/or other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. No portion of the Site or Service may be copied, reproduced, displayed, transmitted, or otherwise used for any purpose without the prior written permission of Weebly or the respective third-party intellectual property owner, or except as otherwise specifically provided herein. We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.

The Service, all confidential and proprietary software used in connection with the Service, Materials (as defined below), content contained in sponsor advertisements or in information presented to you through the Service or by advertisers, and all other materials and services provided by or through Weebly are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property laws.  You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of such Materials, including any “professional photos” or “free photos” made available through the Service, is done solely in accordance with all relevant laws, and any terms or conditions applicable to such Materials.  In no event shall Weebly be liable to you or any third party for your use of Materials in violation of law, or any terms or conditions applicable to such Materials.

“Materials” means any and all software, text, software documentation, designs, "look and feel," layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, messages, interactive and instant messaging, design and functions, files, documents, images, or other materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as all derivative works thereof, in each case, made available by or through Weebly or the Service.

You may use the Materials to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to access and use the Service in accordance with these Terms and, in the case of Materials owned by third parties made available to you by or through Weebly or the Service, any third-party terms or conditions applicable to such Materials. This permission does not permit you to store, copy, reproduce, republish, modify, upload, post, translate, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transfer, transmit, display, decompile, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decipher (or otherwise attempt to discover any programming code or any source code used in or with the Materials), or otherwise distribute in any way the Materials other than as specifically permitted in these Terms. You may not sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise attempt to transfer any right in the Service or Materials, create derivative works based on or in any manner commercially exploit the Service or Materials, in whole or in part, other than as expressly permitted in these Terms. Any use of the Service or Materials for any purpose other than as specifically permitted herein and in any relevant third-party terms of service is expressly prohibited. We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.

All trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, and taglines (individually and collectively, “Mark” or “Marks”) are the property of Weebly or their respective owners. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, no license or right to use any Mark is granted to you without the express written permission of Weebly or the respective third-party Mark owner.

“Professional Photos”- By purchasing and/or using any “professional photos” available through the Service, you agree that: (i) you will use such “professional photos” on your Weebly site only, for display solely in digital form; (ii) you will not sell, modify, re-use, re-sell, distribute, display, reproduce, or make any other use of such “professional photos”; (iii) where a “professional photo” features an individual and is used in connection with a sensitive, unflattering or controversial subject, you will include a statement that the image is used for illustrative purposes only and that the individual featured is a model; and (iv) you will not activate the “right-click” function in any “professional photo”, remove any metadata in any “professional photo”, or reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble your site to enable the download or use of any “professional photo” on a standalone basis.  In addition, you may not use any “professional photo”: (i) on a standalone basis with no other content; (ii) for pornographic, defamatory, or other unlawful purposes; (iii) to create or enable the creation of printed products; (iv) in physical or digital retail products, such as e-cards, calendars, posters, or screensavers; (v) to suggest or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation by or with any of the subject matter contained within the “professional photo;” (vi) for the purpose of enabling file-sharing of the image file; or (vii) in logos, trademarks, service marks or any other branding or identifiers.

7. Your rights in your Content

Weebly does not claim ownership of your Content (as defined below), but you give us your permission worldwide to host your Content on the Service and to perform all acts necessary to host your Content on the Service (such as making copies, reformatting, and distributing your Content). In other words, you grant us and our subsidiaries affiliates, and successors a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, and sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display your Content throughout the world in any media.

We do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Service or by email. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by an authorized Weebly representative, any material, information or idea you transmit to us by any means may be disseminated or used by us or our affiliates without compensation or liability to you for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. However, this provision does not apply to Content or to personal information that is subject to our Privacy Notice.

8. Content and conduct rules and obligations

All information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services or other materials you post on a web site via the Service ("Content") are the sole property of the person from which such Content originated. You are responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. We do not control the Content you post via the Service. Your Content does not include non-personally identifiable buyer/seller transaction or behavioral data derived from the use of Weebly’s eCommerce platform (collectively, “Platform Data”). Weebly owns all Platform Data and uses it for Service operations, improvements, and analytics. You are also responsible for creating back-up copies of your Content.

By using the Service, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will we be liable for your Content or the content of any third party, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in your Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service. You acknowledge that we do not pre-screen Content, but that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) to refuse, move or delete any Content that is available via the Service. We shall also have the right to remove any Content that violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable in our sole discretion. You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content. You may not rely on any Content created by us. You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect our rights, property, or personal safety and those of our users and the public.

The technical processing and transmission of the Service, including Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

You will not:

A.    upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that:

               i.         is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy (up to, but not excluding any address, email, phone number, or any other contact information without the written consent of the owner of such information), hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;

             ii.         you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);

           iii.         infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, rights of privacy or publicity, or other proprietary rights of any party (e.g., music, movies, images, e-books, or games you do not own the rights to);

            iv.         is unsolicited commercial email or "spam". This includes unethical marketing, advertising, or any other practice that is in any way connected with "spam", such as (i) sending mass email to recipients who haven't requested email from you or with a fake return address, (ii) promoting a site with inappropriate links, titles, descriptions, or (iii) promoting your site by posting multiple submissions in public forums that are identical;

              v.         contains software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other computer code, files, or programs that interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of the Service, computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or may impact the ability of any Weebly user to access the Service;

            vi.         is intended to take advantage of a user such as "get rich quick," "get paid to surf," pyramid/multi-level marketing, or other dubious schemes; or

          vii.         is adult in nature, such as any nudity in a sexual context or any Content with adult themes or reveals exposed genitalia;

B.    harm minors in any way;

C.     "stalk," “bully,” or otherwise harass another;

D.    impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Weebly employee, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;

E.     forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;

F.     interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Service;

G.    intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, federal or foreign laws or regulations. You must comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside. If you use the Site, the Service, or the Materials outside the United States of America, you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, including without limitation, rules regarding acceptable online conduct, data privacy, and export and import regulations of other countries;

H.    promote or provide instructional information about illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promote any act of cruelty to animals. This may include, without limitation, providing instructions on how to assemble bombs, grenades and other weapons or incendiary devices;

I.      use the Service as a forwarding service to another web site or to fraudulently manipulate Google or other SEO ranking or Facebook or other social networking or website “likes” and similar voting mechanisms;

J.      solicit a third party’s passwords or personal identifying information for unlawful or phishing purposes;

K.     exceed the scope of the Service that you have signed up for (e.g., by accessing and using the tools that you do not have a right to use, or deleting, adding to, or otherwise changing other user comments or content);

L.     include more than three ad units per page, or any advertising that greatly reduces the usability of the Site;

M.   upload files for the sole purpose of having them hosted by us and for use outside of a web site created using the Service (i.e., created with the Weebly editor);

N.    create a web site that provides an injurious user experience with custom programming. Examples include, but are not limited to, extreme flashing banners, excessive animated movement, or content that could provoke seizures in unsuspecting visitors;

O.    use, under any circumstance, any open source software subject to the GNU Affero General Public License v.3, or greater;

P.     Abuse our customer support email, chat, or telephone services or agents; or

Q.    Take any other action while using the Service that is detrimental to the Service or Weebly’s reputation, as determined by Weebly in its sole discretion.

We retain the right to terminate any account or user who has violated any of the above prohibitions.

9. Selling Through Weebly

Some of our Services and Materials may offer you the opportunity to sell or purchase goods and services through sites hosted or designed by Weebly (such goods and services, “Commercial Products”). We are merely providing the platform for buyers and sellers to conduct transactions for these Commercial Products. In order to sell through Weebly, you must be 18 years or older or at least the age of majority in your Country of Residence and you must provide your full legal name, current address, valid email address, and any other information requested by us. In the event of a dispute regarding account ownership, we reserve the right to request documentation to determine or confirm account ownership. Documentation may include, but is not limited to, a scanned copy of your business license, government issued photo ID, the last four digits of the credit card on file, etc.

When a buyer purchases Commercial Products, payments will be processed through our third party payment service provider. Buyers of Commercial Products will be provided a notice when entering their payment information directing them to the third party payment service provider’s terms of service and privacy policy. These payment services are governed solely by the payment service provider’s terms of service and privacy policy. We are not responsible for the actions of these third party service providers. In addition to the other rules and requirements described in these Terms, you must follow the rules listed below when offering, selling, or purchasing Commercial Products.

YOU WILL NOT offer or sell any Commercial Products that:

●      are illegal or potentially illegal, including those that are counterfeited, stolen, or fraudulent. Commercial Products sold using the Services must comply with all applicable laws, including Commercial Products sold to individuals outside of the U.S.;

●      infringe or have the potential to infringe the intellectual property or privacy rights of another or that may be libelous, slanderous, or otherwise defamatory;

●      we determine, in our discretion, are inappropriate, offensive, pornographic, sexually explicit, or violent; or

●      are manufactured as, or primarily intended to be used as, weapons, including firearms, restricted devices, or ammunition. We reserve the right to determine, in our sole discretion, whether Commercial Products constitutes “weapons” for purposes of these Terms; or

●      use images or names of any third party (including notable personalities or celebrities) when offering or selling Commercial Products without first obtaining that third party’s permission.

10. Fees/payment

You may agree to a one (1) month, six (6) month, twelve (12) month or twenty-four (24) month contract agreement with Weebly. Some of the features on the Service require payment of fees, as described for each Service on the Site (“Fees”). If you sign up for these features, you must pay all applicable feature Fees. We reserve the right to change our prices and/or bundle certain parts of the Service together for pricing purposes, and may do so at any time. You authorize us to make any reasonably necessary inquiries to validate your account and financial information.

All Fees are in USD and do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction (collectively, “Taxes”). It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, Taxes apply to the payments you make or receive, and it is solely your responsibility to assess, collect, report and remit the correct Taxes to the appropriate authority. If you purchase any Services that we offer for a Fee, you consent to Weebly, or our third party service providers, storing your payment card information and you authorize us to charge you (a) any Fees for Services you may purchase, and (b) any applicable Taxes in connection with your use of the Services to the payment card you provide, and you will reimburse us for all costs associated with the collection of any overdue amounts, including any interest due for the same. If the payment card you provide expires and you do not provide new payment card information or cancel your account, you authorize us to continue billing you and you will remain responsible for any uncollected Fees.

AT THE END OF THE CONTRACT TERM, YOUR CONTRACT WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW FOR AN ADDITIONAL CONTRACT TERM OF THE SAME LENGTH UNTIL EXPLICITLY CANCELLED BY YOU, AND YOUR PREFERRED PAYMENT METHOD WILL BE CHARGED ACCORDINGLY. YOU MAY TURN OFF THE AUTO-RENEW FEATURE FOR YOUR CURRENT CONTRACT AT ANY TIME. YOU MAY SEND CANCELLATION REQUESTS BY CONTACTING US THROUGH HTTP://HC.WEEBLY.COM OR BY CALLING OUR HELP CENTER AT ANY TIME.

11. Cancellation; Service Changes

If you cancel the Service, your cancellation will take effect immediately. After cancellation, you will no longer have access to your web site and we may delete all information on your web site. We accept no liability for such deleted information or content.

For as long as we continue to offer the Service, we will provide and seek to update, improve, and expand the Service. As a result, we allow you to access the Service as it may exist and be available on any given day and have no other obligations, except as expressly stated in these Terms. We may modify (e.g., change data storage or capacity limits), replace, refuse access to, suspend or discontinue the Service, partially or entirely, or change and modify prices for all or part of the Services we offer in our sole discretion. All of these changes are effective upon their posting on our site or by direct communication to you unless otherwise noted. We further reserve the right to withhold, remove and or discard any Content available as part of your account, with or without notice if deemed by us, in our sole discretion, to be contrary to these Terms. For avoidance of doubt, we have no obligation to store, maintain, or provide you a copy of any Content that you or others provide when using the Service. We also reserve the right to limit or cease phone or chat support to you if you consume a disproportionate amount of such customer services or otherwise negatively affect our ability to provide support to other customers (as determined in our sole discretion).

12. Money Back Guarantee

All paid Weebly accounts, except month-to-month accounts, include a 30-day money back guarantee. If you are dissatisfied with such account service for any reason, you can receive a full refund if you cancel your account within 30 days of activation, or within 30 days of your contract being renewed. Please direct refund requests to http://hc.weebly.com with the subject line: Refund Request. At any time during your contract term, you may upgrade or downgrade your service with Weebly. In the event of a service downgrade, a prorated credit will be issued to your Weebly account for the difference in the cost of the two services for the remainder of your original contract term. This credit will be applied to future months of service with Weebly, and cannot be refunded to you in cash. Downgrading your account may cause the loss of Content, features, or capacity of your account. We do not accept any liability for such loss.

13. Third Party Services, Software, and Websites; No Implied Endorsement

Weebly is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result of your use of any third party’s service, product, software, or website, including but not limited to any content thereon such as text, documents, designs, images, clips, photographs, videos, artwork, graphics, audio, audio-visual files, messages, interactive and instant messaging, posts, functions, files, documents, or other materials (collectively, “Third Party Materials”) whether or not you were linked to or directed to any Third Party Materials by or through the Site or Service. Weebly does not endorse or assume responsibility for any Third Party Materials and makes no guarantee regarding the reliability, accuracy, nature, origin, quality, or use of such Third Party Materials. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of any Third Party Materials, including those made available by or through the Site or Service, is done solely in accordance with all relevant laws, and the terms and conditions of any applicable licenses or other agreement.  In no event shall Weebly be liable to you or any third party for your use or alleged use of any Third Party Materials.

Further, Third Party Materials, such as email, e-commerce and payment services including but not limited to, Authorize.net, PayPal, Square, and Stripe payment options, may be subject to the applicable third party terms of service and privacy policies, and you are solely responsible for reviewing, agreeing to, and complying with any such terms before you use any Third Party Materials. Your use of any Third Party Materials is at your own discretion and risk. If you do not agree to the third party’s terms of service or license agreement, do not download or use the Third Party Materials. Your use of any Third Party Materials obtained through the Service does not transfer to you any rights, title, or interest in or to the Third Party Materials beyond the terms contained in the third party provider's terms of service or license. Any reference on the Site to any Third Party Materials is not an approval or endorsement by us of such Third Party Materials.

Third Party Payment Processors: Weebly uses third party payment processors to assist us in securely processing your personally identifiable payment information. Such third party processors’ use of your personal information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as the Weebly Privacy Notice. Payments are currently processed and managed using the third party vendors below. We will inform you which payment processors are used when processing your payments.

·                 Authorize.net - privacy policy

·                 PayPal - privacy policy

·                 Square - privacy policy

·                 Stripe - privacy policy

·                 Apple Pay - privacy policy

·                 Android Pay - privacy policy

Apple Pay and Android Pay are automatically activated for users who have selected Stripe as their payment processor. If you do not wish to accept Apple Pay or Android Pay as a payment type, it is your responsibility to deactivate Apple Pay and/or Android Pay. You can deactivate these payment options in your Store checkout settings. Your use of Apple Pay and Android Pay constitutes your acceptance of Apple Pay’s Acceptable Use Guidelines and/or Google/Android Pay’s (API) Terms of Service.

14. Themes

If you choose, you may contribute website themes ("Custom Themes") to the Service for use by other users. You hereby grant and agree to grant us an exclusive, perpetual, sublicensable, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to use, copy, modify, and create derivative works of any Custom Themes contributed by you to the Service, including the HTML code and associated media assets.

15. Designer Platform Terms

If you use our Designer Platform Service to design a web site (a “Client Website”) for a third party (your “Client”), your use of the Service shall be subject to the additional terms set forth in this Section 15.

A.    Your relationship with your Client is strictly between you and the Client. We will not be a party to any agreement you have with your Client. The manner and means that you choose to perform your services are in your sole discretion and control; however you agree to perform these services in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry practice and in conformance with these Terms.

B.    You accept full responsibility for all Client Websites under your account and for each Client Website’s adherence to these Terms.

C.     While we intend to allow you to resell the service under a private label, this private label is in no way guaranteed and we will in no way be held responsible for any failure to maintain its private label.

D.    In the event your Client contacts us, we will direct them to contact you. In the event you fail to support your Client and we receive a request from your Client stating that you have not been responsive, we reserve the right to support your Client directly.

E.     Payments for your use of the Designer Platform Service are calculated on a per website basis. Each Client Website under your account that is published live to a Client’s domain will incur monthly service charges. These service charges are billed to the credit card on file for your Weebly account.

F.     Service charges are billed each month for the upcoming month’s service, based on the total service charges of all Client Websites. If a new Client Website is published mid-month, a pro-rated amount will be included on your next month’s invoice.

G.    No refunds will be given for any days remaining in your current billing cycle.

H.    You understand and agree that you, as the Account Holder, are ultimately responsible for payment for every Client Website under your account. If, at any time, the billing obligations of any Client Website are not met, we will have the right to disable the Client Website until the billing obligation is met.

16. Resale of Service

You will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit any portion of the Service without our express written permission, which may be in the form of a separate written agreement with Weebly (such as the Weebly Cloud Agreement).

Weebly is often used by Designers to design websites for a third party. Such use is explicitly permitted under the Designer Platform terms above. Should you design websites for third parties on any other version of Weebly other than the Designer Platform, such sites must each have their own account controlled by the third party, and you may not group multiple client sites under one account owned by you.

17. Domain Name Registration, Domain Name Cancellation, and Change of Registrar

For the domain name registration services (the “Domain Services”) provided to you by Weebly, the following terms and conditions also apply (the “Domain Terms”). Your use of the Domain Services provided by Weebly serves as your consent to these terms. Some of the service packages include Weebly registering an Internet domain name or renewing your existing domain name (the “Domain Name”) on your behalf. For the purpose of procuring and/or maintaining domains, Weebly will act only as the agent between you and the domain name service provider responsible for domain name allocation (the “Registrar”), which will be Register.com. All new registrations and subsequent renewals of those registrations will therefore also be subject to the Register.com terms and conditions located at: http://www.register.com/policy/servicesagreement.rcmx. Weebly reserves the right to utilize another domain name service provider at any time, in which case the terms and condition of such organization will apply complementarily to these Domain Terms and such other domain name service provider shall be deemed a “Registrar” for purposes of these Terms.

 

Weebly may provide one (1) free domain name for up to one year, with a new purchase of an annual or bi-annual subscription plan. The domain will be included for the lifetime of your Weebly account, and the domain will be registered in your name and is yours to keep, as long as you cover any applicable domain registration fees following the first year. The free domain name only applies to certain top-level domains (e.g. .com, .net, and .org) when signing up for a new plan.

You are responsible for providing correct and complete data regarding the domain name holder (“Registrant”) and the administrative contact when registering the domain name. The technical contact in all cases will be Weebly, Inc. Before applying for a domain name, it is your responsibility to check that the domain name does not violate the rights of any third party or contravene any applicable law, rule or regulation. We may defer activation of a domain name until payment of the agreed fees for the registration services has been received. Weebly is in no position to influence the allocation of the domain name by the Registrar. We can neither guarantee that the requested domain names will be allocated to you and/or that allocated domain names are free of third-party rights nor guarantee their continued existence. Any information we provide regarding the availability of a domain name is based on the data provided by third parties and only refers to the time that information is requested. The domain will not be deemed as allocated before registration of the domain in the name of you, the Registrant, and its entry in the database of the Registrar.

The initial registration term for purchased domains may vary and such registration will auto-renew for successive 12-month periods. You will be charged for auto-renewal forty-five (45) calendar days before your domain expires (even if that date differs from your Weebly website subscription renewal date). You can, of course, opt out of auto-renewal by turning off the auto-renew option in your settings at any time before the auto-renewal takes effect. Each purchased domain name is registered in your name and is yours to keep, as long as you pay the applicable fees. If you purchase a new domain, or renew an existing domain, and cancel your purchase within the first thirty (30) days by contacting http://hc.weebly.com, you may receive a full refund. Your right and title to your domain name allows you to transfer a purchased domain to another domain provider; however, you will not be eligible for a refund of registration fees paid to Weebly for transferred domains. Regardless of the identity of the Registrant or any other contact information in your domain name records, any domain name registered through Weebly using your Weebly account is covered by these Terms.

Maintaining accurate and current billing information is a mandatory condition of maintaining your Weebly account. Such data must include the full and real name of the Registrant, a physical mailing address (PO boxes or anonymous addresses are not permissible), a valid email address and telephone number. If this information changes, you must immediately inform us of this change by updating it online. Please note that if your billing information, including your current credit card information, is not current, we will not renew your Domain Services and they may subsequently expire.

Subject to these Terms and those of the Registrar, you may transfer all domain names registered through us to another domain name service provider by following the online instructions provided by Weebly. Should we, due to failure on the part of you, the account holder, or the new domain name service provider, be unable to make the domain transfer to your new domain name service provider, we are expressly entitled to have the cancelled domain name deleted by the relevant domain name service provider after the cancellation date has lapsed, and we will not be liable to you or any third party for such deletion. We reserve the right to allow domain transfers only if you have settled all undisputed pending claims with us.

It may not always be possible to recover a domain name after it has expired, and Weebly has sole discretion in determining when a domain name can be renewed post-expiry and what fees will be applicable. If you forfeit a domain name for non-payment, Weebly will have the right, in its sole discretion, to: (a) register and use the domain name for its own purpose; (b) sell or transfer the domain name to a third party; or (c) delete the domain name and allow any new registrant anywhere in the world to register the domain name anew. Further, you agree that Weebly may charge the credit card you have on file with Weebly to recover any amounts outstanding on your account.

On certain occasions, domain name registrations may become the subject of a legal challenge. If Weebly is made a party to any legal action by virtue of one of your domain name registrations, you agree to be responsible for all of Weebly’s costs and legal fees and to indemnify and hold Weebly harmless from any action. If Weebly is notified that a complaint has been filed with a judicial or administrative body regarding your domain name, Weebly may, at its sole discretion: (a) lock or suspend your ability to use, make modifications to, or transfer your registration records; and/or (b) deposit control of your registration record with the appropriate judicial entity by supplying a registrar certificate from us.

You must notify us immediately if you lose the rights to a domain name registered by Weebly on your behalf.

18. Email Marketing Service

For the email marketing services provided directly to you by Weebly (the “Email Marketing Service”), the following terms and conditions also apply. Your use of the Email Marketing Service serves as your consent to these terms. Weebly may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Email Marketing Service if you do not comply with these terms.

Your use of the Email Marketing Service must comply with all applicable domestic and international laws. This includes the laws applicable to you and also laws applicable to Weebly and all recipients to whom you intend to send emails (each a “Recipient”). Examples of applicable laws include laws relating to spam or unsolicited commercial email (hereinafter “Spam” or “UCE”), privacy, security, obscenity, defamation, intellectual property, pornography, terrorism, homeland security, gambling, child protection, and other applicable laws. It is your responsibility to know and understand the laws applicable to your use of the Email Marketing Service and the emails you generate and send through the Email Marketing Service. Your use of the Email Marketing Service must also comply with the Privacy Notice applicable to the Email Marketing Service. Weebly’s Privacy Notice is available here.

You are solely responsible for your products and services and any other promotion and Content contained in or referred to in your emails sent through the Email Marketing Service. You agree to use the Email Marketing Service in a lawful, safe, and professional manner, consistent with industry best practices, including keeping reliable records. You are solely responsible for any and all statements you make and for all user assistance, warranty and support of your products and services.

Your use of the Email Marketing Service must follow all applicable guidelines established by Weebly. The guidelines below are examples of practices that may violate these Terms when generating or sending email or messages through the Email Marketing Service:

You will not:

A.    Use the Email Marketing Service in violation of Weebly’s Terms of Service or of any law applicable to you or your Recipients;

B.    Use the Email Marketing Service to send Spam. You must ensure that all Recipients have explicitly granted permission to receive emails from you by affirmatively opting-in to receive those emails. All emails and messages sent by means of the Email Marketing Service must comply with our Anti-Spam Policy, as outlined below:

               i.         Weebly has a no tolerance Spam policy and does not knowingly and intentionally do business with any user or company that participates in sending Spam/UCE. We do not sell or exchange personal information from our opt-in lists.

             ii.         An email is Spam if, among other things: (a) the Recipient’s personal identity and context are irrelevant because the message is equally applicable to many other potential recipients; (b) the Recipient has not verifiably granted deliberate, explicit and still-revocable permission for it to be sent; and (c) the transmission and reception of the message appears to give a disproportionate benefit to the sender.

           iii.         Spam is an issue of consent, not content. A Recipient should “affirmatively opt-in,” or expressly consent to receiving the message, either in response to a clear and conspicuous request or at the recipient’s own initiative.

            iv.         The U.S. CAN-SPAM Act regulates and establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives Recipients the right to have you stop emailing them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. Other international regulations and laws also apply to electronic marketing, and while we cannot give legal advice, we encourage you to become familiar with these laws, especially if you live in or mail to recipients outside the U.S.

              v.         If you receive Spam complaints or run into compliance problems, or if Weebly identifies a potentially problematic contact list, we will first ask questions to try to understand your business as well as your marketing goals. If we determine that a list is not consent-based or is too old or problematic to work with, we will require that it be removed from your account. In certain instances, we may ask you to find another service provider because our goals are simply not compatible.

            vi.         Please refer to our Email Marketing FAQ located in the Help Center for further guidance on how to become a responsible mailer, as well as the additional ways that Weebly helps protect against sending unwanted or unsolicited email.

          vii.         If you feel a Weebly user is sending unsolicited email, you can report it to us by sending it to abuse@weebly.com.

C.     Use the Email Marketing Service to request, collect or send any non-public or personally identifiable information about another user or any other person without their express prior written consent (or the parent’s consent in the case of a minor), illegal information, or any other information you do not have the right to request, collect or distribute;

D.    Use the Email Marketing Service to send email campaigns that link to or display pornography, other sexually explicit content, illegal goods or services, or any other Content that Weebly deems inappropriate in its sole discretion;

E.     Transmit any message, information, data, text, software or image, or other Content that is not owned by you or legally licensed to you, or is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable which may violate another’s right of privacy or publicity;

F.     Send through the Email Marketing Service any unethical, false or misleading advertising, promotions, or sales efforts and practices;

G.    Post or transmit any materials that contains a virus or corrupted data;

H.    Use purchased or rented email lists;

I.      Use third party email addresses, domain names, or mail servers without proper permission;

J.      Send emails to non-specific addresses (e.g., webmaster@domain.com or info@domain.com) or distribution lists, newsgroups, publicly available press or media addresses or purchased email addresses;

K.     Send emails that result in an unacceptable number of Spam or UCE complaints (even if the emails themselves were not actually Spam or UCE);

L.     Disable or fail to include a working “unsubscribe” link in every email, which allows the Recipient/s to remove themselves from your mailing list. Each such link must remain operational for at least 60 days after the date on which you send the message, and you agree that you will not remove, disable or attempt to remove or disable the link;

M.   Disable or fail to comply with any request from a Recipient to be removed from your mailing list within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of the request. You cannot charge a fee, require the Recipient to give you any personally identifiable information beyond an email address, or make the Recipient take any step other than sending a reply email or visiting a single page on an Internet website as a condition for honoring an unsubscribe request. As required under the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act and other applicable laws, you acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining and honoring the list of unsubscribe requests following termination of your Weebly account, for any reason whatsoever;

N.    Disguise the origin or subject matter of any email or falsify or manipulate the originating email address, subject line, headers, or transmission path information for any email. For any email or message sent by you using the Email Marketing Service, (a) the “from” line must accurately and in a non-deceptive manner identify your identity or your organization’s identity; and (b) the “subject” line of your email must relate to the email’s actual content and must not contain any deceptive or misleading content regarding the overall subject matter of the email message. You agree that you are the sole or designated sender of any email you send through the Email Marketing Service, pursuant to any law or act applicable to your use of the Email Marketing Service (e.g., U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation, S.C. 2010, c. 23 and Directive 2003/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002), and as such you are required to comply with such laws and any other laws in other jurisdictions that apply to your use of the Email Marketing Service, and be responsible for any violation of any such applicable laws.

O.    Fail to include in each email your valid physical mailing address (which if you are located in the United States, may be a valid post office box meeting the registration requirements established by the United States Postal Service) or a link to that information. For Recipients based in the EU, each email must additionally include the sender’s business registration number and VAT ID or a link to that information;

P.     Include “junk mail”, “chain letters”, “pyramid schemes”, incentives (e.g., coupons, discounts, awards, or other incentives) or other material in any email that encourages a Recipient to forward the email to another recipient; or

Q.    Fail to comply with export and import regulations for the U.S. and other countries.

Some industries yield higher than normal abuse rates for Spam. Thus, the Email Marketing Service may not be used on behalf of certain industries and senders. This includes, but is not limited to, the following:

               i.         Pharmaceutical products;

             ii.         Work from home, make money online, “get rich schemes”, and lead generation opportunities;

           iii.         Online trading, day trading tips, or stock market-related content;

            iv.         Mortgage and loan content;

              v.         Nutritional, herbal and vitamin supplements;

            vi.         Gambling services, products, or tips;

          vii.         Multi-level marketing;

        viii.         Affiliate marketing or any type of performance marketing, in which a business rewards or otherwise incentivizes one or more affiliates for each visitor or customer brought by the affiliate’s own marketing efforts;

            ix.         Credit repair and get out of debt opportunities; and

              x.         Counterfeit or “knock off” products appearing to be another brand.

It is your responsibility to ensure that the Content you put in your emails does not violate these guidelines. Although Weebly has no obligation to do so, we may monitor your account to ensure compliance with these Terms and operation within the acceptable industry standards. In our sole discretion, we reserve the right to block emails, remove Content, or prohibit use of the Email Marketing Service that may be in violation of the foregoing or of the Terms (including SendGrid Terms). You understand and agree that we and any applicable third party that supports, posts, publishes or distributes your emails and Content also has the right to reformat, edit, monitor, reject, block or remove any of your emails and Content and suspend or terminate the Email Marketing Service, in whole or in part, permanently or temporarily. In no case will the foregoing make us responsible or liable to you for compliance with any such laws or obligations, for which you remain solely responsible and liable.

If you know of or suspect any violations of these Terms, please notify Weebly here. Weebly will determine compliance with these Terms in its sole discretion and reserves the right, without notice, to take all measures of any nature (legal, technical, or otherwise) or prevent UCE and/or any other unauthorized email, messages or campaigns from entering, utilizing or remaining within our network. We may terminate the Email Marketing Service and your Weebly account at any time and for any reason. If your account is terminated, we may permanently delete it and any associated data.

In order to provide the Email Marketing Service, we currently use SendGrid’s API (www.sendgrid.com); hence, your use of the Email Marketing Service is also governed by SendGrid’s terms and policies, as now effective and/or as may be effective in the future (“SendGrid Terms”), including, without limitation, SendGrid’s Terms of Use and SendGrid’s Privacy Policy. SendGrid Terms are in addition to these Terms, and you shall comply with both as applicable to the Email Marketing Service. Weebly is under no obligation to notify you of any changes to the SendGrid Terms.  We may terminate any Third Party Service, including SendGrid, in our sole discretion at any time, without notice to you, with no liability to you or to the third party. Any such termination or any act by a Third Party Service may impact our ability to make available some or all of the features of the Email Marketing Service, and we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such actions.

We will obtain any information that you provide us in connection with your use of the Email Marketing Service, such as contact lists (including email addresses and any other information contained in such lists) and Content posted or used by you for the Email Marketing Service, or in any other manner. We acknowledge your ownership rights in such contact lists (“Customer Information”) and Content. We won’t sell or rent your Customer Information without your prior explicit permission or use your Customer Information for any purpose other than as described in our Privacy Notice and in these Terms. SendGrid may also use the Customer Information and other information provided by you as part of the Email Marketing Service, in accordance with the SendGrid Terms.

You hereby grant to us a revocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, use, reproduce, publish, distribute, perform and display Customer Information, only as required by us to offer and operate the Email Marketing Service.

You are solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability and appropriateness of all Customer Information. You are responsible for maintaining, securing and storing all Customer Information in accordance with applicable law and your contractual obligations, including these Terms. You represent and warrant that you own or have rights in the material in your emails and the Customer Information required for us to use the Customer Information as contemplated by these Terms.

When using the Email Marketing Service, you agree that any emails and messages and Content contained therein are non-confidential, and you automatically grant or warrant that the owner of such Content or intellectual property has granted to us (or sub-licensed to us through you) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display such Content or intellectual property in any manner or in any media now known or hereafter created, including in connection with our marketing and promotional activities.

To the extent permitted by law, we may make and preserve copies of all Customer Information as necessary to provide the Email Marketing Service and for internal back-up and other legal or regulatory purposes. However, we are not obligated to preserve copies of your Customer Information, emails and messages, Content or other data. You are responsible for backing up your Customer Information.

We make no representation or warranty that the content and materials on our website and/or the Email Marketing Service are appropriate for use in locations outside the United States. Those who choose to access the Email Marketing Service from other locations do so at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. We reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to limit the availability, quantity, and accessibility of the Email Marketing Service to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction.

19. Indemnity

You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Weebly, and its subsidiaries, licensors, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, employees, successors, and assigns (collectively “Indemnified Parties”) from any and all liability, loss, claim, damages, expenses, costs or demands, (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees), incurred or made against the Indemnified Parties by any third party in connection with any claim arising from or related to: (a) your use (or anyone using your account/s) use of the Service, the Site or the Materials, (b) your Content, (c) any Commercial Products you offer on or through the Site or using our Services, or (d) your use of the Domain Services. This includes, but is not limited to, any breach or violation of these Terms by you or anyone utilizing your account. You must fully cooperate at your expense as required by an Indemnified Party. Each Indemnified Party may, at its election, assume the defense and control of any matter for which it is indemnified hereunder. You shall not settle any matter involving an Indemnified Party without the consent of the applicable Indemnified Party.

20. Disclaimer of warranties

A.     YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

B.    WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OF DATA, CUSTOMER INFORMATION OR VENDOR DATA, REVENUE, OR OTHER HARM TO BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF DELAYS, MISDELIVERY OR NONDELIVERY OF INFORMATION, RESTRICTION OR LOSS OF ACCESS, BUGS OR OTHER ERRORS, UNAUTHORIZED USE DUE TO YOUR SHARING OF ACCESS TO THE SERVICE, OR OTHER INTERACTION WITH THE SERVICE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING AND BACKING-UP YOUR DATA AND INFORMATION THAT MAY RESIDE ON THE SERVICE. WEEBLY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.

C.     ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.

D.    ANY DATA, INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN OR MADE AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE KNOWLEDGE, EXPERTISE, SKILL AND JUDGMENT OF TAX, LEGAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONALS. THE SERVICE DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING SUCH ADVICE AND WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO DO SO PRIOR TO, AND IN CONJUNCTION WITH, USING OUR SERVICE.

E.     THESE TERMS APPLY SOLELY TO THE SERVICE. AS PART OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED TO OTHER WEEBLY USERS, WE HOST WEBSITES FOR CERTAIN THIRD PARTIES (“THIRD PARTY SITES”). THIRD PARTY SITES INCLUDE CONTENT GENERATED BY THIRD PARTIES AND ARE NOT UNDER THE MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF WEEBLY. WEEBLY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH THIRD PARTY SITES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ACCURACY, SUFFICIENCY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, VERACITY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS THEREOF, ANY LINK CONTAINED THEREIN, OR ANY CHANGES OR UPDATES THERETO, OR ANY GOODS OR SERVICES SOLD THEREON. YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE IS GOVERNED BY THE TERMS APPLICABLE TO SUCH THIRD PARTY SITE. THE HOSTING OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE BY WEEBLY DOES NOT IMPLY AN ENDORSEMENT THEREOF BY WEEBLY, OR OF THE PROVIDER OF SUCH CONTENT OR SERVICES, OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE.

F.     NEITHER WEEBLY NOR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, OR AFFILIATES WARRANT THAT THE SITE, ITS SERVERS, THE MATERIALS OR THE SERVICE, OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM THE SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, OR AFFILIATES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

G.    WEEBLY AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT THE SERVICES, MATERIALS, OR SITE ARE APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN ALL GEOGRAPHIC LOCATIONS.

21. Limitation of Liability

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WEEBLY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (a) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (e) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.

IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE SITE, THE SERVICE, OR THE MATERIALS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IS TO CEASE USING THE SITE, THE SERVICE, AND THE MATERIALS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER WEEBLY, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, YOUR CONTENT, THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY USER GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, ANY INFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF, OR RELATED TO, THE USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, YOUR CONTENT, THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR ANY THIRD PARTY USER GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.

22. Exclusions and Limitations

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 20 AND 21. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 20 AND 21 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

23. U.S. Government Restricted Rights

The materials on the Service are provided with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS." Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations. Use of the materials by the U.S. Government constitutes acknowledgment of our proprietary rights in them.

24. Agreement to Arbitrate; Class Waiver

We want to address your concerns or issues before filing a claim against Weebly. Please contact us at http://hc.weebly.com. We'll contact you by email to informally resolve the dispute. You or Weebly may start a formal dispute resolution process if a dispute is not resolved within 30 days of your submission.

YOU MAY ONLY RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND YOU WILL NOT BRING A CLAIM AS A PLAINTIFF OR A CLASS MEMBER IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION (E.G., CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR CONSOLIDATION WITH OTHER ARBITRATIONS).

Any claim relating to these Terms that is not resolved through our informal process, or as set forth below, will be resolved finally and exclusively by binding individual arbitration with a single arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”) administered by the American Arbitration Association (https://www.adr.org) according to this Section and the applicable arbitration rules for that forum. The Arbitrator shall be responsible for determining all threshold arbitrability issues, including issues relating to whether the Terms are enforceable, unconscionable or illusory and any defense to arbitration, including waiver, delay, laches, or estoppel. Subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, you may elect to pursue your claim in your local small-claims court rather than through arbitration so long as your matter remains in small claims court and proceeds only on an individual (non-class or non-representative) basis. The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, fully applies. If you are a consumer bringing a claim relating to a transaction intended for a personal, household, or family use, any arbitration hearing will occur within the county where you reside. Otherwise, any arbitration hearing will occur in San Francisco, California, or another mutually agreeable location. The arbitrator’s award will be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. While an arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief, the Arbitrator may do so only with respect to the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual party’s claim. An Arbitrator’s decision and judgment thereon will not have a precedential or collateral estoppel effect in any other case or arbitration. Weebly will reimburse the arbitration fees due to the American Arbitration Association for individual arbitrations brought in accordance with this section for all claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the Arbitrator determines that your claims were frivolous. If you prevail on any claim for which you are legally entitled to attorney’s fees, you may seek to recover those fees from the arbitrator. For any claim where you are seeking relief, we will not seek to have you pay our attorney’s fees, even if fees might otherwise be awarded, unless the Arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous. For purposes of this arbitration provision, references to you and Weebly also include respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors, successors and assigns as well as authorized users or beneficiaries of the Services. Subject to and without waiver of the arbitration provisions above, you agree that any judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions in consumer cases as discussed above) will be brought in and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state courts in the City and County of San Francisco, California, or federal court for the Northern District of California. If any part of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.

Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Service, or to enforce intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright, trademark, trade secret, or patent rights) without first engaging in our informal dispute resolution process or arbitration. In the event this agreement to arbitrate does not apply to you or your claim, any judicial proceeding will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California. You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in San Francisco, California.  REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BROUGHT BY YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO USE OF THE SERVICE OR THESE TERMS MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE OR BE FOREVER BARRED.

25. Notice to Users in California

We want to address your concerns or issues. Please contact us at http://hc.weebly.com so that we can address your concerns. You may also contact us at Square, Inc. (dba Weebly) 1455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, California 94103 USA. Additionally, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users of the Service from California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

26. General

We may provide notices to you via either email or regular mail. The Service may also provide notices of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service. If your Country of Residence is the United States or Canada, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within San Francisco, California. If your Country of Residence is the United Kingdom, Ireland, or anywhere except the United States, Canada, Japan, or Australia, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales.  If your Country of Residence is the Japan these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of Japan.  If your Country of Residence is Australia, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly shall be governed by the laws of Victoria. The failure of Weebly to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms). You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or other services, third-party content or third-party software. If any provision of these Terms or incorporated documents are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action brought by you arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. You acknowledge and agree that you are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Further, more than one person's claims may not be consolidated under any circumstances, in any form of any class or representative proceeding or otherwise.

27. Violations

Please visit our Abuse page to report any violations of these Terms.
WhatsApp Terms Of Service

Last modified: August 25, 2016 (archived versions)
WhatsApp Inc. (“WhatsApp,” “our,” “we,” or “us”) provides messaging, Internet calling, and other services to users around the world. Please read our Terms of Service so you understand what’s up with your use of WhatsApp. You agree to our Terms of Service (“Terms”) by installing, accessing, or using our apps, services, features, software, or website (together, “Services”).

NO ACCESS TO EMERGENCY SERVICES: There are important differences between WhatsApp and your mobile and fixed-line telephone and SMS services. Our Services do not provide access to emergency services or emergency services providers, including the police, fire departments, or hospitals, or otherwise connect to public safety answering points. You should ensure you can contact your relevant emergency services providers through a mobile, fixed-line telephone, or other service.

IF YOU ARE A WHATSAPP USER LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR CANADA, OUR TERMS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION, WHICH STATES THAT, EXCEPT IF YOU OPT OUT AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES, WHATSAPP AND YOU AGREE TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE THOSE DISPUTES DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR JURY, AND THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, CLASS ARBITRATIONS, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS. PLEASE READ THE “SPECIAL ARBITRATION PROVISION FOR UNITED STATES OR CANADA USERS” SECTION BELOW TO LEARN MORE.

About our services

Registration. You must register for our Services using accurate data, provide your current mobile phone number, and, if you change it, update this mobile phone number using our in-app change number feature. You agree to receive text messages and phone calls (from us or our third-party providers) with codes to register for our Services.

Address Book. You provide us the phone numbers of WhatsApp users and your other contacts in your mobile phone address book on a regular basis. You confirm you are authorized to provide us such numbers to allow us to provide our Services.

Age. You must be at least 13 years old to use our Services (or such greater age required in your country for you to be authorized to use our Services without parental approval). In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Services under applicable law, if you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our Terms in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to our Terms on your behalf.

Devices and Software. You must provide certain devices, software, and data connections to use our Services, which we otherwise do not supply. For as long as you use our Services, you consent to downloading and installing updates to our Services, including automatically.

Fees and Taxes. You are responsible for all carrier data plan and other fees and taxes associated with your use of our Services. We may charge you for our Services, including applicable taxes. We may refuse or cancel orders. We do not provide refunds for our Services, except as required by law.

Privacy policy and user data

WhatsApp cares about your privacy. WhatsApp’s Privacy Policy describes our information (including message) practices, including the types of information we receive and collect from you and how we use and share this information. You agree to our data practices, including the collection, use, processing, and sharing of your information as described in our Privacy Policy, as well as the transfer and processing of your information to the United States and other countries globally where we have or use facilities, service providers, or partners, regardless of where you use our Services. You acknowledge that the laws, regulations, and standards of the country in which your information is stored or processed may be different from those of your own country.

Acceptable use of our services

Our Terms and Policies. You must use our Services according to our Terms and posted policies. If we disable your account for a violation of our Terms, you will not create another account without our permission.

Legal and Acceptable Use. You must access and use our Services only for legal, authorized, and acceptable purposes. You will not use (or assist others in using) our Services in ways that: (a) violate, misappropriate, or infringe the rights of WhatsApp, our users, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights; (b) are illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, intimidating, harassing, hateful, racially, or ethnically offensive, or instigate or encourage conduct that would be illegal, or otherwise inappropriate, including promoting violent crimes; (c) involve publishing falsehoods, misrepresentations, or misleading statements; (d) impersonate someone; (e) involve sending illegal or impermissible communications such as bulk messaging, auto-messaging, auto-dialing, and the like; or (f) involve any non-personal use of our Services unless otherwise authorized by us.

Harm to WhatsApp or Our Users. You must not (or assist others to) access, use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sublicense, transfer, display, perform, or otherwise exploit our Services in impermissible or unauthorized manners, or in ways that burden, impair, or harm us, our Services, systems, our users, or others, including that you must not directly or through automated means: (a) reverse engineer, alter, modify, create derivative works from, decompile, or extract code from our Services; (b) send, store, or transmit viruses or other harmful computer code through or onto our Services; (c) gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Services or systems; (d) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of our Services; (e) create accounts for our Services through unauthorized or automated means; (f) collect the information of or about our users in any impermissible or unauthorized manner; (g) sell, resell, rent, or charge for our Services; or (h) distribute or make our Services available over a network where they could be used by multiple devices at the same time.

Keeping Your Account Secure. You are responsible for keeping your device and your WhatsApp account safe and secure, and you must notify us promptly of any unauthorized use or security breach of your account or our Services.

Third-party services

Our Services may allow you to access, use, or interact with third-party websites, apps, content, and other products and services. For example, you may choose to use third-party data backup services (such as iCloud or Google Drive) that are integrated with our Services or interact with a share button on a third party’s website that enables you to send information to your WhatsApp contacts. Please note that when you use third-party services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services.

Licenses

Your Rights. WhatsApp does not claim ownership of the information that you submit for your WhatsApp account or through our Services. You must have the necessary rights to such information that you submit for your WhatsApp account or through our Services and the right to grant the rights and licenses in our Terms.

WhatsApp’s Rights. We own all copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade dress, trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property rights associated with our Services. You may not use our copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade dress, patents, and other intellectual property rights unless you have our express permission and except in accordance with our Brand Guidelines. You may use the trademarks www.facebookbrand.com/trademarks of our affiliated companies only with their permission, including as authorized in any published brand guidelines.

Your License to WhatsApp. In order to operate and provide our Services, you grant WhatsApp a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, display, and perform the information (including the content) that you upload, submit, store, send, or receive on or through our Services. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating and providing our Services (such as to allow us to display your profile picture and status message, transmit your messages, store your undelivered messages on our servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver them, and otherwise as described in our Privacy Policy).

WhatsApp’s License to You. We grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to use our Services, subject to and in accordance with our Terms. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use our Services, in the manner permitted by our Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted to you.

Reporting third-party copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property infringement

To report claims of third-party copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property infringement, please visit our Intellectual Property Policy. We may terminate your WhatsApp account if you repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others.

Disclaimers

YOU USE OUR SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK AND SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMERS. WE ARE PROVIDING OUR SERVICES ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY US IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR USEFUL, THAT OUR SERVICES WILL BE OPERATIONAL, ERROR FREE, SECURE, OR SAFE, OR THAT OUR SERVICES WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS, OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE DO NOT CONTROL, AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, CONTROLLING HOW OR WHEN OUR USERS USE OUR SERVICES OR THE FEATURES, SERVICES, AND INTERFACES OUR SERVICES PROVIDE. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR AND ARE NOT OBLIGATED TO CONTROL THE ACTIONS OR INFORMATION (INCLUDING CONTENT) OF OUR USERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES. YOU RELEASE US, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND OUR AND THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS, AND AGENTS (TOGETHER, THE “WHATSAPP PARTIES”) FROM ANY CLAIM, COMPLAINT, CAUSE OF ACTION, CONTROVERSY, OR DISPUTE (TOGETHER, “CLAIM”) AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY SUCH CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY THIRD PARTIES. YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE UNDER CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR APPLICABLE STATUTE OR LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, WHICH SAYS THAT: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

Limitation of liability

THE WHATSAPP PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY IN CONNECTION WITH OUR TERMS, US, OR OUR SERVICES, EVEN IF THE WHATSAPP PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY IN CONNECTION WITH OUR TERMS, US, OR OUR SERVICES WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF CERTAIN DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE LAWS OF SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN OUR TERMS, IN SUCH CASES, THE LIABILITY OF THE WHATSAPP PARTIES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the WhatsApp Parties from and against all liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs) relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with any of the following: (a) your access to or use of our Services, including information provided in connection therewith; (b) your breach or alleged breach of our Terms; or (c) any misrepresentation made by you. You will cooperate as fully as required by us in the defense or settlement of any Claim.

Dispute resolution

Forum and Venue. If you are a WhatsApp user located in the United States or Canada, the “Special Arbitration Provision for United States or Canada Users” section below applies to you. Please also read that section carefully and completely. If you are not subject to the “Special Arbitration Provision for United States or Canada Users” section below, you agree that you will resolve any Claim you have with us relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our Terms, us, or our Services (each, a “Dispute,” and together, “Disputes”) exclusively in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County in California, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such Disputes.

Governing Law. The laws of the State of California govern our Terms, as well as any Disputes, whether in court or arbitration, which might arise between WhatsApp and you, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

Availability and termination of our services

Availability of Our Services. Our Services may be interrupted, including for maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or network or equipment failures. We may discontinue some or all of our Services, including certain features and the support for certain devices and platforms, at any time. Events beyond our control may affect our Services, such as events in nature and other force majeure events.

Termination. We may modify, suspend, or terminate your access to or use of our Services anytime for any reason, such as if you violate the letter or spirit of our Terms or create harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for us, our users, or others. The following provisions will survive any termination of your relationship with WhatsApp: “Licenses,” “Disclaimers,” “Limitation of Liability,” “Indemnification,” “Dispute Resolution,” “Availability and Termination of our Services,” “Other,” and “Special Arbitration Provision for United States or Canada Users.”

Other

Unless a mutually executed agreement between you and us states otherwise, our Terms make up the entire agreement between you and us regarding WhatsApp and our Services, and supersede any prior agreements.
We may ask you to agree to additional terms for certain of our Services in the future, which will govern to the extent there is a conflict between our Terms and such additional terms.
Our Services are not intended for distribution to or use in any country where such distribution or use would violate local law or would subject us to any regulations in another country. We reserve the right to limit our Services in any country.
You will comply with all applicable U.S. and non-U.S. export control and trade sanctions laws (“Export Laws”). You will not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export, provide, or otherwise transfer our Services: (a) to any individual, entity, or country prohibited by Export Laws; (b) to anyone on U.S. or non-U.S. government restricted parties lists; or (c) for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, or missile technology applications without the required government authorizations. You will not use or download our Services if you are located in a restricted country, if you are currently listed on any U.S. or non-U.S. restricted parties list, or for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, and you will not disguise your location through IP proxying or other methods.
Our Terms are written in English (U.S.). Any translated version is provided solely for your convenience. To the extent any translated version of our Terms conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
Any amendment to or waiver of our Terms requires our express consent.
We may amend or update these Terms. We will provide you notice of amendments to our Terms, as appropriate, and update the “Last Modified” date at the top of our Terms. Your continued use of our Services confirms your acceptance of our Terms, as amended. If you do not agree to our Terms, as amended, you must stop using our Services. Please review our Terms from time to time.
All of our rights and obligations under our Terms are freely assignable by us to any of our affiliates or in connection with a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise, and we may transfer your information to any of our affiliates, successor entities, or new owner.
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under our Terms to anyone else without our prior written consent.
Nothing in our Terms will prevent us from complying with the law.
Except as contemplated herein, our Terms do not give any third-party beneficiary rights.
If we fail to enforce any of our Terms, it will not be considered a waiver.
If any provision of these Terms is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from our Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions, except as set forth in the “Special Arbitration Provision for United States or Canada Users” — “Severability” section below.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted by us to you. In certain jurisdictions, you may have legal rights as a consumer, and our Terms are not intended to limit such consumer legal rights that may not be waived by contract.
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about WhatsApp and our Services, but you understand that we may use your feedback or suggestions without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them).
WORLD OF WARCRAFT TERMS OF USE
WORLD OF WARCRAFT®
TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT
Last Updated November 23, 2012
IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!

Welcome to Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.'s massively multi-player on-line role-playing game, World of Warcraft® ("World of Warcraft"). World of Warcraft is the copyrighted work of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. Effective as of May 11, 2009 (the "Effective Date"), World of Warcraft will be hosted in the European Union by Blizzard Entertainment S.A.S. (referred to herein as, "Blizzard Entertainment"), and/or its licensors, and all use of the World of Warcraft proprietary on-line service (the "Service") is governed by the terms and conditions contained in this Terms of Use Agreement entered into between Blizzard Entertainment, and yourself, and includes any future revisions implemented according to the procedure described in Article XII herein (hereafter referred to as the "Terms of Use"). The Service may only be used by obtaining access to the Battlet.net game service (the “Battle.net Service”) and which is subject to a separate terms of use agreement (the “BNET TOU“). The Terms of Use are in addition to, and do not replace or supplant, the "BNET TOU", and the End User License Agreement that accompanied the World of Warcraft software (the "EULA") and to which the World of Warcraft software (the "Game Client") is subject. You must accept the EULA, the Terms of Use and the BNET TOU (collectively, the “Blizzard Agreements”) prior to playing World of Warcraft. Any use of World of Warcraft not in accordance with the Terms of Use is expressly prohibited. You represent that you are a 'natural person' who is over the age of eighteen (18) years old, or over the age of majority in the country where you are a citizen, and agree to these Terms of Use on behalf of yourself and, at your discretion, for one (1) minor child for whom you are a parent or guardian and whom you have authorized to use the account you create on the Service.

I. Accessing the Service

1. Registering on Battle.net to use the Service. You must (i) obtain a World of Warcraft authorization code from Blizzard (usually found in a ‘box’ copy of World of Warcraft or purchased through Battle.net), (ii) register for and log in using an authorized Battle.net account (the “Account”) to play World of Warcraft and (iii) agree to the Terms of Use, the EULA and the BNET TOU. World of Warcraft is available for use only by authorized end users in accordance with the terms of the Blizzard Agreements. Any use, reproduction, modification or distribution of World of Warcraft not expressly authorized by the terms of the Blizzard Agreements is expressly prohibited.

2. Grant of a Limited License to Use the Service. Subject to your agreement to and continuing compliance with the Blizzard Agreements, Blizzard Entertainment hereby grants, and you hereby accept, a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive license to use the Service solely for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes by accessing it with an authorized, unmodified Game Client. You may not use the Service for any other purpose, or in connection with any other software.

3. You hereby agree to pay all charges incurred by the Account, including applicable taxes, in accordance with billing terms for access to the Service that are in effect at the time that the fee or charge becomes payable. Your right to access to the Service is subject to any limits established by your credit card issuer, billing service, 'World of Warcraft Game Card Agreement,' or other payment methods authorized by Blizzard Entertainment.

If you have a balance due on the Account and you have provided Blizzard Entertainment with a credit card, you agree that Blizzard Entertainment can charge these unpaid fees to your credit card or debit them from your debit card, as applicable.

4. Blizzard Entertainment does not recognize the transfer of Accounts, and any unauthorized transfer of the World of Warcraft software will result in the permanent deletion of the Account attached to that software. You may not offer any Account for sale or trade, and any such offer: (1) is a violation of this Agreement; (2) may result in suspension or termination of the Account at Blizzard Entertainment's sole and absolute discretion; and (3) will not be opposable to Blizzard Entertainment.

5. Unless otherwise stated herein, there are no refunds where the Account is terminated prior to the end of a subscription period; the Service will be available for your use until such time that the then-current subscription period expires.
II. Parental Controls.

Parents can restrict the use their child makes of the Service by way of a parental control system. Further information can be found here: http://eu.battle.net/parents
III. Limitations on Your Use of World of Warcraft.

1. The license granted to you in Article I. Section 2. above is subject to the limitations set forth in these Terms of Use, the EULA and the BNET TOU. Limitations on your right to use World of Warcraft may include, but not necessarily be limited to, the following:
(1) Blizzard Entertainment expressly reserves the exclusive right to create derivative works based on World of Warcraft. This means that you may not create derivative works based on World of Warcraft, without the prior express, written permission of Blizzard Entertainment.
(2) Only Blizzard Entertainment or its licensees have the right to host World of Warcraft! Accordingly, you may not host, provide matchmaking services for, or intercept, emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by Blizzard Entertainment as part of World of Warcraft, regardless of the method used to do so. Such prohibited methods may include, but are not limited to, protocol emulation, reverse engineering, modifying World of Warcraft, adding components to World of Warcraft, or using a utility program to host World of Warcraft.

2. You agree that you will not:
(1) modify or cause to be modified any files that are a part of a World of Warcraft installation;
(2) create or use cheats, "mods", and/or hacks, or any other third-party software designed to modify the World of Warcraft experience;
(3) use any third-party software that intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through World of Warcraft;
(4) allow players who are playing characters aligned with the "Alliance" faction to chat or otherwise communicate directly with players who are playing characters aligned with the "Horde" faction, or vice versa;
(5) buy or sell for "real" money or exchange gold, weapons, armor, or any other virtual items that may be used in World of Warcraft outside the World of Warcraft platform;
(6) let any third person (except for a minor for whom you opened the Account) play on your Account including, but not limited to, using so-called "power leveling services", i.e. paying a third person for playing on your Account; or
(7) play on the Account of a third person including, but not limited to, providing so-called "power leveling services";
(8) eavesdrop, intercept or monitor any oral communication which is not intended for you or use any tool designed to distort or prevent oral communication of the users.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may update World of Warcraft with authorized patches and updates distributed by Blizzard, and use authorized Third Party User Interfaces as set forth in Section XVI 7 below; or
(9) whether intentionally or unintentionally, violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation in connection with your use of World of Warcraft or the Service.

3.You may not institute, assist, or become involved in an attack upon any World of Warcraft server or otherwise attempt to disrupt the World of Warcraft servers. You may not institute any such attack which results in the disruption of any other player's World of Warcraft experience. ANY ATTEMPT BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PLAYER ON AN ACCOUNT TRACEABLE TO YOU TO DAMAGE WORLD OF WARCRAFT OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF WORLD OF WARCRAFT IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND, SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE OR ASSISTANCE FOR SUCH AN ATTACK BE PROVIDED, BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH USER TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
IV. World of Warcraft Rules of Conduct.

As with all things, World of Warcraft is governed by certain Rules of Conduct ("Rules of Conduct") that must be adhered to by all users of World of Warcraft. It is your responsibility to know, understand and abide by these Rules of Conduct. The following rules are not meant to be exhaustive, and Blizzard Entertainment reserves the right to determine which conduct it considers to be outside the spirit of the game and to take disciplinary measures in accordance with Article VII of the Terms of Use. Blizzard Entertainment reserves the right to modify these Rules of Conduct at any time pursuant to Article XII of the Terms of Use.

1. Rules Related to Character Names. Each user will either select a character name or allow the World of Warcraft software to automatically select a character name at random. Additionally, users may form "guilds" and such guilds will be required to choose a name for the guild. When you choose a character name, create a guild, or otherwise create a label that can be seen by other players of World of Warcraft, you must abide by the following guidelines as well as the rules of common decency. If Blizzard Entertainment finds such a label to be offensive or improper, it may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change the name, remove the label and corresponding chat room, and/or suspend or terminate your use of World of Warcraft. In particular, you may not use any name:

(1) Belonging to another person with the intent to impersonate that person, including without limitation a "Game Master" or any other employee or agent of Blizzard Entertainment;
(2) That incorporates 'swear' words or which are otherwise offensive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
(3) Subject to the rights of any other person or entity without written authorization from that person or entity;
(4) That belongs to a popular culture figure, celebrity, or media personality;
(5) That is, contains, or is substantially similar to a trademark or service mark, whether registered or not;
(6) Belonging to any religious figure or deity;
(7) Taken from Blizzard Entertainment's Warcraft products, including character names from the Warcraft series of novels;
(8) Related to drugs, sex, alcohol, or criminal activity;
(9) Comprised of partial or complete sentence (e.g., "Inyourface", "Welovebeef", etc);
(10) Comprised of gibberish (e.g., "Asdfasdf", "Jjxccm", "Hvlldrm");
(11) Referring to pop culture icons or personas;
(12) That utilizes "Leet" or "Dudespeak" (e.g., "Roflcopter", "xxnewbxx", "Roxxoryou")
(13) That incorporates titles. For purposes of this subsection, "titles" shall include without limitation 'rank' titles (e.g., "CorporalTed," or "GeneralVlad"), monarchistic or fantasy titles (e.g., "KingMike", "LordSanchez"), and religious titles (e.g., "ThePope," or "Reverend Al").

You may not use a misspelling or an alternative spelling to circumvent the name restrictions listed above, nor can you have a "first" and "last" name that, when combined, violate the above name restrictions.

2. Rules Related to "Chat", Interaction With Other Users or With Blizzard Entertainment Representatives. As part of the game, you may communicate with other users both in writing and orally. You may communicate orally by using a voice over internet protocol technology (the "Voice Client"). Communicating with other users and with Blizzard Entertainment representatives, in writing or orally, is an integral part of World of Warcraft and is referred to in this document together as "Chat". Blizzard Entertainment does not eavesdrop or monitor the content of your oral communication through the Voice Client. Your written communication may be subject to review, modification, and/or deletion by Blizzard Entertainment without notice to you. Additionally, you hereby acknowledge that Blizzard Entertainment is under no obligation to monitor Chat, and you engage in Chat at your own risk. When engaging in Chat in World of Warcraft, or otherwise utilizing World of Warcraft, you may not:

(1) Transmit or post any content or use any language, in writing or orally, which, in the sole and absolute discretion of Blizzard Entertainment, is deemed to be offensive, including without limitation content or language that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, sexually explicit, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, nor may you use a misspelling or an alternative spelling to circumvent the content and language restrictions listed above;
(2)	Carry out any action with a disruptive effect, such as intentionally causing the Chat screen to scroll faster than other users are able to read, or setting up macros with large amounts of text that, when used, can have a disruptive effect on the normal flow of Chat, or using tools that distort or interfere with oral communication of the users;
(3) Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue in Chat or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users including without limitation posting commercial solicitations and/or advertisements for goods and service available outside of the World of Warcraft universe;
(4) Sending repeated unsolicited or unwelcome messages to a single user or repeatedly posting similar messages in a Chat area, including but not limited to continuous advertisements to sell goods or services;
(5) Communicate or post any user's personal information in or on the World of Warcraft, or websites or forums related to World of Warcraft, except that a World of Warcraft user may communicate his or her own personal information in a private message directed to a single user;
(6) Use bots or other automated techniques to collect information from World of Warcraft or any forum or website owned or administered by Blizzard Entertainment;
(7) Harass, threaten, stalk, embarrass or cause distress, unwanted attention or discomfort to any user of World of Warcraft or to Blizzard Entertainment representatives;
(8) Cheat or utilize World of Warcraft "exploits" in any way, including without limitation modification of the game program files;
(9) Participate in any action that, in the sole and absolute opinion of Blizzard Entertainment, results or may result in an authorized user of World of Warcraft being "scammed" or defrauded out of gold, weapons, armor, or any other items that user has earned through authorized game play in World of Warcraft.

3. Rules Related to Game Play. Game play is what World of Warcraft is all about. Accordingly, the rules that govern game play in World of Warcraft are taken very seriously by Blizzard Entertainment. Note that Blizzard Entertainment considers all valid play styles in World of Warcraft to be part of the game, and not harassment, so player-killing the enemies of your race and/or alliance, including gravestone and/or corpse camping, is considered a part of the game. Because World of Warcraft is a "player vs. player" game, you should always remember to protect yourself in areas where the members of hostile races can attack you, rather than contacting Blizzard Entertainment's in-game customer service representatives, referred to herein as "Game Masters," for help when you have been killed by an enemy of your race. Nonetheless, certain acts go beyond what is "fair" and are considered serious violations of these Terms of Use. Those acts include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:

(1) Using or exploiting errors in design, features which have not been documented, and/or "program bugs" to gain access that is otherwise not available, or to obtain a competitive advantage over other players.
(2) Connecting, or creating tools that allow you to connect, to World of Warcraft's proprietary interface or interfaces, other than those explicitly provided by Blizzard Entertainment for your use.
(3) Using tools that hack or otherwise alter the World of Warcraft client or server software.
(4) Using software products that "packet sniff" or provide scripting and/or macroing to obtain information from World of Warcraft.
(5) Anything that Blizzard Entertainment considers contrary to the "essence" of World of Warcraft.
V. Character Migration.

Blizzard Entertainment may, in its sole and absolute discretion, offer certain users the opportunity to move characters from a heavily populated "Character Migration" server to a server designated by Blizzard Entertainment as a "Target Server." If you are offered the opportunity to migrate a character, please note the following:

1. If your character is a "guild master," it cannot be migrated to a Target Server.
2. You must have less than ten (10) characters on the Target Server in order to migrate a character to the Target Server.
3. Character migrations can only occur when the account that you utilize to play World of Warcraft is not in use.
4. You cannot migrate a character to a Target Server if the name of the character is already in use on the Target Server. If a character of the same name already exists on the Target Server, you will be given an opportunity to rename character as part of the Character Migration process. As always, the name must adhere to the naming conventions stated herein.
5. In-game mail sent by or in transit to the character that you intend to migrate will not be migrated to a Target Server.
6. All player auctions involving the character that you intend to migrate will be cancelled and the item, deposit, and the high bid returned to the bidder upon character migration. The item you placed for sale, or your "high bid," will appear in that character's mail when it reaches the Target Server. Note that Blizzard will not be responsible for the loss of in-game funds or items due to the character migration of either a "buyer" or "seller" to an auction house transaction.
7. A target character's friends list will not transfer to a Target Server.
8. A target character's guild affiliation will not transfer to a Target Server.
9. A target character's ignore list will not transfer to a Target Server.
VI. Consequences of Violating the Rules of Conduct.

Blizzard Entertainment may, in its sole and absolute discretion, take whatever action it deems necessary to preserve the integrity of World of Warcraft. Violation of any of the Rules of Conduct set forth above may result in actions being taken by Blizzard Entertainment, effective immediately or at a time determined by Blizzard Entertainment, which may include without limitation: Temporarily suspending your access to World of Warcraft, Permanently terminating your access to World of Warcraft (see Article XV, Section 2 below), Modify a character or an Account, including without limitation, reducing or removing experience points, skills, levels, in-game currency or items; or Temporarily or permanently suspend, or terminate, your access to an Account that you use to access the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Blizzard Entertainment retains the right to decline service to any user who violates the BNET TOU, the Terms of Use and/or the EULA.
VII. Experience Reimbursement.

First and foremost, nothing in these rules will ever place a "duty" upon Blizzard Entertainment to reimburse you by providing experience credit for any experience lost for any reason, unless such loss was caused by Blizzard Entertainment's negligence. That being said, Blizzard Entertainment may, at its sole and absolute option, determine to reimburse experience lost by players in certain extreme and unusual situations. For instance, Blizzard Entertainment may decide to reimburse experience lost in the event of a catastrophic server failure. In no event is Blizzard Entertainment obligated to provide any monetary reimbursement or monetary credit.
VIII. Selling of Items.

Remember, at the outset of these Terms of Use, where we discussed how you were "licensed" the right to use World of Warcraft, and that your license was "limited"? Well, here is one of the more important areas where these license limitations come into effect. Note that Blizzard Entertainment either owns, or has exclusively licensed, all of the content which appears in World of Warcraft. Therefore, no one has the right to "sell" Blizzard Entertainment's content, except Blizzard Entertainment! So Blizzard Entertainment does not recognize any property claims outside of World of Warcraft or the purported sale, gift or trade in the "real world" of anything related to World of Warcraft. Accordingly, you may not sell or purchase virtual items for "real" money or exchange items outside of World of Warcraft. Please note that Blizzard is entitled to and will prevent any such illegal sales.
IX. Online Duration.

World of Warcraft is an 'on-line' game that must be played over the Internet through the Service, as provided by Blizzard Entertainment. It is your entire responsibility to secure an Internet connection and all fees related thereto shall be at your own charge. Blizzard Entertainment will use reasonable efforts to provide the Service all day, every day. However, Blizzard Entertainment reserves the right to temporarily suspend the Service for maintenance, testing, replacement and repair of the telecommunications equipment related to World of Warcraft, as well as for transmission interruption or any other operational needs of the system. Blizzard Entertainment will provide you with 24 hours advance notice of any temporary suspension of World of Warcraft on World of Warcraft’s log-in screen, except in case of urgency. Blizzard Entertainment agrees to provide the servers and software necessary to access the Service until such time as World of Warcraft is "Out of Publication." World of Warcraft shall be considered "Out of Publication" following the date that World of Warcraft is no longer manufactured and/or distributed by Blizzard Entertainment, or its affiliates. Thereafter, Blizzard Entertainment may, in its sole and absolute discretion, continue to provide the Service or license to third parties the right to provide the Service. However, nothing contained herein shall be construed so as to place an obligation upon Blizzard Entertainment to provide the Service beyond the time that World of Warcraft is Out of Publication. In the event that Blizzard determines that it is in its best interest to cease providing the Service, or license to a third party the right to provide the Service, Blizzard Entertainment shall provide you with no less than three (3) months prior notice. Neither the Service nor Blizzard Entertainment's agreement to provide access to the Service shall be considered a rental or lease of time on or capacity of Blizzard Entertainment's servers or other technology.
X. Testing, Maintenance, and Other Potential Interruptions in the Service.

Blizzard Entertainment shall give users notice on the World of Warcraft "Home Page" located at http://eu.battle.net/wow/ prior to Blizzard Entertainment installing software upgrades, performing testing, or performing maintenance on the servers, data transmission lines, and other systems related to World of Warcraft, and/or in the manner set forth in Article XII, below, whenever possible. Note that it is your responsibility to be aware of such notices, and you hereby acknowledge and agree that Blizzard Entertainment shall not be responsible for any damages which may arise from your failure to read and/or be aware of these publicly posted notices. Additionally, Blizzard Entertainment may be required to "shut down" one or more servers to repair the hardware, or software, related to World of Warcraft. While it is Blizzard Entertainment's intention to provide the Service all day, every day, you hereby acknowledge that Blizzard Entertainment reserves the right to temporarily suspend the Service for maintenance, testing, replacement and repair of the telecommunications equipment related to World of Warcraft, as well as for transmission interruption or any other operational needs of the system.
XI. Refunds.

The present refund regulations do not affect or restrict the statutory refund claims you may have. This is an additional refund opportunity contractually offered by Blizzard Entertainment.

1. In the event that you are a "Standard End User," you will have the right, but not the obligation, to terminate the Service, or be provided with a "game time adjustment" to your Account in the event that the Service is suspended or interrupted for more than three consecutive days (72 hours) without Blizzard Entertainment providing prior notice of the suspension of Service as set forth above, unless the suspension or interruption in the Service is due to one of the following events: (1) A "Force Majeure" event, as defined in Article XVI, Section 9. below; (2) Any suspension or interruption of the Service that is attributable to you, or to any other third party including without limitation, our internet service provider and any other user of the Service; (3) Any suspension or interruption of the Service in the event that Blizzard Entertainment's telecommunication providers fail to provide the telecommunication service required to host the Service through no fault of Blizzard Entertainment; and (4) Scheduled maintenance, replacement, regular examination, and/or construction of equipment for the Service where Blizzard Entertainment posts prior notice of the pending interruption in the Service.

2. In the event that you are eligible for a "game time adjustment," Blizzard Entertainment shall credit your Account with four (4) times the amount of time that the Service was interrupted. Note that only current Accounts that are in "good standing" will be eligible for such a "game time adjustment." In the event that you choose to terminate the Service, you shall be entitled to a 'refund' subject to the following terms and conditions:

3. Only current Accounts that are in "good standing," shall be eligible for a refund. Accounts that are "suspended" by Blizzard Entertainment for "non payment," or for a violation of these Terms of Use, are not eligible for a refund.

4. In the event that you are eligible for a refund, and you pay a fee to utilize your Account for a fixed period of time ("Fixed Fees"), Blizzard Entertainment shall provide you with a "pro rata" refund in the same currency as the currency of payment equal to the Fixed Fees for the most recent billing period, less the daily charge for the Service multiplied by the number of days that the Service was available in that billing period.

5. If you purchased "game time" under a program that provided you the right to utilize the Service for a set period of time at a discounted rate ("Discounted Fees"), and you request that Blizzard Entertainment terminate your Account, Blizzard Entertainment shall provide a pro rata refund calculated by deducting from the Discounted Fees an amount equal to the monthly fee that is in effect at as of the date you request termination of your Account divided by 30, and then multiply that amount times with the number of days that you have utilized the Service in the billing period that you purchased for the Discounted Fees.

6. You are entirely liable for all activities conducted through the Account, and are responsible for ensuring that any other person who uses your World of Warcraft account is aware of the terms of and complies with this Agreement. In the event that you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, including without limitation any loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your Password, you will use our automated recovery process.
XII. Our Administration of World of Warcraft; Changes to the Terms of Use.

Blizzard Entertainment may, from time to time, change or modify these Terms of Use. In this case Blizzard Entertainment will notify you of any such changes or modifications by providing special notice. If you do not object to the amended Terms of Use within one (1) month following the special notice, your continued use of World of Warcraft will mean that you accept the amended Terms of Use. With the special notice Blizzard Entertainment will remind you that your continued use after the expiration of one (1) month following the special notice means that you accept any and all changes.
XIII. Ownership.

All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to World of Warcraft (including without limitation any user accounts, titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialogue, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, any related documentation, "applets" incorporated into World of Warcraft, transcripts of the chat rooms, character profile information, recordings of games played on World of Warcraft, and the World of Warcraft client and server software) are owned by Blizzard Entertainment or its licensors. World of Warcraft is protected by the copyright laws of the United States, international copyright treaties and conventions, and other laws. All rights are reserved. World of Warcraft may contain certain licensed materials, and Blizzard Entertainment's licensors may protect their rights in the event of any violation of this Agreement.
XIV. World of Warcraft and Television Service.

Beginning on the Effective Date, as part of the monthly Service subscription fee, you shall receive access to both the World of Warcraft online game and a television service (ESL Turtle TV), which is an IP TV service featuring, among other content, Blizzard games, Blizzard products and other Blizzard related content.
XV. Termination.

This Agreement is effective until the end of the term it is concluded for, unless terminated earlier by either party under the following conditions:

1. You are entitled to terminate this Agreement under the conditions set forth in Section XI and XII herein, as well as for personal bankruptcy, imprisonment, hospitalization for a period exceeding three (3) months, or for any other legitimate reason as may be specified by applicable law or relevant court decision, subject to prior written notice by mail to the following address: Blizzard Entertainment S.A.S. - Support Clients - TSA 60001, 78008 Versailles CEDEX, France.

2. Blizzard Entertainment reserves the right to terminate this Agreement as follows: If you fail to comply with any terms contained in this Agreement, Blizzard Entertainment will provide you with a warning of your non-compliance. In case of a serious violation of this Agreement, Blizzard Entertainment will be entitled to immediately terminate this Agreement without any prior warning. Serious violations are violations of important provisions which include Article III of this Agreement or repeated violations of other provisions of this Agreement, including further non-compliance where you already have received a prior warning. Also, note that in the event that Blizzard Entertainment terminates this Agreement for breach of these Terms of Use, any right to any and all payments you may have made for pre-purchased game access to World of Warcraft are forfeit, and you agree and acknowledge that you are not entitled to any refund for any amounts which were pre-paid on your Account prior to any termination of this Agreement.
XVI. Acknowledgements. You hereby acknowledge that:

1. DURING YOUR REGISTRATION FOR THE BATTLE.NET SERVICE YOU GRANT YOUR CONSENT TO THE FOLLOWING: WHEN RUNNING, THE WORLD OF WARCRAFT CLIENT MAY MONITOR YOUR COMPUTER'S RANDOM ACCESS MEMORY (RAM) AND/OR CPU PROCESSES FOR UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY PROGRAMS RUNNING CONCURRENTLY WITH WORLD OF WARCRAFT. AN "UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY PROGRAM" AS USED HEREIN SHALL BE DEFINED AS ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY "ADDON" OR "MOD," THAT IN BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT'S SOLE DETERMINATION: (1) ENABLES OR FACILITATES CHEATING OF ANY TYPE; (2) ALLOWS USERS TO MODIFY OR HACK THE WORLD OF WARCRAFT INTERFACE, ENVIRONMENT, AND/OR EXPERIENCE IN ANY WAY NOT EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED BY BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT; OR (3) INTERCEPTS, "MINES," OR OTHERWISE COLLECTS INFORMATION FROM OR THROUGH WORLD OF WARCRAFT; (4) IN THE EVENT THAT WORLD OF WARCRAFT DETECTS AN UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY PROGRAM, BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT MAY (a) COMMUNICATE INFORMATION BACK TO BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ACCOUNT NAME, DETAILS ABOUT THE UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY PROGRAM DETECTED, AND THE TIME AND DATE THE UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY PROGRAM WAS DETECTED; AND/OR (b) EXERCISE ANY OR ALL OF ITS RIGHTS UNDER ANY BLIZZARD AGREEMENT, WITH OR WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE TO THE USER.

2. You assume the cost of all telephone and Internet access charges along with all necessary equipment, servicing, repair or correction incurred in maintaining connectivity to World of Warcraft's servers.

3. Blizzard Entertainment has the right to obtain certain identification information about your computer and its operating system, including the identification numbers of your hard drives, central processing unit, IP addresses and operating systems, for identification purposes without any further notice to you.

4. Blizzard Entertainment has the right to obtain "non-personal" data from your connection to World of Warcraft in order to make certain demographic assumptions regarding the users of World of Warcraft without any further notice to you.

5. In order to assist Blizzard Entertainment to police users who may use "hacks," or "cheats" to gain an advantage over other players, you acknowledge that Blizzard Entertainment shall have the right to obtain certain information from your computer and its component parts, including your computer's random access memory, video card, central processing unit, and storage devices. This information will only be used for the purpose of identifying "cheaters," and for no other reason.

6. BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT WORLD OF WARCRAFT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT WORLD OF WARCRAFT OR THE SERVICE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. Blizzard Entertainment expressly notifies you that it is not possible to develop complex software products that are completely free of technical defects. The contractually-specified characteristics of the software and the service to be provided by Blizzard Entertainment does not require that the software be completely free of programming errors but merely that the software be free of programming errors that materially impair its use.

7. The use of any "user interface" other than the user interface that is included in the World of Warcraft Software ("Third Party User Interface") is not recommended by Blizzard Entertainment, and you hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Blizzard Entertainment from all claims, damages, and other losses which may arise from your use of a Third Party User Interface. At such time that Blizzard elects to post a list of approved Third-Party User Interfaces on its website, you agree that you will use only those Third-Party User Interfaces approved by Blizzard, and that you will use no other Third-Party User Interfaces in connection with World of Warcraft.

8. You may not be able to access World of Warcraft whenever you want, and there may be extended periods of time where you cannot access World of Warcraft.

9. Blizzard Entertainment shall not be held liable for any delay or failure to perform under any circumstances resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of Blizzard Entertainment; including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Blizzard Entertainment's control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.

10. World of Warcraft requires the creation and retention of electronic files, including without limitation player characters, accounts, statistics, user profiles, weapons, armor, quests, loot, etc. ("Game Data"), which are stored by Blizzard Entertainment (for the avoidance of doubt, data concerning the players' use of the Voice Client is not stored). Keeping Game Data safe is a priority of Blizzard Entertainment. Blizzard Entertainment will use reasonable efforts to restore the Game Data, unless you negligently or intentionally caused the loss of the Game Data.

11. If and as far as necessary to operate the Service in accordance with the terms contained herein, in particular to keep a balanced and enjoyable gaming experience for all players Blizzard Entertainment reserves the right to modify or delete Game Data.
XVII. Limitation of Liability.

1. Blizzard Entertainment is liable in accordance with statutory law (i) in case of intentional breach, (ii) in case of gross negligence, (iii) for damages arising as result of any injury to life, limb or health or (iv) under any applicable product liability act. Gross negligence refers to an action or omission of significant carelessness, demonstrating a clear disregard of one’s basic duties.

2. Without limiting the liability under Article XVII.1. above, Blizzard Entertainment is only liable for slight negligence in case of a breach of a material contractual obligation. Material contractual obligation means any obligation (i) which is necessary for the fulfillment of the Agreement, (ii) the breach of which would jeopardize the purpose of the Agreement and (iii) the compliance with which you may generally trust in. In such cases, the liability will be limited to the typical and foreseeable damages. Slight negligence means any negligence which is not gross negligence.
XVIII. Miscellaneous.

1. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws applicable in your country of residence. Those who choose to access World of Warcraft through the Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. World of Warcraft, the Service and all related software is further subject to applicable export controls. The software utilized by World of Warcraft and/or the Service may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.

2. If any provision of this Agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms of Use are the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and Blizzard Entertainment concerning the Service, and this Agreement supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement, either oral or written, and any other communications with regard thereto between you and Blizzard Entertainment; provided, however that this Agreement is in addition to, and does not replace or supplant, the EULA, or the BNET TOU. In the event that there is conflict between the terms of these Terms of Use and the BNET TOU, the terms contained in these Terms of Use shall govern and control. This Agreement may only be modified as set forth in Section XII. Also, note that in the event that Blizzard Entertainment is contacted by governmental authorities and/or parties seeking information or legal redress against you for a violation committed by you or alleged to have been committed by you involving your use of World of Warcraft, Blizzard Entertainment will cooperate fully with all governmental authorities ensuring an adequate level of protection as required under Article 25 of European Directive 95/46/EC, and any lawful orders of the court with regard to the release of information that relates to you and your use of World of Warcraft, including but not limited to user Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, associated personal information and all other user information on file. The section headings used herein are for reference only and shall not be read to have any legal effect.

I hereby agree that my use of the World of Warcraft service is an acknowledgment of my agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

© 2012 Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. World of Warcraft, Warcraft and Blizzard Entertainment are trademarks or registered trademarks, of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc., in the U.S. and/or other countries. All rights are reserved.

Yahoo Terms of Service
 
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Yahoo Holdings, Inc. ("Yahoo") welcomes you. Yahoo provides the Yahoo Services (defined below) to you subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/terms/utos/index.html. By accessing and using the Yahoo Services, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provision of the TOS. In addition, when using particular Yahoo owned or operated services, you and Yahoo shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted and modified from time to time. All such guidelines or rules (including but not limited to our Spam Policy) are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. Yahoo may also offer other services that are governed by different Terms of Service. In such cases the other terms of service will be posted on the relevant service to which they apply.
DESCRIPTION OF YAHOO SERVICES
Yahoo provides users with access to a rich collection of resources, including without limitation various communications tools, forums, shopping services, search services, personalized content and branded programming through its network of properties which may be accessed through any various medium or device now known or hereafter developed (the "Yahoo Services"). You also understand and agree that the Yahoo Services may include advertisements and that these advertisements are necessary for Yahoo to provide the Yahoo Services. You also understand and agree that the Yahoo Services may include certain communications from Yahoo, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter, and that these communications are considered part of Yahoo membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Yahoo Services, including the release of new Yahoo properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Yahoo Services is provided "AS-IS" and that Yahoo assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Yahoo Services, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). You are responsible for those fees, including those fees associated with the display or delivery of advertisements. In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Yahoo Services. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Yahoo Services, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Please be aware that Yahoo has created certain areas on the Yahoo Services that contain adult or mature content. You must be at least 18 years of age to access and view such areas.
YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
In consideration of your use of the Yahoo Services, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving the Yahoo Services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Yahoo Service's registration form (the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Yahoo has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Yahoo has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Yahoo Services (or any portion thereof). You must be aged 13 or over to use the Services. If you have a pre-existing Family Account covering children aged under 13 then you have an ongoing responsibility to determine whether any of the Yahoo Services areas and/or Content (as defined in Section 6 below) are appropriate for your child.
YAHOO PRIVACY POLICY
Registration Data and certain other information about you are subject to our applicable privacy policy. For more information, see the full Yahoo Privacy Policy at https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html. You understand that through your use of the Yahoo Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the applicable privacy policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Yahoo and its affiliates.
MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Yahoo Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Yahoo of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Yahoo cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 5.
MEMBER CONDUCT
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not Yahoo, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Yahoo Services. Yahoo does not control the Content posted via the Yahoo Services and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Yahoo Services, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Yahoo be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Yahoo Services. You agree to not use the Yahoo Services to:
upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;
harm minors in any way;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Yahoo official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Yahoo Service;
upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as shopping) that are designated for such purpose (please read our complete Spam Policy);
upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Yahoo Services are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
interfere with or disrupt the Yahoo Services or servers or networks connected to the Yahoo Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Yahoo Services, including using any device, software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another; and/or
collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs 6.1 through 6.13 above.
You acknowledge that Yahoo may or may not pre-screen Content, but that Yahoo and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any Content that is available via the Yahoo Services. Without limiting the foregoing, Yahoo and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by Yahoo or submitted to Yahoo, including without limitation information in Yahoo Message Boards and in all other parts of the Yahoo Services.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Yahoo may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce the TOS; (iii) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users and the public.

You understand that the Yahoo Services and software embodied within the Yahoo Services may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by Yahoo and/or content providers who provide content to the Yahoo Services. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Yahoo Services. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the Yahoo Services, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.

INTERSTATE NATURE OF COMMUNICATIONS ON YAHOO NETWORK
When you register with Yahoo, you acknowledge that in using the Yahoo Services to send electronic communications (including but not limited to email, search queries, sending messages to Yahoo Chat or Yahoo Groups, uploading photos and files to Flickr, and other Internet activities), you will be causing communications to be sent through Yahoo's computer networks, portions of which are located in California, Texas, Virginia, and other locations in the United States and portions of which are located abroad. As a result, and also as a result of Yahoo's network architecture and business practices and the nature of electronic communications, even communications that seem to be intrastate in nature can result in the transmission of interstate communications regardless of where you are physically located at the time of transmission. Accordingly, by agreeing to this TOS, you acknowledge that use of the service results in interstate data transmissions.
SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USE AND EXPORT AND IMPORT COMPLIANCE
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Use of the Yahoo Services and transfer, posting and uploading of software, technology, and other technical data via the Yahoo Services may be subject to the export and import laws of the United States and other countries. You agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations, including without limitation the Export Administration Regulations (see http://www.access.gpo.gov/bis/ear/ear_data.html) and sanctions control programs of the United States (see http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx). In particular, you represent and warrant that you: (a) are not a prohibited party identified on any government export exclusion lists (see http://www.bis.doc.gov/complianceandenforcement/liststocheck.htm) or a member of a government of any other export-prohibited countries as identified in applicable export and import laws and regulations; (b) will not transfer software, technology, and other technical data via the Yahoo Services to export-prohibited parties or countries; (c) will not use the Yahoo Services for military, nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weaponry end uses in violation of U.S. export laws; and (d) will not transfer, upload, or post via the Yahoo Services any software, technology or other technical data in violation of U.S. or other applicable export or import laws.
CONTENT SUBMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION ON THE YAHOO SERVICES
Yahoo does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Yahoo Services. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services, you grant Yahoo the following worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license(s), as applicable:
With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of Yahoo Groups, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Yahoo Services solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the specific Yahoo Group to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Yahoo Services and will terminate at the time you remove or Yahoo removes such Content from the Yahoo Services.
With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services other than Yahoo Groups, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Yahoo Services solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Yahoo Services and will terminate at the time you remove or Yahoo removes such Content from the Yahoo Services.
With respect to Content other than photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services other than Yahoo Groups, the perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed.
"Publicly accessible" areas of the Yahoo Services are those areas of the Yahoo network of properties that are intended by Yahoo to be available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services would include Yahoo Message Boards and portions of Yahoo Groups and Flickr that are open to both members and visitors. However, publicly accessible areas of the Yahoo Services would not include portions of Yahoo Groups that are limited to members, Yahoo services intended for private communication such as Yahoo Mail or Yahoo Messenger, or areas off of the Yahoo network of properties such as portions of World Wide Web sites that are accessible via hypertext or other links but are not hosted or served by Yahoo.

CONTRIBUTIONS TO YAHOO 
By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals ("Contributions") to Yahoo through its suggestion or feedback webpages, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information; (b) Yahoo is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Contributions; (c) Yahoo shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (d) Yahoo may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development; (e) your Contributions automatically become the property of Yahoo without any obligation of Yahoo to you; and (f) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Yahoo under any circumstances.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold Yahoo and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit, modify or otherwise make available through the Yahoo Services, your use of the Yahoo Services, your connection to the Yahoo Services, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.
NO COMMERCIAL REUSE OF YAHOO SERVICES 
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion or use of, or access to, the Yahoo Services (including Content, advertisements, Software and your Yahoo ID).
GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING USE AND STORAGE
You acknowledge that Yahoo may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Yahoo Services, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Yahoo Services, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Yahoo Services, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Yahoo Services, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Yahoo's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Yahoo Services in a given period of time. You agree that Yahoo has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Yahoo Services. You acknowledge that Yahoo reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that Yahoo reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time. Yahoo Messenger, including any web-based versions, will allow you and the people with whom you communicate to save your conversations in your Yahoo accounts located on Yahoo servers. This means you can access and search your message history from any computer with access to the internet. Whether or not you use this feature, other users may choose to use it to save conversations with you in their account on Yahoo too. Your agreement to this TOS constitutes your consent to allow Yahoo to store these communications on its servers.
MODIFICATIONS TO YAHOO SERVICES
Yahoo reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Yahoo Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Yahoo shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Yahoo Services (or any part thereof).
TERMINATION
You may terminate your Yahoo account, any associated email address and access to the Yahoo Services by submitting such termination request to Yahoo. You agree that Yahoo may, without prior notice, immediately terminate, limit your access to or suspend your Yahoo account, any associated email address, and access to the Yahoo Services. Cause for such termination, limitation of access or suspension shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the TOS or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b)requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) discontinuance or material modification to the Yahoo Services (or any part thereof), (d) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (e) extended periods of inactivity, (f) engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, and/or (g) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Yahoo Services. Further, you agree that all terminations, limitations of access and suspensions for cause shall be made in Yahoo's sole discretion and that Yahoo shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Yahoo Services. Termination of your Yahoo account includes any or all of the following: (a) removal of access to all or part of the offerings within the Yahoo Services, (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (c) barring of further use of all or part of the Yahoo Services.
DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Yahoo Services, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that Yahoo shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Yahoo Services.
LINKS
The Yahoo Services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Yahoo is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Yahoo shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
YAHOO'S PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the Yahoo Services and any necessary software used in connection with the Yahoo Services ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in advertisements or information presented to you through the Yahoo Services or by advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or as authorized by Yahoo or the applicable licensor (such as an advertiser), you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transmit, broadcast, publicly perform or create derivative works based on the Yahoo Services, such Content or the Software, in whole or in part. Yahoo grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Yahoo Services. You agree not to access the Yahoo Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Yahoo for use in accessing the Yahoo Services.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE YAHOO SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE YAHOO SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. YAHOO AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
YAHOO AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION WITH RESPECT TO ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, INTERNET ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR DISPLAY DEVICE, OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM YAHOO OR THROUGH OR FROM THE YAHOO SERVICES OR SOFTWARE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
A SMALL PERCENTAGE OF USERS MAY EXPERIENCE EPILEPTIC SEIZURES WHEN EXPOSED TO CERTAIN LIGHT PATTERNS OR BACKGROUNDS ON A COMPUTER SCREEN OR WHILE USING THE YAHOO SERVICE. CERTAIN CONDITIONS MAY INDUCE PREVIOUSLY UNDETECTED EPILEPTIC SYMPTOMS EVEN IN USERS WHO HAVE NO HISTORY OF PRIOR SEIZURES OR EPILEPSY. IF YOU, OR ANYONE IN YOUR FAMILY, HAVE AN EPILEPTIC CONDITION, CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN PRIOR TO USING THE YAHOO SERVICE. IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE USE OF THE YAHOO SERVICES AND CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING SYMPTOMS WHILE USING THE YAHOO SERVICE: DIZZINESS, ALTERED VISION, EYE OR MUSCLE TWITCHES, LOSS OF AWARENESS, DISORIENTATION, ANY INVOLUNTARY MOVEMENT, OR CONVULSIONS.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YAHOO AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF YAHOO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (a) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE YAHOO SERVICE; (b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES; (c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE YAHOO SERVICE; OR (e) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE YAHOO SERVICE.
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 19 AND 20 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
SPECIAL ADMONITION FOR YAHOO SERVICES RELATING TO FINANCIAL MATTERS
If you intend to create or join any service, receive or request any news, messages, alerts or other information from the Yahoo Services concerning companies, stock quotes, investments or securities, please read the above Sections 19 and 20 again. They go doubly for you. In addition, for this type of information particularly, the phrase "Let the investor beware" is apt. The Yahoo Services is provided for informational purposes only, and no Content included in the Yahoo Services is intended for trading or investing purposes. Yahoo and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Yahoo Services, and shall not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions based on such information.
NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES
You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this TOS, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement.
NOTICE 
Yahoo may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the TOS, including by but not limited to email, regular mail, SMS, MMS, text message, postings on the Yahoo Services, or other reasonable means now known or hereafter developed. Such notices may not be received if you violate this TOS by accessing the Yahoo Services in an unauthorized manner. Your agreement to this TOS constitutes your agreement that you are deemed to have received any and all notices that would have been delivered had you accessed the Yahoo Services in an authorized manner.
TRADEMARK INFORMATION 
You agree that all of Yahoo’s trademarks, trade names, service marks and other Yahoo logos and brand features, and product and service names are trademarks and the property of Yahoo Holdings, Inc. (the "Yahoo Marks"). Without Yahoo's prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner the Yahoo Marks.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
Yahoo respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Yahoo may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Yahoo's Copyright Agent the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Yahoo's Agent for Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail:
Copyright Agent
c/o Yahoo Holdings, Inc.
701 First Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089

By phone: (408) 349-5080
By fax: (408) 349-7821

By email: copyright@yahoo-inc.com

CLOSED CAPTIONING
Yahoo complies with applicable Federal Communications Commission rules and regulations regarding the closed captioning of video content. Please visit https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/cc/index.htm for more information or to register any concerns or complaints regarding video content accessible on the Yahoo network of properties.
GENERAL INFORMATION
Entire Agreement. The TOS constitutes the entire agreement between you and Yahoo and governs your use of the Yahoo Services, superseding any prior version of this TOS between you and Yahoo with respect to the Yahoo Services. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other Yahoo services, affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. Choice of Law and Forum. You and Yahoo each agree that the TOS and the relationship between the parties shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions and that any and all claims, causes of action or disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to the TOS, or the relationship between you and Yahoo, shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in the county of Santa Clara, California or the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. You and Yahoo agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California or the Northern District of California, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts. Waiver and Severability of Terms. The failure of Yahoo to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect. No Right of Survivorship and Non-Transferability. You agree that your Yahoo account is non-transferable and any rights to your Yahoo ID or contents within your account terminate upon your death. Upon receipt of a copy of a death certificate, your account may be terminated and all contents therein permanently deleted. Statute of Limitations. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Yahoo Services or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Yahoo may freely assign the TOS and all of the policies and other documents incorporated or referenced in it (including all rights, licenses, and obligations under it or them), in whole or in part and without notice.
VIOLATIONS
Please report any violations of the TOS to our Customer Care group.
Last updated: 2017-06-13

Terms of Service
Last Updated on November 27, 2012. These terms and conditions are effective immediately for those registering accounts after that date and will become effective December 27, 2012 for those with pre-existing accounts. To review the previous terms, please click here.

These terms and conditions (the "Terms") govern your access to and use of Yelp's websites and mobile applications that link to or reference these Terms ("Site"). By accessing or using the Site, you are agreeing to these Terms and concluding a legally binding contract with Yelp Ireland Ltd., a company incorporated in Ireland ("Yelp"). Do not access or use the Site if you are unwilling or unable to be bound by the Terms.

DEFINITIONS
Parties
"You" and "your" refer to you, as a user of the Site. A "user" is someone who accesses, browses, crawls, scrapes, or in any way uses the Site. "We", "us", and "our" refer to Yelp.

Content
"Content" means text, images, photos, audio, video, location data, and all other forms of data or communication. "Your Content" means Content that you submit or transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site, such as ratings, reviews, compliments, invitations, check-ins, messages, and information that you publicly display or displayed in your account profile. "User Content" means Content that users submit or transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site. "Yelp Content" means Content that we create and make available in connection with the Site. "Third Party Content" means Content that originates from parties other than Yelp or its users, which is made available in connection with the Site. "Site Content" means all of the Content that is made available in connection with the Site, including Your Content, User Content, Third Party Content, and Yelp Content.

CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE
We may modify the Terms from time to time. The most current version of these Terms will be located here. You understand and agree that your access to or use of the Site is governed by the Terms effective at the time of your access to or use of the Site. If we make material changes to these Terms, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Site prior to the effective date of the changes. We will also indicate at the top of this page the date that revisions were last made. You should revisit these Terms on a regular basis as revised versions will be binding on you. Any such modification will be effective upon our posting of new Terms. You understand and agree that your continued access to or use of the Site after the effective date of modifications to the Terms indicates your acceptance of the modifications.

TRANSLATION
We may translate these Terms into other languages for your convenience. Nevertheless, the English version governs your relationship with Yelp, and any inconsistencies among the different versions will be resolved in favor of the English version.

USING THE SITE
Eligibility
To access or use the Site, you must be 18 years or older and have the requisite power and authority to enter into these Terms. You may not access or use the Site if you are a competitor of ours or if we have previously banned you from the Site or closed your account.

Permission to Use the Site
We grant you permission to use the Site subject to the restrictions in these Terms. Your use of the Site is at your own risk, including the risk that you might be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, objectionable, or otherwise inappropriate.

Site Availability
The Site may be modified, updated, interrupted, suspended or discontinued at any time without notice or liability.

User Accounts
You must create an account and provide certain information about yourself in order to use some of the features that are offered through the Site. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password. You are also responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. We reserve the right to close your account at any time for any or no reason.

Your account is for your personal, non-commercial use only. In creating it, we ask that you provide complete and accurate information about yourself to bolster your credibility as a contributor to the Site. You may not impersonate someone else (e.g., adopt the identity of a celebrity or your next-door neighbor), create or use an account for anyone other than yourself, provide an email address other than your own, or create multiple accounts. If you use a pseudonym, take care to note that others may still be able to identify you if, for example, you include identifying information in your reviews, use the same account information on other sites, or allow other sites to share information about you with Yelp. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.

Communications from Yelp and other Users
By creating an account, you agree to receive certain communications in connection with the Site. For example, you might receive compliments or friend requests from other Users. You will also receive our weekly e-mail newsletter about happenings in your neighborhood. You can opt-out of non-essential communications here.

CONTENT
Responsibility for Your Content
You alone are responsible for Your Content, and once published, it cannot always be withdrawn. You assume all risks associated with Your Content, including anyone's reliance on its quality, accuracy, or reliability, or any disclosure by you of information in Your Content that makes you personally identifiable. You represent that you own, or have the necessary permissions to use and authorize the use of Your Content as described herein. You may not imply that Your Content is in any way sponsored or endorsed by Yelp.

You may expose yourself to liability if, for example, Your Content contains material that is false, intentionally misleading, or defamatory; violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; contains material that is unlawful, including illegal hate speech or pornography; exploits or otherwise harms minors; or violates or advocates the violation of any law or regulation.

Our Right to Use Your Content
We may use Your Content in a number of different ways, including publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to do the same in connection with their own websites and media platforms ("Other Media"). As such, you hereby irrevocably grant us world-wide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, assignable, sublicensable, transferable rights to use Your Content for any purpose. Please note that you also irrevocably grant the users of the Site and any Other Media the right to access Your Content in connection with their use of the Site and any Other Media. Finally, you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against Yelp and its users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content. By "use" we mean use, copy, publicly perform and display, reproduce, distribute, modify, translate, remove, analyze, commercialize, and prepare derivative works of Your Content.

Ownership
As between you and Yelp, you own Your Content. We own the Yelp Content, including but not limited to visual interfaces, interactive features, graphics, design, compilation, including, but not limited to, our compilation of User Content and other Site Content, computer code, products, software, aggregate user review ratings, and all other elements and components of the Site excluding Your Content, User Content and Third Party Content. We also own the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and other intellectual and proprietary rights throughout the world ("IP Rights") associated with the Yelp Content and the Site, which are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, trademark laws and all other applicable intellectual and proprietary rights and laws. As such, you may not modify, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display or in any way exploit any of the Yelp Content in whole or in part except as expressly authorized by us. Except as expressly and unambiguously provided herein, we do not grant you any express or implied rights, and all rights in and to the Site and the Yelp Content are retained by us.

Advertising
Yelp and its licensees may publicly display advertisements and other information adjacent to or included with Your Content. You are not entitled to any compensation for such advertisements. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising are subject to change without specific notice to you.

Content Feeds
We make some of the Site Content ("Feed Content") available via Real Simple Syndication and Atom feeds ("Feeds"). You may access and use the Feeds in order to display Feed Content on your personal computer, website, or blog ("Your Site"), provided that (i) your use of the Feeds is for personal, non-commercial purposes only, (ii) your display of the Feed Content links back to the relevant pages on Yelp's websites, and attributes Yelp as the source of the Feed Content, (iii) your use or display of the Feed Content does not suggest that Yelp promotes or endorses any third party causes, ideas, websites, products or services, including Your Site, (iv) you do not redistribute the Feed Content, and (v) your use of the Feeds does not overburden Yelp's systems. Yelp reserves all rights in the Feed Content and may terminate the Feeds at any time. Please select "Partnerships" on our contacts page here to inquire about other possible uses of the Feeds.

Other
User Content (including any that may have been created by users employed or contracted by Yelp) does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Yelp. We reserve the right to remove, screen, edit, or reinstate User Content from time to time at our sole discretion for any reason or no reason, and without notice to you. For example, we may remove a review if we believe it violates our Content Guidelines. We have no obligation to retain or provide you with copies of Your Content, nor do we guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Your Content.

RESTRICTIONS
We are under no obligation to enforce the Terms on your behalf against another user. While we encourage you to let us know if you believe another user has violated the Terms, we reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action at our sole discretion.

You agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to use the Site to:
Violate our Content Guidelines, for example, by writing a fake or defamatory review, trading reviews with other businesses, or compensating someone or being compensated to write or remove a review;
Violate any third party's rights, including any breach of confidence, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;
Threaten, stalk, harm, or harass others, or promote bigotry or discrimination;
Promote a business or other commercial venture or event, or otherwise use the Site for commercial purposes, except in connection with a Business Account and as expressly permitted by Yelp;
Send bulk emails, surveys, or other mass messaging, whether commercial in nature or not; engage in keyword spamming, or otherwise attempt to manipulate the Site's search results or any third party website;
Solicit personal information from minors, or submit or transmit pornography; or
Violate any applicable law.
You also agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to:
Violate the Terms;
Modify, adapt, appropriate, reproduce, distribute, translate, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display, sell, trade, or in any way exploit the Site or Site Content (other than Your Content), except as expressly authorized by Yelp;
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index any portion of the Site or any Site Content;
Reverse engineer any portion of the Site;
Remove or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice that appears on any portion of the Site or on any materials printed or copied from the Site;
Record, process, or mine information about other users;
Access, retrieve or index any portion of the Site for purposes of constructing or populating a searchable database of business reviews;
Reformat or frame any portion of the Site;
Take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Yelp's technology infrastructure or otherwise make excessive traffic demands of the Site;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, user accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Site through hacking, password mining or any other means;
Use the Site or any Site Content to transmit any computer viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses or other items of a destructive nature (collectively, "Viruses");
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site, or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site;
Use the Site to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes; disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Site or Site Content; or
Remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any security-related features of the Site, features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of Site Content, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Site.
The restrictions above only apply to the extent permissible under applicable law. Nevertheless, you agree not to act contrary to them (even if permissible under applicable law) without providing 30 days' prior written notice to us here, together with any information that we may reasonably require to give us an opportunity to provide alternative remedies or otherwise accommodate you at our sole discretion.

GUIDELINES AND POLICIES
Content Guidelines
You represent that you have read and understood our Content Guidelines.

Privacy
You represent that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy. Note that we may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good faith belief that such a disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (ii) enforce or apply our Terms and Privacy Policy; (iii) comply with legal process or other government inquiry, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; or (iv) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. If you use the Site outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.

Copyright And Trademark Disputes
Please see our Infringement Policy for information about copyright and trademark disputes.

Events
Please see our Event Terms and Conditions for information about events listed on or linked to on the Site. You represent that you have read and understood them.

YELP DEALS AND YELP ADVERTISING
If you purchase a Yelp Deal or Gift Certificate, the terms of your purchase will be governed by the Yelp General Terms for Deals and Certificates. Please review them before you make each purchase since they may change from time to time. In the event of any conflict between the Yelp General Terms for Deals and Certificates and these Terms, the Yelp General Terms for Deals and Certificates will prevail.

Similarly, if you create a business owner's account on the Site or purchase advertising from Yelp, the Yelp Advertising Agreement will apply. In the event of any conflict between the Yelp Advertising Agreement and these Terms, the Yelp Advertising Agreement will prevail.

SUGGESTIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS
By sending us any ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals ("Feedback"), you agree that (i) your Feedback does not contain the confidential or proprietary information of third parties, (ii) we are under no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback, (iii) we may have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in development, and (iv) you grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, distribute and sublicense the Feedback, and you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against Yelp and its users any claims and assertions of any moral rights contained in such Feedback.

THIRD PARTIES
The Site may include links to other websites or applications (each, a "Third Party Site"). We do not control or endorse any Third Party Site. You agree that we are not responsible for the availability or contents of such Third Party Sites. Your use of Third Party Sites is at your own risk.

Some of the services made available through the Site may be subject to additional third party or open source licensing terms and disclosures, including the ones posted here and incorporated herein by reference.

INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Yelp, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, any related companies, suppliers, licensors and partners, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of them (collectively, the "Yelp Entities") harmless, including costs, liabilities and legal fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party arising out of or relating to (i) your access to or use of the Site, (ii) your violation of the Terms, (iii) any products or services purchased or obtained by you in connection with the Site, or (iv) the infringement by you, or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Yelp reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any such matter without the prior written consent of Yelp. Yelp will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.

DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY SINCE IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF THE YELP ENTITIES TO YOU. EACH OF THE SUBSECTIONS BELOW ONLY APPLIES UP TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. NOTHING HEREIN IS INTENDED TO LIMIT ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY LIMITED. IF YOU ARE UNSURE ABOUT THIS OR ANY OTHER SECTION OF THESE TERMS, PLEASE CONSULT WITH A LEGAL PROFESSIONAL PRIOR TO ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THIS SECTION. YOU ARE GIVING UP SUBSTANTIAL LEGAL RIGHTS BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS.

THE SITE IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU ON AN "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITH THE EXPRESS UNDERSTANDING THAT THE YELP ENTITIES MAY NOT MONITOR, CONTROL, OR VET USER CONTENT. AS SUCH, YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. THE YELP ENTITIES MAKE NO CLAIMS OR PROMISES ABOUT THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE SITE, ITS SAFETY OR SECURITY, OR THE SITE CONTENT. ACCORDINGLY, THE YELP ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MIGHT ARISE, FOR EXAMPLE, FROM THE SITE'S INOPERABILITY, UNAVAILABILITY OR SECURITY VULNERABILITIES OR FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE BUSINESS LISTINGS, RATINGS, REVIEWS (INCLUDING THEIR CONTENT, ORDER, AND DISPLAY), OR METRICS FOUND ON, USED ON, OR MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE.

THE YELP ENTITIES MAKE NO CLAIMS OR PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY, SUCH AS THE BUSINESSES OR ADVERTISERS LISTED ON THE SITE OR THE SITE'S USERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE YELP ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MIGHT ARISE FROM THEIR ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS, INCLUDING, FOR EXAMPLE, IF ANOTHER USER OR BUSINESS MISUSES YOUR CONTENT, IDENTITY OR PERSONAL INFORMATION, OR IF YOU HAVE A NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE WITH ONE OF THE BUSINESSES OR ADVERTISERS LISTED OR FEATURED ON THE SITE. YOUR PURCHASE AND USE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.

THE YELP ENTITIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES AS TO THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY BUSINESSES LISTED ON THE SITE, AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED TO YOU BY A REPRESENTATIVE OF ONE OF THE YELP ENTITIES SHALL CREATE A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY.

YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHT AND REMEDY IN CASE OF DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, RELATED SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER GRIEVANCE SHALL BE YOUR TERMINATION AND DISCONTINUATION OF ACCESS TO, OR USE OF THE SITE.

THE YELP ENTITIES' MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT YOU SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR THESE TERMS IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (i) THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO THE YELP ENTITIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY, OR (ii) £100.

THE YELP ENTITIES DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY (i) INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, RELIANCE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, (ii) LOSS OF PROFITS, (iii) BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, (iv) REPUTATIONAL HARM, OR (v) LOSS OF INFORMATION OR DATA.

CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE
Irish law will govern these Terms, as well as any claim, cause of action or dispute that might arise between you and Yelp (a "Claim"), without regard to conflict of law provisions. FOR ANY CLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY, YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT AND CONSENT TO THE PERSONAL AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE COURTS OF DUBLIN, IRELAND.

TERMINATION
You may terminate the Terms at any time by closing your account, discontinuing your use of the Site, and providing Yelp with a notice of termination here. Please review our Privacy Policy	for information about what we do with your account when terminated.

We may close your account, suspend your ability to use certain portions of the Site, and/or ban you altogether from the Site for any or no reason, and without notice or liability of any kind. Any such action could prevent you from accessing your account, the Site, Your Content, Site Content, or any other related information.

In the event of any termination of these Terms, whether by you or us, Sections 1, 5, 6, 10 - 14 will continue in full force and effect, including our right to use Your Content as detailed in Section 5.

GENERAL TERMS
We reserve the right to modify, update, or discontinue the Site at our sole discretion, at any time, for any or no reason, and without notice or liability.
We may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms by email, regular mail or communications through the Site.
Except as otherwise stated in Section 10 above, nothing herein is intended, nor will be deemed, to confer rights or remedies upon any third party.
The Terms contain the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site, and supersede any prior agreement between you and us on such subject matter. The parties acknowledge that no reliance is placed on any representation made but not expressly contained in these Terms.
Any failure on Yelp's part to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
If any provision of the Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, then only that provision shall be modified to reflect the parties' intention or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
The Terms, and any rights or obligations hereunder, are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Yelp's prior written consent, but may be assigned or transferred by us without restriction. Any attempted assignment by you shall violate these Terms and be void.
The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Yelp Ireland Ltd., 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland; CRO no: 484943; VAT no: IE 9753764M; Director: L. Wilson; Contact, Tel: +353.(0)1.4863212, Fax: +353.(0)1.4863220
Terms of Service
Community Guidelines
1. Your relationship with YouTube
1.1 Your use of the YouTube website (the "Website") and any YouTube products, channels, software, data feeds and services, including the YouTube embeddable video player (the "YouTube Player") provided to you on or from or through the Website by YouTube (collectively the "Service") is subject to the terms of a legal agreement between you and YouTube. "YouTube" means YouTube LLC, whose principal place of business is at 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, United States.
1.2 Your legal agreement with YouTube is made up of (A) the terms and conditions set out in this document, (B) YouTube's Privacy Policy (https://www.youtube.co.uk/t/privacy) and (C) YouTube's Community Guidelines (https://www.youtube.co.uk/t/community_guidelines) (collectively called the "Terms").
1.3 The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and YouTube in relation to your use of the Service. It is important that you take the time to read them carefully.
1.4 The Terms apply to all users of the Service, including users who are also contributors of Content, on the Service. "Content" includes the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features and other materials you may view on, access through or contribute to the Service.
2. Accepting the Terms
2.1 In order to use the Service, you must firstly agree to the Terms. You may not use the Service if you do not accept the Terms.
2.2 You can accept the Terms by simply using the Service. You understand and agree that YouTube will treat your use of the Service as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.
2.3 You may not use the Service and may not accept the Terms if (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with YouTube, or (b) you are a person who is either barred or otherwise legally prohibited from receiving or using the Service under the laws of the country in which you are resident or from which you access or use the Service.
2.4 You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.
3. Changes to the Terms
YouTube reserves the right to make changes the Terms from time to time, for example to address changes to the law or regulatory changes or changes to functionality offered through the Service. Therefore you must look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. The modified version of the Terms (the "Modified Terms") will be posted at https://www.youtube.co.uk/t/terms or made available within the Service (for any modified additional terms). If you do not agree to the Modified Terms you must stop using the Service. Your continued use of the Service after the date the Modified Terms are posted will constitute your acceptance of the Modified Terms.
4. YouTube accounts
4.1 In order to access some features of the Website or other elements of the Service, you will have to create a YouTube account. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. It is important that you must keep your YouTube account password secure and confidential.
4.2 You must notify YouTube immediately of any breach of security or unauthorised use of your YouTube account that you become aware of.
4.3 You agree that you will be solely responsible (to YouTube, and to others) for all activity that occurs under your YouTube account.
5. General restrictions on use
5.1 YouTube hereby grants you permission to access and use the Service, subject to the following express conditions, and you agree that your failure to adhere to any of these conditions shall constitute a breach of these Terms on your part:
A.	you agree not to distribute any part of or parts of the Website or the Service, including but not limited to any Content, in any medium without YouTube's prior written authorisation, unless YouTube makes available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service (such as the YouTube Player);
B.	you agree not to alter or modify any part of the Website or any of the Service (including but not limited to the YouTube Player and its related technologies);
C.	you agree not to access Content through any technology or means other than the video playback pages of the Website itself, the YouTube Player, or such other means as YouTube may explicitly designate for this purpose;
D.	you agree not to (or attempt to) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with any security related features of the Service or features that (i) prevent or restrict use or copying of Content or (ii) enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content accessible via the Service;
E.	you agree not to use the Service (including the YouTube Player) for any of the following commercial uses unless you obtain YouTube's prior written approval:
i.	the sale of access to the Service
ii.	the sale of advertising, sponsorships or promotions placed on or within the Service, or Content;
iii.	the sale of advertising, sponsorships or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing Content delivered via the Service unless other material not obtained from YouTube appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales
F.	prohibited commercial uses shall not include (i) uploading an original video to YouTube, (ii) maintaining an original channel on the Website in order to promote a business or artistic enterprise, (iii) showing YouTube videos through the YouTube Player or otherwise on an ad-enabled blog or website, subject to those advertising restrictions set out in 5.1(E)(iii) above; and (iv) any use that is expressly authorised by YouTube in writing;
G.	if you use the YouTube Player on your website may not modify, build upon or block any portion or functionality of the YouTube Player including but not limited to links back to the Website;
H.	you agree not to use or launch any automated system (including, without limitation, any robot, spider or offline reader) that accesses the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the YouTube servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a publicly available, standard (i.e. not modified) web browser;
I.	you agree not to collect or harvest any personal data of any user of the Website or any Service (and agree that this shall be deemed to include YouTube account names);
J.	you agree not to use the Website or the Services (including the comments and email features in the Website) for the solicitation of business in the course of trade or in connection with a commercial enterprise;
K.	you agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Website with respect to their Content; and
L.	you agree not to access Content or any reason other than your personal, non-commercial use solely as intended through and permitted by the normal functionality of the Service, and solely for Streaming. "Streaming" means a contemporaneous digital transmission of the material by YouTube via the Internet to a user operated Internet enabled device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-time viewing and not intended to be downloaded (either permanently or temporarily), copied, stored, or redistributed by the user.
M.	You shall not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any Content for any other purposes without the prior written consent of YouTube or the respective licensors of the Content.
5.2 You agree that you will comply with all of the other provisions of the Terms and the YouTube Community Guidelines at all times during your use of the Service.
5.3 YouTube grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. YouTube reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases.
5.4 YouTube is constantly innovating in order to provide the best possible experience for its users. You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the Service which YouTube provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you.
5.5 As part of this continuing innovation, you acknowledge and agree that YouTube may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Service (or any features within the Service) to you or to users generally at YouTube's sole discretion, without prior notice to you.  You may stop using the Service at any time. You do not need to specifically inform YouTube when you stop using the Service.
5.6 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that YouTube has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under the Terms and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which YouTube may suffer) of any such breach.
6. Copyright policy
6.1 YouTube operates a clear copyright policy in relation to any Content that is alleged to infringe the copyright of a third party. Details of that policy can be found here: https://www.youtube.co.uk/t/copyright_notice
6.2 As part of YouTube's copyright policy, YouTube will terminate user access to the /Service if a user has been determined to be a repeat infringer. A repeat infringer is a user who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice.
7. Content
7.1 As a YouTube account holder you may submit Content. You understand that whether or not Content is published, YouTube does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Content.
7.2 You retain all of your ownership rights in your Content, but you are required to grant limited licence rights to YouTube and other users of the Service. These are described in paragraph 8 of these Terms (Rights you licence).
7.3 You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. YouTube does not endorse any Content or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and YouTube expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Content.
7.4 You represent and warrant that you have (and will continue to have during your use of the Service) all necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions which are required to enable YouTube to use your Content for the purposes of the provision of the Service by YouTube, and otherwise to use your Content in the manner contemplated by the Service and these Terms.
7.5 You agree that your conduct on the site will comply with (and you agree that the content of all of your Content shall comply with) the YouTube Community Guidelines, found at https://www.youtube.co.uk/t/community_guidelines, as updated from time to time.
7.6 You agree that you will not post or upload any Content which contains material which it is unlawful for you to possess in the country in which you are resident, or which it would be unlawful for YouTube to use or possess in connection with the provision of the Service.
7.7 You agree that Content you submit to the Service will not contain any third party copyright material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights (including rights of privacy or rights of publicity), unless you have a formal licence or permission from the rightful owner, or are otherwise legally entitled, to post the material in question and to grant YouTube the licence referred to in paragraph 8.1 below.
7.8  On becoming aware of any potential violation of these Terms, YouTube reserves the right (but shall have no obligation) to decide whether Content complies with the content requirements set out in these Terms and may remove such Content and/or terminate a User's access for uploading Content which is in violation of these Terms at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion. 
7.9 You further understand and acknowledge that in using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is factually inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable to you. You agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against YouTube with respect to any such Content.
8. Rights you licence
8.1 When you upload or post Content to YouTube, you grant:
A.	to YouTube, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence (with right to sub-licence) to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform that Content in connection with the provision of the Service and otherwise in connection with the provision of the Service and YouTube's business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels;
B.	to each user of the Service, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to access your Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such Content to the extent permitted by the functionality of the Service and under these Terms.
8.2 The above licenses granted by you in Content terminate when you remove or delete your Content from the Website. The above licenses granted by you in textual comments you submit as Content are perpetual and irrevocable, but are otherwise without prejudice to your ownerships rights, which are retained by you as set out in paragraph 7.2 above.
9. YouTube content on the Website
9.1 With the exception of Content submitted to the Service by you, all other Content on the Service is either owned by or licensed to YouTube, and is subject to copyright, trade mark rights, and other intellectual property rights of YouTube or YouTube's licensors. Any third party trade or service marks present on Content not uploaded or posted by you are trade or service marks of their respective owners. Such Content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purpose whatsoever without the prior written consent of YouTube or, where applicable, YouTube's licensors. YouTube and its licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to their Content.
10. Links from YouTube
10.1 The Service may include hyperlinks to other web sites that are not owned or controlled by YouTube. YouTube has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites.
10.2 You acknowledge and agree that YouTube is not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such web sites or resources.
10.3 You acknowledge and agree that YouTube is not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such web sites or resources.
10.4 YouTube encourages you to be aware when you leave the Service and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
11. Ending your relationship with YouTube
11.1 The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or YouTube as set out below.
11.2 If you want to terminate your legal agreement with YouTube, you may do so by (a) notifying YouTube at any time and (b) closing your YouTube account. Your notice should be sent, in writing, to YouTube's address which is set out at the beginning of these Terms.
11.3 YouTube may at any time terminate its legal agreement with you if: A.you have breached any provision of the Terms (or have acted in manner which clearly shows that you do not intend to, or are unable to comply with the provisions of the Terms); or B.	YouTube is required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the Service to you is, or becomes, unlawful); or
11.4 YouTube may terminate its legal agreement with you if: YouTube is transitioning to no longer providing the Service to users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Service; or the provision of the Service to you by YouTube is, in YouTube's opinion, no longer commercially viable and in the case of each of A and B of this clause 11.4 shall, where possible, give reasonable notice of such termination.
11.5 When these Terms come to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and YouTube have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the Terms have been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of paragraph 14.6 shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.
12. Exclusion of Warranties
12.1 Nothing in the Terms shall affect any statutory rights that you are always entitled to as a consumer and that you cannot contractually agree to alter or waive.
12.2 The Service is provided "as is" and YouTube makes no warranty or representation to you with respect to them.
12.3 In particular YouTube does not represent or warrant to you that:
A.	your use of the Service will meet your requirements,
B.	your use of the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error,
C.	any information obtained by you as a result of your use of the Service will be accurate or reliable, and
D.	that defects in the operation or functionality of any software provided to you as part of the Service will be corrected.
12.4 No conditions, warranties or other terms (including any implied terms as to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or conformance with description) apply to the Service except to the extent that they are expressly set out in the Terms.
13. Limitation of Liability
13.1 Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit YouTube's liability for losses which may not be lawfully excluded or limited by applicable law.
13.2 Subject to the overall provision in paragraph 13.1 above YouTube shall not be liable to you for: A. any indirect or consequential losses which may be incurred by you. This shall include; (i) any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly); (ii) any loss of goodwill or business reputation; (iii) any loss of opportunity; or (iv) any loss of data suffered by you; B.any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of: i.any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, or as a result of any relationship or transaction between you and any advertiser or sponsor whose advertising appears on the Service; ii.	any changes which YouTube may make to the Service, or for any permanent or temporary cessation in the provision of the Service (or any features within the Service); iii. the deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store, any Content and other communications data maintained or transmitted by or through your use of the Service; iv. your failure to provide YouTube with accurate account information; v. your failure to keep your password or YouTube account details secure and confidential.
13.3 The limitations on YouTube's liability to you in paragraph 13.2 above shall apply whether or not YouTube has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.
14. General legal terms
14.1 The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and YouTube and govern your use of the Service and completely replace any prior agreements between you and YouTube in relation to the Service. All other terms of service that Google Inc. and any of its subsidiaries may have in place from time to time are expressly excluded from the Terms.
14.2 You agree that YouTube may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms, by email, regular mail, or postings on the Service.
14.3 You agree that if YouTube does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which YouTube has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of YouTube's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to YouTube.
14.4 If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms. The remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
14.5 You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which YouTube is a part shall be third party beneficiaries to the Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the Terms which confers a benefit on (or rights in favour of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be a third party beneficiary of the Terms.
14.6 The Terms, and your relationship with YouTube under the Terms, shall be governed by English law. You and YouTube agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England to resolve any legal matter arising from the Terms. Notwithstanding this, you agree that YouTube shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or other equivalent types of urgent legal remedy) in any jurisdiction.
Dated: 9 June 2010

Terms and Conditions

PDF download 

In the following, we would like to introduce you to our General Terms and Condition that all services provided at Zalando.de are based on. At www.zalando.de we offer a shopping and service experience that is personalised and tailored to your interests and needs. At www.zalando.de we sell Zalando products and Zalando partner products.
Zalando Products

You are buying a Zalando Product, if you are on the respective www.zalando.co.uk product page and you do not see any reference to your contract partner being any different from Zalando.
For the purchase of Zalando Products, Sections A and B of our Terms and Conditions are applicable.
Zalando Partner Products

To enable us to offer you a wider and more diverse range of products, www.zalando.co.uk works together with a number of carefully selected partners (known as the Zalando Partner Program). If you are looking at a Zalando Partner Product, the name of the Zalando Partner will be notified as such on the product page.

For the purchase of Zalando Partner Products, Sections A and B of our Terms and Conditions are applicable.

Independent of whether your order is a Zalando Product or a Zalando Partner Product, you can still contact Zalando in the event of any questions or queries. We will always try to find the best solution for you. Your statutory rights are not affected by contacting our Customer Service.
Zalando Lounge Products

“Zalando Lounge” means the online shop under www.zalando-lounge.com.

Zalando Lounge is an exclusive online shopping community offering designer Products at reduced prices. The offers on Zalando Lounge are only available for a limited time and while stocks last.

All Products available for sale on Zalando Lounge are Zalando Lounge Products.

For the purchase of Zalando Lounge Products, Sections A and C of our Terms and Conditions are applicable.
Customer Services

Regardless of which buying model you are using, you can contact our Customer Services team with any questions, comments or suggestions without affecting your statutory rights:

How to reach our Customer Service Team:

Customer Services helpline for Zalando and Zalando Partner Products : 0203 059 8139 (Open Monday-Saturday 8am-8pm) 
Customer Services helpline for Zalando Lounge Products : 0203 059 8140 (Open Monday-Friday 6am-7pm)
*Local call rates apply. 
E-Mail for Zalando Lounge Products: service@zalando-lounge.co.uk
Telefax: +44 (0)20 3355 8328
www.zalando.co.uk and www.zalando-lounge.co.uk have been approved by Trusted Shops and must comply with this institution’s rules and regulations for online retailers. You can find out more by clicking on the following link:

Trusted Shops - https://www.trustedshops.co.uk/

As online retailers, we are statutorily obliged to outline the Terms and Conditions of using our Websites. All sections are outlined below.
Section A – General Terms and Conditions

1. About us and these Terms and Conditions

1.1. About us and these terms and conditions “Zalando SE is a company registered in Germany with the district court of Charlottenburg, Berlin under number HRB 158855 B with registered office at Tamara-Danz-Str. 1, 10243 Berlin, Germany. You may call us on 0800 472 5995  or, concerning Zalando Lounge Products 0800 169 3450 – both telephone numbers are open to receive calls everyday between 8am and 8pm.

1.2 These Terms and Conditions govern the supply by us of any Product ordered by you on Zalando or Zalando Lounge. By ordering a Product, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms and Conditions.

1.3 In these Terms and Conditions:

a) “Account” means the account that you will need to register for on the site if you would like to submit an order on the site;
b) “Acknowledgement” means our acknowledgement of your order by email;
c) “Breach of Duty” has the meaning given to it in clause 9.9(b) of these terms and conditions;
d) “Business Day” means a day which is neither (i) a Saturday or Sunday, nor (ii) a public holiday anywhere in England;
e) “Confirmation of Order” means our email to you in which we accept your order in accordance with clause 4.10 below;
f) “Contract” means your order of a product or products in accordance with these terms and conditions which we accept in accordance with clause 4.10 below;
g) “Customer” means individual who places an order on the site;
h) “Liability” has the meaning given to it in clause 9.9(a) of these terms and conditions;
i)“Order” means the order submitted by you to the site to purchase a product from us;
j)“you” means the customer who places an order;
k) references to “clauses” are to clauses of these terms and conditions;
l) headings are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of the terms and conditions;
m) words imparting the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. Words imparting a gender shall include every gender and references to persons shall include an individual, company, corporation, firm or partnership;
n) references to “includes” or “including” or like words or expressions shall mean without limitation.
1.4 You can read our Terms and Conditions at any time on Zalando or Zalando Lounge. You may print out this document or save the file on your computer using the ‘save’ function on your browser. Click here to open this document as a PDF file. To open this file, you will need a PDF reader, such as Adobe Reader, available for free on www.adobe.com.

1.5 These terms and conditions are our copyrighted intellectual property. Use by third parties – even of extracts – for the commercial purposes of offering goods and/or services is not permitted. Infringements may be subject to legal action.
2. The Customer’s Account

2.1 Each customer is only entitled to have one customer account with Zalando at any time. We reserve the right to delete multiple registrations.
2.2 When you register an Account, you will be asked to state some personal details. If you do not state this information, we will not register an Account and you will not be able to Order Products on Zalando or Zalando Lounge. We will notify you by e-mail when your registration is completed.
2.3 We are not obliged to accept all registration requests or all Orders, even when placed by registered Customers nor are we obliged to keep a consistent range of Products or keep any Products available permanently. This clause does not affect Orders that have already been placed.
2.4 The offers made available at www.zalando.de can be used by persons of at least 18 years of age.
2.5 You are responsible for assuring that all information you enter as part of the registration process is correct, complete and up to date. Your personal data will be stored and processed by Zalando SE in the manner stated in Zalando’s and Zalando Lounge’s privacy policy on: https://www.zalando.co.uk/zalando-privacy-policy/ and .  You will receive a confirmation email after registering online.
2.6 You are responsible for keeping your personal log-in information secure and confidential.
2.7 You are solely responsible for all information you enter into any accessible areas (e.g. blogs). No entries may encroach upon third party rights. We are not obliged to save or publish your entries e.g. Product reviews.
2.8 You are to refrain from any disruption of the Websites and the use of any accessible information outside its intended use on our platform. Any manipulation of our Websites with a view to fraudulently obtain money or any other advantage at a disadvantage to Zalando SE, Zalando SE’s partners or any other users will result in legal action and a loss of access to the Websites. Our Accounts, product range and stock levels are intended for Consumers.
3. Effect

3.1 These terms and conditions shall apply to all orders and contracts made or to be made by us for the sale and supply of products. When you submit an order to us, give any delivery instruction or accept delivery of the products, this shall in any event constitute your unqualified acceptance of these terms and conditions. Nothing in these terms and conditions affects your statutory rights (including the right to insist that goods you buy from businesses must correspond with their description, be fit for their purpose and be of satisfactory quality).
3.2 These terms and conditions shall prevail over any separate terms put forward by you. Any conditions that you submit, propose or stipulate in whatever form and at whatever time, whether in writing, by email or orally, are expressly waived and excluded.
3.3 No other terms or changes to the terms and conditions shall be binding unless agreed in writing signed by us.
4. How a Contract is formed

4.1 When making an order, you must register for an account on the Websites as detailed in clause 2, and you must follow the instructions on the Websites as to how to make your order and for making changes to your prospective order before you submit it to the Websites.
4.2 Irrespective of any previous price you have seen or heard, once you select a product that you wish to order, you will then be shown or told (on the Websites) the charges you must pay and any applicable delivery charges. All prices include VAT. We do not charge VAT on children’s clothing and footwear. Unless otherwise stipulated on the site, all charges are in the currency then in force in the United Kingdom. Subject to clause 4.12 below, this is the total that you will pay for receipt of the ordered product.
4.3 You shall pay for the product in full at the time of ordering by supplying us with your credit or debit card details from a credit or debit card company acceptable to us or by Paypal, which we require in order to process your order. Alternatively, you may pay by any method that we have said is acceptable to us, but in any event we shall not be bound to supply before we have received cleared funds in full. Depending on the results of a credit check we reserve the right not to offer certain forms of payment and to refer you to our other forms of payment.
4.4 If you are asked for details of a payment card, you must be fully entitled to use that card or account. The card or account must have sufficient funds to cover the proposed payment to us. We will only accept payments from accounts within the United Kingdom.
4.5 You undertake that all details you provide to us for the purpose of purchasing the product from us will be correct, that the credit or debit card, or account or other payment method which you use is your own and that there are sufficient funds or credit facilities to cover the cost of the product. We reserve the right to obtain validation of your payment details before providing you with the product.
4.6 When you submit an order to the site, you agree that you do so subject to these terms and conditions current at the date you submit your order. You are responsible for reviewing the latest terms and conditions each time you submit your order.
4.7 You agree that you will receive invoices and credit notes exclusively in electronic form.
4.8 Your order remains valid as an offer until we issue our confirmation of order or, if earlier, when we receive your notice revoking your Order.
4.9 We shall not be obliged to supply the product to you until we have accepted your order. Unless expressly stating that we accept your order, an email, letter, fax or other Acknowledgement of your order by us is purely for information purposes and does not constitute the confirmation of order. In that acknowledgement, we may give you an order reference number and details of the product you have ordered. We may in our discretion refuse to accept an order from you for any reason, including unavailability of supplies or we may offer you an alternative product (in which case we may require you to re-submit your order first).
4.10 A contract shall be formed and we shall be legally bound to supply the product to you when we accept your order. Acceptance shall take place when we expressly accept your order by email to you, in the form of a document called a “confirmation of order” stating that we are accepting your order. Our confirmation of order shall be deemed to come into effect when it has been dispatched by us. Without affecting your obligation to pay us earlier, we may send an invoice to you at any time after we have accepted your order. Until the time when we accept your order, we reserve the right to refuse to process your order and you reserve the right to cancel your order. If we or you have cancelled your order before we have accepted it, then we will promptly refund any payment already made by you or your credit or debit card company to us for the order of the product.
4.11 If you discover that you have made a mistake with your order after you have submitted it to Zalando, please contact  us or, if the order was submitted to Zalando Lounge, please contact service@zalando-lounge.co.uk immediately. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to amend your order in accordance with your instructions.
4.12 We try very hard to ensure that the price given to you is accurate, but the price of your order will need to be validated by us as part of our acceptance procedure. If the price for the order changes before we accept your order, we will contact you and ask you to confirm that you wish to proceed at the amended price.
4.13 A contract will relate only to those products whose dispatch we have confirmed in the confirmation of order. We will not be obliged to supply any other products which may have been part of your order until we have sent a confirmation of order in relation to those products.
4.14 You may only submit to us or our agents or the websites information which is accurate and not misleading and you must keep it up to date and inform us of changes.
5. Payment

5.1 We offer payment by credit or debit card (VISA, Master Card, American Express) and Paypal. However, we reserve the right to offer less than our full range of payment options.
5.2 Invoices, order breakdowns and vouchers shall be provided in electronic form only.
5.3 If you pay by card, your card will be charged on the date your Order is dispatched.
6. Cancellation by us

6.1 We may cancel a contract if the product is not available for any reason. If this is the case, we will notify you and return any payment that you have made.
6.2 We will usually refund any money received from you, using the same method originally used by you to pay for the product.
7. Faulty Products

7.1 We warrant that:
a) the product will be delivered undamaged in the quantities ordered; and
b) the product will conform with the manufacturer's latest published instructions as set out on the website or in our product material at the time of your order.
7.2 The product is intended to be used strictly in accordance with the manufacturer's latest published instructions as set out on the site or as on the product itself. It is your responsibility to ensure that you use the product strictly in accordance with those instructions.

7.3 Before delivery, we may make minor adjustments to material, colour, weight, measurements, design and other features to the extent that they are reasonable.

7.4 We try very hard to deliver products in excellent condition. However, if you tell us that the product is faulty, you agree to keep the product in its current condition available for us (or our agent) to inspect within a reasonable time.
7.5 In order to provide you with any remedies for a faulty product, we may need your assistance and prompt provision of certain information regarding the product, including:
a) you specifying with reasonable detail the way in which it is alleged that the product is damaged or defective; andb) you providing us with the delivery note number and such other information as we reasonably require.
7.6 If you would like us to repair, replace or provide a refund for the product where it did conform to the applicable contract, and we find that the product has:

a) been misused, abused or subjected to neglect, improper or inadequate care, carelessness, damage or abnormal conditions; or
b) been involved in any accident or damage caused by an incorrect attempt at modification or repair; or
c) been dealt with or used contrary to our or the manufacturer's instructions for the product; or
d) deteriorated through normal wear and tear, After delivery by us, we may at our discretion decide not to repair, replace or refund you for the product and/or we may require you to pay all reasonable carriage costs and servicing costs at our current standard fees and costs and charge this to your credit or debit card, or the payment details that you provided to us when you made your order, and, to the extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable to you for any losses, liabilities, costs, damages, charges or expenses as a result.
8. Circumstances beyond our control

8.1 We shall not be liable to you for any breach, hindrance or delay in the performance of a contract attributable to any cause beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation any act of God, actions of third parties (including without limitation hackers, suppliers, governments, quasi-governmental, supra-national or local authorities), insurrection, riot, civil commotion, war, hostilities, warlike operations, national emergencies, terrorism, piracy, arrests, restraints or detainments of any competent authority, strikes or combinations or lock-out of workmen, epidemic, fire, explosion, storm, flood, drought, weather conditions, earthquake, natural disaster, accident, mechanical breakdown, third party software, failure or problems with public utility supplies (including electrical, telecoms or Internet failure), shortage of or inability to obtain supplies, materials, equipment or transportation ("Event of Force Majeure"), regardless of whether the circumstances in question could have been foreseen.

8.2 Either you or we may terminate a contract forthwith by written notice to the other in the event that the event of force majeure lasts for a period of two business days or more, in which event neither you nor we shall be liable to the other by reason of such termination (other than for the refund of a product already paid for by you and not delivered).
8.3 If we have contracted to provide identical or similar products to more than one customer and are prevented from fully meeting our obligations to you by reason of an event of force majeure, we may decide at our absolute discretion which contracts we will perform and to what extent.
9. Limitation of Liability

9.1 This clause 9 prevails over all other clauses and sets forth our entire Liability, and your sole and exclusive remedies, for:

a) the performance, non-performance, purported performance or delay in performance of these terms and conditions or a contract or the site (or any part of it or them); or
b) otherwise in relation to these terms and conditions or the entering into or performance of these terms and conditions.

9.2 Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit:

a) our Liability for (i) fraud; (ii) death or personal injury caused by our breach of duty; (iii) any breach of the obligations implied by s.12 Sale of Goods Act 1979 or s.2 Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982; or (iv) any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law; or
b) your statutory rights as a consumer.

9.3 In performing any obligation under these terms and conditions, our only duty is to exercise reasonable care and skill.

9.4 Subject to clause 9.2:

a) we do not warrant and we exclude all liability in respect of the accuracy, completeness, fitness for purpose or legality of any information accessed using the site; and we exclude all liability of any kind for the transmission or the reception of or the failure to transmit or to receive any material of whatever nature; and
b) you should not rely on any information accessed using the site to make a purchasing decision – you should make your own enquiries before forming your own opinion and taking any action based on any such information.

9.5 Save as provided in clauses 9.2, we do not accept and hereby exclude any liability for breach of duty other than any such liability arising pursuant to the provisions of these terms and conditions.

9.6 Save as provided in clause 9.2, we shall have no liability for:

a) loss of revenue;
b) loss of actual or anticipated profits;
c) loss of contracts;
d) loss of the use of money;
e) loss of anticipated savings;
f) loss of business;
g) loss of operation time;
h) loss of opportunity;
i) loss of goodwill;
j) loss of reputation;
k) loss of, damage to or corruption of data; or
l) any indirect or consequential loss;and such liability is excluded whether it is foreseeable, known, foreseen or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, clauses 9.6(a) to 9.6(l) apply whether such losses are direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise.

9.7 Save as provided in clause 9.2:

a) our total liability under any contract shall in no circumstances exceed, in aggregate, a sum equal to the greater of: i) £100; or ii) 110% of the value of the relevant contract under which the cause of action arises; and
b) our total liability to you or any third party shall not in any other circumstances exceed, in aggregate, a sum equal to the greater of: i) £100; or ii) 110% of any aggregate amount paid by you to us in the 12 months preceding any cause of action arising.

9.8 The limitation of liability under clause 9.7 has effect in relation both to any liability expressly provided for under these terms and conditions and to any liability arising by reason of the invalidity or unenforceability of any term of these terms and conditions.

9.9 In these terms and conditions:

a) “Liability” means liability in or for breach of contract, breach of duty, misrepresentation, restitution or any other cause of action whatsoever relating to or arising under or in connection with these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, liability expressly provided for under these terms and conditions or arising by reason of the invalidity or unenforceability of any term of these terms and conditions (and for the purposes of this definition, all references to “these terms and conditions” shall be deemed to include any collateral contract); and
b) “Breach of duty” means the breach of any (i) obligation arising from the express or implied terms of a contract to take reasonable care or exercise reasonable skill in the performance of the contract or (ii) common law duty to take reasonable care or exercise reasonable skill (but not any stricter duty).
10. Default, Winding Up

10.1 If you:
a) are in breach of any of your obligations under a contract; or
b) give notice to any of your creditors that you have suspended or re about to suspend payment or if you shall be unable to pay your debts within the meaning of Section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986, or an order is made or a resolution is passed for your winding-up or an administration order is made or an administrator is appointed to manage your affairs, business and property or a receiver and/or manager or administrative receiver is appointed in respect of all or any of your assets or undertaking or circumstances arise which entitle the court or a creditor to appoint a receiver and/or manager or administrative receiver or administrator which entitle the court to make a winding-up or bankruptcy order or you take or suffer any similar or analogous action in consequence of debt in any jurisdiction;we may terminate the applicable contract immediately on giving notice in writing and retain any advance payment and you shall indemnify us against all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses of whatsoever nature resulting from any such termination and all sums due to us from you shall become immediately payable
.

10.2 Termination of a contract shall be without prejudice to any accrued rights or remedies of either you or us. Termination of a contract will not affect the coming into force or continuance in force of any provision which is expressly or by implication intended to come into or continue in force on or after such termination.
11. Data protection

Please see our Privacy which forms part of these terms and conditions.
12. Notices

12.1 Any notice under a contract shall be in writing and may be served by personal delivery or by pre-paid or recorded delivery letter or by email addressed to the relevant party at the address or email address of the relevant party last known to the other.
12.2 Any notice given by post shall be deemed to have been served two business days after the same has been posted if the recipient address is in the UK. Any notice given by email shall be deemed to have been served when the email has been proved to be received by the recipient’s server. In proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter or email was properly addressed and, as the case may be, posted as a prepaid or recorded delivery letter or dispatched or a delivery report received.
13. Severability

If any of these terms should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted and the remaining terms of use shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.

14. English law and jurisdiction

These terms of use and your use of the Websites (and all non-contractual relationships arising out of or connected to it or them) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. You submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to settle any dispute which may arise under these terms of use.

15. Amendment to the General Business terms and conditions

We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time. All amendments to these terms and conditions will be posted online. However, continued use of the site will be deemed to constitute acceptance of the new terms and conditions.
Section B – Zalando Products and Zalando Partner Products

1. Contractual Partners / Language

1.1 By placing an order for Zalando Products, you are entering into a Contract with Zalando SE, based in Berlin, Germany. You can find an explanation on when the purchased product is a Zalando Product in the introduction of this Terms and Conditions. For Zalando Products Section A and Section B apply.

1.2 When ordering a Zalando Partner Product, the contract partners are both the Zalando SE as well as the respective Zalando Partner. You can find an explanation on when the purchased product is a Zalando Product in the introduction of this Terms and Conditions. If it is a Zalando Partner Product, the name of the Zalando Partner will be notified as such on the product page.  For Zalando Partner Products Section A and Section B apply. A link offering information about the respective Zalando Partner (name, address, legal information) can be found on the respective product page.
1.3 The regulations found in these Terms and Conditions apply to the complete business relationship regarding the respective Zalando Partner Product and in particular in relation to you and the respective Zalando partner.
1.4 All Contracts relating to Zalando Products and Zalando Partner Products offered on Zalando are to be conducted solely in English.
2. Delivery

2.1 We aim to deliver the product to you at the place of delivery requested by you in your order.
2.2 We aim to deliver within the time indicated by us at the time of your order. We always aim to deliver within 2 – 4 working days from the date of any order which we accept, but we cannot guarantee any firm delivery dates.
2.3 We shall aim to let you know, if we expect that we are unable to meet our estimated delivery date, but, to the extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable to you for any losses, liabilities, costs, damages, charges or expenses arising out of late delivery.
2.4 On delivery of the product, you may be required to sign for delivery. You agree to inspect the product for any obvious faults, defects or damage before you sign for delivery. You need to keep the receipt of the delivered product in case of future discussions with us about it.
2.5 We only ship within the United Kingdom. We do not ship to the Channel Islands. It may take a few days extra for shipments to be delivered to remote post codes.
2.6 We deliver in our standard packaging. Any special packaging requested by you is subject to additional charges.
2.7 We offer express delivery for some orders. You will be able to see whether or not this service is available when placing your order. The costs for this service can be seen in the checkout. The order will be delivered within 2 working days. If we do not deliver within the time specified, we will refund the express delivery costs.
2.8 All risk in the product shall pass to you upon delivery, except that, where delivery is delayed due to a breach of your obligations under a contract, risk shall pass at the date when delivery would have occurred but for your breach. From the time when risk passes to you, we will not be liable for loss or destruction of the product.
2.9 You must take care when opening the product so as not to damage it, particularly when using any sharp instruments.
2.10 You shall ensure that you are ready for safe receipt of the product without undue delay and at any time reasonably specified by us.
2.11 If you are not available to take delivery or collection, we may leave a card giving you instructions on either re-delivery or collection from the carrier. The package might also be delivered to a neighbour or a safe place.
2.12 If delivery or collection is delayed through your unreasonable refusal to accept delivery or if you do not (within two weeks of our first attempt to deliver the product to you) accept delivery or collect the product from the carrier, then we may (without affecting any other right or remedy available to us) do either or both of the following:

a) charge you for our reasonable storage fee and other costs reasonably incurred by us; or
b) no longer make the product available for delivery or collection and notify you that we are immediately cancelling the applicable contract, in which case we will refund to you or your credit or debit card company as applicable any money already paid to us under the applicable contract, less our reasonable administration charges (including for attempting to deliver and then returning the product, and any storage fees as provided for in clause 2.11(a) above).
2.13 It is your responsibility to ensure that the products are sufficient and suitable for your purposes and meet your individual requirements. We do not warrant that the products will meet your individual requirements. You acknowledge that the products are standard and not made bespoke to fit any particular requirements that you may have.
3. Information concerning the exercise of the right of withdrawal

You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.

The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the day on which you acquire, or a third party other than the carrier and indicated by you acquires, physical possession of the last good.

To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform Zalando SE, Tamara-Danz-Str. 1, 10243 Berlin, Telefax: +49 (0)30 2759 46 93 E-Mail: revocation@zalando.co.uk of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e-mail). You may use the attached model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory.
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.
Effects of withdrawal

If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received the goods back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest.
You shall send back the goods or hand them over to us, without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which you communicate your withdrawal from this contract to us. The deadline is met if you send back the goods before the period of 14 days has expired. We will bear the cost of returning the goods if you use the provided return documents.
You are only liable for any diminished value of the goods resulting from the handling other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods.
Model withdrawal form

To Zalando SE, Tamara-Danz-Str. 1, 10243 Berlin, Telefax: +49 (0)30 2759 46 93, E-Mail: revocation@zalando.co.uk:
I/We (1) hereby give notice that I/We (1) withdraw from my/our (1) contract of sale of the following goods (1)/for the provision of the following service (1)
Ordered on(1)/received on (1), Name of consumer(s), Address of consumer(s), Date (1)  Delete as appropriate.

4. Return address for Partner Products

In case you bought a Partner Product and withdrew from the contract, you have to send the good back to the Partner. You can find information on the specific Partner, including the address, on the product page of the product you bought and in the attachments of the order confirmation we sent you. The deadline is met if you send back the goods before the period of 14 days has expired. We will bear the cost of returning the goods if you use the provided return documents.

5. Cancellation by you where the product is not faulty within 100 days after delivery

5.1 Subject to the rest of this clause 5, irrespective of your other rights for faults with the product and your right of withdrawal (cf. Section B Article 3), you may cancel a contract and return any delivered product to us for any reason at all, if you are not happy with it, provided that you have notified us in writing within 100 days of delivery of the product that you wish to cancel the applicable contract and to return the product at our risk. Moreover, you are only allowed to cancel this contract under this clause 4, if you send the product back in its original packing, you only tried the product on in a way comparable to trying it on in a usual store and the product is not damaged. The notice must be sent in writing or in any other durable medium to:
Telefax: +44 (0)20 3355 8328 
Mail: Zalando SE 
Tamara-Danz-Str. 1 
10243 Berlin Germany

Your notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day on which it was sent.
Once you are in the possession of the goods you are under the duty to retain them and take reasonable care of them. The product must be returned to us in its original condition.
We offer a free returns service via Hermes, our returns partner. Should you wish to return the goods directly to us without using this service, please address your return to:
Zalando Returns 
Zalando SE 
Regioparkring 25 
41199 Mönchengladbach 
Germany
If you bought a Partner Product, you have to return the good to the Partner. The address of the Partner can be found on the respective Product Page and in the attachment sent to you in your order confirmation.
To return an item using Hermes service please log into your customer account, click on 'Return Item' and follow the instructions shown on screen.
If you do not have a Hermes drop-off point in your area, please contact our customer service team or call our free service helpline: 0 0203 059 8139 (lines open Monday-Saturday from 8am-8pm – free to call from any UK landline) for further instructions.
If you use this service you won't have to pay postage and packaging for your return. Zalando will cover the shipping costs.

5.2 If you cancel under this clause 5:

Once you have notified us that you wish to cancel the contract, any sum debited to us will be refunded to you as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of your cancellation.
5.3 In the case of a product being purchased with gift vouchers, we reserve the right to refund any amounts due to you for cancelled and returned products by crediting your account with the value of the order.
6. Vouchers

6.1 You may use promotional vouchers and gift vouchers as payment for products on the site. Specific details for promotional vouchers are given in clause 5.7 and for gift vouchers in clause 5.8.
6.2 To redeem vouchers in your account or check an existing credit, please visit "My User Account" on the site.
6.3 We may email gift and promotional vouchers to you. Subject to Section A clause 9.2, we accept no liability for errors in the email address of the voucher recipient.
6.4 If you have a gift or promotional voucher, that voucher can be used by someone other than you and you can assign your rights to use that voucher.
6.5 In the event of fraud, an attempt at deception or in the event of the suspicion of other illegal activities in connection with a gift voucher purchase or redemption of that voucher on the site, we are entitled to close your account and/or require a different means of payment.
6.6 We assume no liability for the loss, theft or illegibility of gift or promotional vouchers.
6.7 Conditions for the redemption of promotional vouchers

a) From time to time we may release promotional vouchers that may be used on the site, which we will send to you by email. Promotional vouchers can only be redeemed on the site. They cannot be used on our websites in other countries, such as www.zalando.nl or www.zalando.de.
b) Promotional vouchers are valid for the specified period stated on them only, can only be redeemed once and cannot be used in conjunction with other promotional vouchers. Individual brands may be excluded from voucher promotions.
c) The credit of a promotional voucher cannot be used to pay for products from third parties other than us.
d) If you place an order for a product less than the value of the promotional voucher, no refund or residual credit will be returned to you.
e) The credit of a promotional voucher does not accrue interest nor does it have a cash value.
f) If the credit of a promotional voucher is insufficient for the order you wish to make, you may make up the difference through payment.g) In the case of products being purchased with a promotional voucher, we reserve the right to fund you the original price of the product or products you keep, if – due to a cancellation – the total value of the product or products you kept falls below the value of the promotional voucher.
6.8 Conditions for the redemption of gift vouchers
a) You may purchase gift vouchers for use on the Site by you or other customers. These gift vouchers will be sent by email.
b) Gift vouchers can only be redeemed on the site. They cannot be used on our websites in other countries, such as www.zalando.nl or www.zalando.de
c) Gift vouchers cannot be used to buy further gift vouchers. Gift vouchers may only be purchased through debit or credit card or PayPal.
d) The credit of a gift voucher does not accrue interest nor does it have a cash value. Gift voucher can only be redeemed before the end of the ordering process. A subsequent settlement is not possible.
e) An order for a gift voucher can be cancelled by contacting us on 0800 472 5995 at any time before the gift voucher has been redeemed. A voucher is considered to have been redeemed if it is used as payment in placing an order.
f) If the credit of a gift voucher is insufficient for the order you wish to make, you may make up the difference through payment.
g) You may use as many gift vouchers as you wish in paying for an order, and gift vouchers may be used in conjunction with one promotional voucher per order.
6.9 In the case of products being purchased with a promotional voucher, we reserve the right to fund you the original price of the product or products you keep, if – due to a cancellation – the total value of the product or products you kept falls below the value of the promotional voucher.
Section C – Zalando Lounge Products

1. Contractual Partners / Language

1.1 By placing an order for Zalando Lounge Products, you are entering into a contract with Zalando SE, based in Berlin, Germany. You can find an explanation on when the purchased product is a Zalando Lounge Product in the introduction of this Terms and Conditions. For Zalando Lounge Products Section A and Section C apply.
1.2 All Contracts relating to Zalando Lounge Products offered on Zalando Lounge are to be conducted solely in English.
2. Delivery

2.1 We aim to deliver the product to you at the place of delivery requested by you in your order. The costs of delivery will be stated according to Section A Clause 4.2.
2.2 We aim to deliver within the time indicated by us at the time of your Order (and updated in the Confirmation of Order) but we cannot promise an exact date when you submit your Order or at the Confirmation of Order.  We always aim to deliver within 30 days from the date of any Order which we accepted, but we cannot guarantee any firm delivery dates.
2.3 We shall aim to let you know if we expect that we are unable to meet our estimated delivery date, but, to the extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable to you for any losses, liabilities, costs, damages, charges or expenses arising out of late delivery.
2.4 On delivery of the product, you may be required to sign for delivery. You agree to inspect the product for any obvious faults, defects or damage before you sign for delivery. You need to keep receipt of the delivered product in case of future discussions with us about it.
2.5 We only ship within the United Kingdom. We do not ship to the Channel Islands. It may take a few days extra for shipments to be delivered to remote post codes.
2.6 We deliver in our standard packaging. Any special packaging requested by you is subject to additional charges.
2.7 All risk in the product shall pass to you upon delivery, except that, where delivery is delayed due to a breach of your obligations under a contract, risk shall pass at the date when delivery would have occurred but for your breach. From the time when risk passes to you, we will not be liable for loss or destruction of the product.
2.8 You must take care when opening the product so as not to damage it, particularly when using any sharp instruments.
2.9 You shall ensure that you are ready for safe receipt of the product without undue delay and at any time reasonably specified by us.
2.10 If you are not available to take delivery or collection, we may leave a card giving you instructions on either re-delivery or collection from the carrier.
2.11 If delivery or collection is delayed through your unreasonable refusal to accept delivery or if you do not (within two weeks of our first attempt to deliver the product to you) accept delivery or collect the product from the carrier, then we may (without affecting any other right or remedy available to us) do either or both of the following:
a) charge you for our reasonable storage fee and other costs reasonably incurred by us; or
b) no longer make the product available for delivery or collection and notify you that we are immediately cancelling the applicable contract, in which case we will refund to you or your credit or debit card company as applicable any money already paid to us under the applicable contract, less our reasonable administration charges (including for attempting to deliver and then returning the product, and any storage fees as provided for in clause 2.11(a) above).
2.12 It is your responsibility to ensure that the products are sufficient and suitable for your purposes and meet your individual requirements. We do not warrant that the products will meet your individual requirements. You acknowledge that the products are standard and not made bespoke to fit any particular requirements that you may have.
3. Information concerning the exercise of the right of withdrawal

3.1 You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.

The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the day on which you acquire, or a third party other than the carrier and indicated by you acquires, physical possession of the last good.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform Zalando SE, Tamara-Danz-Str. 1, 10243 Berlin, Telefax: +44 (0)20 3355 8328, E-Mail: service@zalando-lounge.co.uk of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e-mail). You may use the attached model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory.
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.
Effects of withdrawal

If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received the goods back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest.
You shall send back the goods or hand them over to us, without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which you communicate your withdrawal from this contract to us. The deadline is met if you send back the goods before the period of 14 days has expired. We will bear the cost of returning the goods if you use the provided return documents.
You are only liable for any diminished value of the goods resulting from the handling other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods.
Model withdrawal form

To Zalando SE, Tamara-Danz-Str. 1, 10243 Berlin, Telefax: ++44 (0)20 3355 8328, E-Mail: service@zalando-lounge.co.uk:
I/We (1) hereby give notice that I/We (1) withdraw from my/our (1) contract of sale of the following goods (1)/for the provision of the following service (1)
— Ordered on(1)/received on (1), 
— Name of consumer(s), 
— Address of consumer(s), 
— Date

(1)  Delete as appropriate.

3.2 We offer a free returns service via Hermes, our returns partner. Should you wish to return the goods directly to us without using this service, please address your return to:
Zalando Lounge Returns 
Zalando Lounge 
Märkische Allee 508 
14979 Großbeeren 
Germany

To return an item using Hermes service please log into your custowwmer account, click on 'Return Item' and follow the instructions shown on screen.
If you do not have a Hermes drop-off point in your area, please send an email to our customer service team at service@zalando-lounge.co.uk or call our free service helpline: 0800 169 3450 lines open from Monday to Friday 8am-8pm – free to call from any UK landline) for further instructions.
If you use this service you won't have to pay postage and packaging for your return. Zalando Lounge will cover the shipping costs.
4. Vouchers

4.1 You may only use promotional vouchers on Zalando Lounge. Zalando gift vouchers cannot be redeemed on Zalando Lounge.
4.2 We may – in line with our Privacy   - email promotional vouchers to you. Subject to Section A clause 9.2, we accept no liability for errors in the email address of the voucher recipient.
4.3 If you have a promotional voucher, that voucher can be used by someone other than you and you can assign your rights to use that voucher.
4.4 In the event of fraud, an attempt at deception or in the event of the suspicion of other illegal activities in connection with a promotional voucher or redemption of that voucher on the site, we are entitled to close your account and/or require a different means of payment.

4.5 We assume no liability for the loss, theft or illegibility of promotional vouchers.
4.6 Conditions for the redemption of promotional vouchers
a) From time to time we may release promotional vouchers that may be used on Zalando Lounge, which we will send to you by email. Promotional vouchers can only be redeemed on Zalando Lounge. They cannot be used on our website zalando.co.uk or in other countries, such as www.zalando.nl or www.zalando-lounge.de.
b) Promotional vouchers are valid for the specified period stated on them only, can only be redeemed once and cannot be used in conjunction with other promotional vouchers. Individual brands may be excluded from voucher promotions.
c) The credit of a promotional voucher cannot be used to pay for products from third parties other than us.
d) If you place an order for a product less than the value of the promotional voucher, no refund or residual credit will be returned to you.
e) The credit of a promotional voucher does not accrue interest nor does it have a cash value.
f) If the credit of a promotional voucher is insufficient for the order you wish to make, you may make up the difference through payment.
4.7 In the case of products being purchased with a promotional voucher, we reserve the right to fund you the original price of the product or products you keep, if – due to a cancellation – the total value of the product or products you kept falls below the value of the promotional voucher.

5 Terms of Use

1. This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the Terms of Use (the “terms of use”) on which you may make use of our websites www.zalando.co.uk and www.zalando-lounge.co.uk (the “Websites”), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Websites. By using the Websites, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. Your use of any part of the Websites constitutes your acceptance of these terms of use which takes effect on the date on which you first use the Websites. If you do not agree with these terms of use, you should cease using the Websites immediately.
2. The Websites are operated by Zalando SE ("we"), a company registered in Germany with the district court of Charlottenburg, Berlin under number HRB 158855 B whose registered office is Tamara-Danz-Str. 1, 10243 Berlin, Germany.
3. We reserve the right to change these terms of use at any time without notice to you by posting changes online. You are responsible for regularly reviewing information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of the Websites after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms of use.
4. You are responsible for all access to the Websites through your internet connection and for bringing these terms of use to the attention of all such persons.
5. You shall not in any way use the Websites or submit to us or to the Websites or to any user of the Websites anything which in any respect:
a) is in breach of any law, statute, regulation or byelaw of any applicable jurisdiction;
b) is fraudulent, criminal or unlawful;
c) is inaccurate or out-of-date;
d) may be obscene, indecent, pornographic, vulgar, profane, racist, sexist, discriminatory, offensive, derogatory, harmful, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, malicious, abusive, hateful, menacing, defamatory, untrue or political;
e) impersonates any other person or body or misrepresents a relationship with any person or body;
f) may infringe or breach the copyright or any intellectual property rights (including without limitation copyright, trade mark rights and broadcasting rights) or privacy or other rights of us or any third party;
g) may be contrary to our interests;
h) is contrary to any specific rule or requirement that we stipulate on the Websites in relation to a particular part of the Websites or the Websites generally; or
i) involves your use, delivery or transmission of any viruses, unsolicited emails, trojan horses, trap doors, back doors, easter eggs, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
6. You hereby grant to us an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, assignable, sub-licensable licence to use any material which you submit to us or the Websites for the purpose of use on the Websites or for generally marketing (by any means and in any media) our services. You agree that you waive your moral rights to be identified as the author and we may modify your submission.
7. Commentary and other materials posted on the Websites are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We, therefore, disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to the Websites, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
8. You agree to comply at all times with any instructions for use of the Websites which we make from time to time.
Availability of the Websites, security and accuracy

9. Whilst we endeavour to make the Websites available 24 hours a day, we cannot be liable if for any reason the Websites is unavailable for any time or for any period. We make no warranty that your access to the Websites will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free. Due to the nature of the Internet, this cannot be guaranteed. In addition, we may occasionally need to carry out repairs, maintenance or introduce new facilities and functions.
10. Access to the Websites may be suspended or withdrawn to or from you personally or all users temporarily or permanently at any time and without notice. We may also impose restrictions on the length and manner of usage of any part of the Websites for any reason. If we impose restrictions on you personally, you must not attempt to use the Websites under any other name or user.
11. We do not warrant that the Websites will be compatible with all hardware and software which you may use. We shall not be liable for damage to, or viruses or other code that may affect, any computer equipment, software, data or other property as a result of your access to or use of the Websites or your obtaining any material from, or as a result of using, the Websites. We shall also not be liable for the actions of third parties.
12. We may change or update the Websites and anything described in it without notice to you.
13. Whilst we endeavour to ensure that information and materials on the Websites are correct, no warranty or representation, express or implied, is given that they are complete, accurate, up-to-date, fit for a particular purpose and, to the extent permitted by law, we do not accept any liability for any errors or omissions. This shall not affect any obligation which we may have under any contract that we may have with you to provide you with services, including any obligation that we may have under that contract to provide you with accurate information and advice, and which we may do through a secure part of the Websites available to people who use the appropriate password.
14. The material contained on the Websites is provided for information purposes only and it shall not give rise to any commitment or obligation by us. Any information on the Websites shall not constitute any part of an offer or contract.
Registration for the Service

15. If you would like to submit an order to the Websites to purchase one of the products listed on the Websites, you will need to register for an account on the Websites (“Account”) which you will be able to access on the Websites through the “My User Account” part of the Websites. To register you need to supply us with your name, postcode and email address and possibly some other personal information. See our Privacy for more details about this.
16. Once you register with one of the Websites, you will be asked to create a username for, and allocate a password to, your account. You must keep the password confidential and immediately notify us if any unauthorised third party becomes aware of that password or if there is any unauthorised use of your email address or your account or any breach of security known to you. You agree that any person to whom your user name or password is disclosed is authorised to act as your agent for the purposes of using (and/or transacting via) your account. Please note that you are entirely responsible if you do not maintain the confidentiality of your password.
17. You must be registered with a valid personal email address that you access regularly, so that, among other things, administration emails can be sent to you. Any accounts which have been registered with someone else's email address or with temporary email addresses may be closed without notice. We may require you to validate accounts at registration or if we believe you have been using an invalid email address.
18. We reserve the right to close your account if a non-UK user pretends to be a UK user, or disrupts the Websites in any way.
19. When you register for an account, and whenever you log on to your account thereafter, you have the option to sign up to receive, and to opt out of receiving, information emails (such as newsletters, information on offers etc). You are able to unsubscribe from such information emails at any time by logging in to your account.
20. Although we save the information relating to any order that you submit to the Websites to purchase one of the products listed on the Websites, you will be unable to directly retrieve this information for security reasons. You may access this information by logging in to your account. You will be able to view information relating to your completed, open or recently dispatched orders and manage and save your address information, any bank details and any newsletter to which you may have subscribed.
Our liability

21. We accept liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for our fraudulent misrepresentation or for any liability that we cannot exclude or limit at law.
22. To the extent possible by law and subject to paragraph 22 above, in all cases other than in respect of services that we provide for a specific consumer (which shall be governed by its own contractual terms and terms of engagement), to the extent permitted by law:

a) our total liability to you or any third party shall in no circumstances exceed, in aggregate, a sum equal to the greater of: i) £100; or ii) 110% of any aggregate amount paid by you to us in the 12 months preceding any cause of action arising; and
b) we shall not have any liability (whether in contract, tort, negligence, misrepresentation, restitution or under any legal head of liability) in relation to your use or inability to use or delay in use of the Websites or any material in it or accessible from it or from any action or decision taken as a result of using the Websites or any such material for any: (a) indirect or consequential losses, damages, costs or expenses; (b) loss of actual or anticipated profits; (c) loss of contracts; (d) loss of use of money; (e) loss of anticipated savings; (f) loss of revenue; (g) loss of goodwill; (h) loss of reputation; (i) loss of business; (j) loss of operation time; (k) loss of opportunity; or (l) loss of, damage to or corruption of, data; whether or not such losses were reasonably foreseeable or we had been advised of the possibility of you incurring such losses. For the avoidance of doubt, (b) to (l) apply whether such losses are direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise.

23. If you enter into a contract with us by submitting an order for a product through the Websites which is accepted by us in accordance with our Terms and Conditions, the relevant provisions of those Terms and Conditions relating to the our liability and its limitation in relation to such a contract shall replace the limitation of liability provisions in clause 22.a above.
Trade Marks

24. The Zalando names and logos and all related names, design marks and slogans are the trade marks or service marks of us or our licensors.
Intellectual Property Rights

25. We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Websites, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
26. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the Websites for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on the Websites.
27. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
28. You must not use any part of the materials on the Websites for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
29. If you print off, copy or download any part of the Websites in breach of these terms of use, your right to use the Websites will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Information about you and your visits to the Websites

30. We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy . By using the Websites, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Transactions concluded through the Websites

31. Contracts for the supply of products formed through the Websites or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our Terms and Conditions.
Third Party Websites

32. We have no control over and accept no responsibility for the content of any site to which a link from the Websites exists (unless we are the provider of those linked sites). Such linked sites are provided “as is” for your convenience only with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them. We do not provide any endorsement or recommendation of any third party site to which the Websites provides a link.
33. You must not without our permission frame any of the Websites onto your own or another person’s website.
34. We hereby grant to you a revocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to provide a link from your website to the home page of the Websites, provided that you do so in a fair and legal way without damaging our reputation or taking advantage of it. In particular:
a) you shall not make any warranties or representations about us, our services or our policies except with our prior express authorisation
b) you shall not say anything that is false, misleading, derogatory or offensive about us or our services or policies and
c) you shall not suggest expressly or impliedly that we have endorsed your site or are associated with it where this is not the case.
Severability

35. If any of these terms should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted and the remaining terms of use shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
English law and jurisdiction

36. These terms of use and your use of the Websites (and all non-contractual relationships arising out of or connected to it or them) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. You submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to settle any dispute which may arise under these terms of use.
PURCHASE CONDITIONS
1. INTRODUCTION
This document (together with any documents herein mentioned) sets forth the terms and conditions governing the use of this website and the purchase of items through this website (hereinafter, the "Terms"). Please read through these Terms, our Cookies Policy and our Privacy Policy (together the "Data
Protection Policies") prior to using this website.
By using this website or placing an order through it, you are consenting to be bound by these Terms and our Data Protection Policies. If you do not agree to all of the Terms and the Data Protection Policies, do not use this website. These Terms and the Data Protection Policies may be amended. It is your responsibility to regularly read through them, as the Terms and the Data Protection Policies in force at the time that you use this website or at the time of the formation of the Contract (as defined below) shall be the applicable ones.
By purchasing any product from this website, you enter into a contract with us on these terms.
2. OUR DETAILS
Sale of items through this website is carried out under the ZARA name by Zara UK Limited, a UK company with registered offices at Lumina House, 89 New Bond Street, London W1S 1DA, Company registration number 2245999, with VAT No. GB 649927871 ("us"/"we"/"our"/"Zara"). You may contact our customer service department by calling our freephone number 0800 030 4238, or by taking part in a live webchat available 24/7 via our website.
3. YOUR DETAILS AND YOUR VISITS TO THIS WEBSITE
The information or personal details that you provide us with shall be processed pursuant to the Data Protection Policies. By using this website you are consenting to the processing of such information and details and you represent that the whole information or details you have provided us with are true and accurate.
4. USE OF OUR WEBSITE
By using this website and/or by placing any order through it, you undertake:
1. To use the website exclusively to make legitimate enquiries or orders.
2. Not to make any speculative, false or fraudulent orders. If we are reasonably of the opinion that such an order has been made, we shall be entitled to cancel the order and inform the relevant authorities.
3. To provide correct and accurate e-mail, postal and/or other contact details to us and acknowledge that we may use these details to contact you in the event that this should prove necessary (see our Data Protection Policies).
If you do not give us all of the information that we need, we may not be able to complete your order. By placing an order through this website, you warrant that you are at least 18 years old and are legally capable of entering into binding contracts.
5. SERVICE AVAILABILITY
Items offered over this website are only available for delivery to the United Kingdom mainland, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man. If you wish to order items from another EU member state outside of the UK via this website, you are of course welcome to do so, however the ordered items can only be delivered to a Zara store or a delivery address within the United Kingdom mainland, Northern Ireland or the Isle of Man.
6. HOW THE CONTRACT IS FORMED
The information set out in the Terms and the detail contained on this website do not constitute an offer for sale, but rather an invitation to treat. No contract in respect of any items will exist between us and you until your order has been expressly accepted by us, whether or not funds have been deducted from your account. If we do not accept your offer and funds have already been deducted, these will be fully refunded. To place an order, you must follow the online shopping process and click on "Authorise payment" to submit the order. After this, you will receive an email from us confirming receipt of your order (the "Order Confirmation"). Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted.
Your order constitutes your offer to us to buy one or more items from us. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm this acceptance to you by sending you an email that confirms that the item is being sent (the "Shipping Confirmation"). The contract for the purchase of an item between us (the "Contract") will only be formed when we send you the Shipping Confirmation. The Contract will relate only to those items whose dispatch we have confirmed in the Shipping Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other items which may have been part of your order, until the dispatch of those items has been confirmed in a separate Shipping Confirmation.
7. AVAILABILITY OF ITEMS
All orders for items are subject to availability and in this regard, in the event of supply difficulties or because items are no longer in stock, we reserve the right to give you information about substitute items of an equal or higher quality and value which you can order. If you do not wish to order the substitute items we will reimburse any monies that you may have paid.
8. REFUSAL OF ORDER
We reserve the right to withdraw any items from this website at any time and/or remove or edit any materials or content on this website. Whilst we will use our reasonable endeavours to process all the orders submitted to us, there may be exceptional circumstances which mean that we may need to refuse to process or accept an order after we have received it or sent you an Order Confirmation, which we reserve the right to do at any time. We will not be liable to you or any other third party by reason of our withdrawing any item from this website, removing or editing any materials or content on this website, or for refusing to process or accept an order after we have received it or sent you an Order Confirmation.
9. DELIVERY
Subject to availability (see Clause 7 above), and unless there are any exceptional circumstances, we will endeavour to fulfil your order for items listed in the Shipping Confirmation by the delivery date set out in the Shipping Confirmation or, if no estimated delivery date is specified, then within a maximum of 30 days of the date of the Order Confirmation. If we fail to deliver the items within 30 days of the date of the Order Confirmation, you may cancel the Contract and we will reimburse you the price paid for the items and any delivery costs paid.
If our supply of the items is delayed by an event outside our control, then we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know, and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. Provided we do this, we will not be liable for delays caused by the event, but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end the Contract and receive a refund for any items you have paid for but not received. With regard to the virtual gift card, we will send it on the date indicated by you when you place your order. Please note however that we do not deliver on Saturdays or Sundays, except in the case of the virtual gift card which will be delivered on the date indicated by you.
For the purpose of these Terms, "delivery" or "delivered" shall be deemed to have occurred when you or a third party nominated by you acquires physical possession of the items, which will be evidenced by the signing for receipt of the items at the agreed delivery address. The virtual gift card shall be deemed to be delivered in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Gift Card, and in all cases on the delivery date of the virtual card to the e-mail address indicated by you.
10. UNABLE TO DELIVER
If we are unable to deliver, your items will be returned to our depot. We will leave a note explaining where your parcel is and how you can rearrange delivery. If you are not at the delivery location at the time agreed, please contact us again to rearrange delivery for another mutually convenient day.
If after 15 days from the date your order is available for delivery, the order could not be delivered for reasons not attributable to us, we will assume that you wish to cancel the Contract and it will be terminated. As a result of the termination of the Contract, we will return to you all payments received from you, including delivery charges (except for any additional costs resulting from your choice of any delivery method other than the ordinary delivery method that we offer) without any undue delay, and at any rate, within 14 days of the date on which this Contract has been terminated.
This clause shall not apply to the virtual gift card, for which the delivery is governed by the Terms and Conditions of the Gift Card and clause 9 above.
11. INSTANT DELIVERY
If you have chosen the delivery at store option, we may subsequently notify you that our “Instant Delivery” service is available for the items in your order, but as this is subject to stock availability and other factors, it cannot be chosen by you when you place your order. If we have notified you that “Instant Delivery” is available, your order will be available to be picked up by you from that store before the estimated delivery dates that are stated in the Buying Guide section of our website.
Once your “Instant Delivery” order has been prepared, we will contact you to let you know that it is ready to be picked up. You can pick up the order either in person (by presenting the order number and a proof of identity) or you can appoint someone else to pick up the order on your behalf. In this case, the appointed person must present the order number and proof of his or her identity.
The terms of this Clause 11 (together with the rest of these Terms) will apply to you if you make a purchase via the “Instant Delivery” service, and will be subject to any other applicable regulations.
12. PRE-ORDER ITEMS
We may make it possible to order items through our website before we have them in stock (“Pre-OrderItems”).
When you order Pre-Order Items:
(a) they will typically be delivered within thirty (30) days of the date of your Order Confirmation; any longer delivery times will be shown on the website at the time you place your order;
(b) we will e-mail you a Shipping Confirmation when we have sent the Pre-Order Items out to you;
(c) they may be delivered in separate packages, and at different times, to any other items which you order; and
(d) you may cancel your order in the same way as any other order, see Clause 17 below for full details.
13. RISK AND TITLE
The Items will be at your risk from the time of delivery.
Ownership of the items will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the items, including delivery charges, or upon delivery (as defined in Clause 9), whichever is the later.
14. PRICE AND PAYMENT
The price of any items will be as stipulated on our website from time to time, except in cases of obvious error. While we try to ensure that all prices on this website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of items you have ordered, we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming the order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you, the order will be treated as cancelled and if you have already paid for the items you will receive a full refund.
We are under no obligation to provide the items to you at the incorrect (lower) price (even after we have sent you a Shipping Confirmation) if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as an incorrect price.
The prices on this website include VAT but exclude delivery costs, which will be added to the total amount due as set out in our Buying Guide. Prices are liable to change at any time, but (other than as set out above) changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you an Order Confirmation.
Therefore, except as provided above, price adjustments on previous orders are not permitted.
Once you have finished shopping, all the items you wish to purchase are added to your basket and your next step will be to go to the checkout process and make payment. To do this, you must follow the steps of the purchase process, completing or verifying the information requested in each step. Throughout the purchase process, before payment, you can modify the details of your order. There is a detailed description of the purchase process in the Buying Guide. Also, if you are a registered user, a record of all the orders placed by you is available in the "My Account" area.
Payment can be made by Visa, Mastercard, American Express, PayPal, and Apple Pay (only for iPhone or iPad APP). You can also pay all or part of the price of your order with a Zara gift card or credit voucher card for the United Kingdom issued by ZARA UK Limited or by Fashion Retail, S.A. (a Spanish company with offices at Avda. de la Diputación, Edificio Inditex, 15143 Arteixo, A Coruña, Spain). If you subsequently wish to exchange your order due to "Change of size", this option will only be available if you have used any of the following means of payment: Visa, MasterCard, or American Express.
To minimise the possibility of unauthorised access, your credit card details will be encrypted. By clicking "Authorise payment" you are confirming that the credit card is yours or that you are the legitimate holder of the gift card or the credit voucher card. Credit cards are subject to validation checks and authorisation by your card issuer, but if your card issuer fails to authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and may not be able to form a contract with you. Please note that Fashion Retail, S.A. of Avenida de la Diputación, Edificio Inditex, Arteixo, A Coruña, Spain, registered in the commercial register of A Coruña, vol. 3425, page 49, C-47731, 1st entry, and tax identification number A-70301981, will collect and make refunds on behalf of Zara UK Limited in relation to all payments made through this online platform.
Ordering through electronic devices in store, and making payment for those purchases
If you are placing your order through one of the electronic devices that are available at certain ZARA stores in the United Kingdom for this purpose, you must follow the steps of the purchase process that appear on the device, completing or verifying the information requested in each step. Throughout the purchase process, before payment, you can modify the details of your order. You must choose your payment method, and whether or not you require a gift receipt (if one is available), before you place your order. Please note that a binding order is placed at the time that you press the relevant "Authorise Payment" button on the device screen, and you are required to pay for your order once it has been placed. Payment can be made by Visa, Mastercard, or American Express card, and the above provisions regarding validation checks and authorisation of your card will apply. You may also be given the option to pay for your order at the till, and in which case, your payment can be made by any of the means of payment available in those stores.
Please note that if you place your order through an instore electronic device, but wish to cancel the order, you must pay for the order and wait for the items to be delivered, before returning them in accordance with the returns policy described below.
15. BUYING ITEMS AS A GUEST
The functionality of buying items as a guest is also available on this website. For this type of purchase, we will only request from you the essential data that is required to process your order. Upon completion of the purchase process, you will be offered the possibility of registering as a user or continuing as a non-registered user.
16. VALUE ADDED TAX
All purchases done through this website are subject to the statutory Value Added Tax (VAT. In this regard, and pursuant to Chapter I of Title V of the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006, the place of supply will be deemed to be within the Member State of the address where items shall be delivered, and applicable VAT shall be at the prevailing rate in each Member State where the items are to be supplied in accordance with the order placed.
The prices displayed on this website include VAT.
17. RETURNS POLICY
You may cancel your order for any reason up to 30 days from the date on which you receive the Shipping Confirmation, by notifying us of your decision to cancel using the following contact details: through the live webchat available 24/7 on our website, or by calling our Freephone number 0800 030 4238. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to have sent your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
If you have been charged for any items, we will process a refund, which will include the cost of delivery to the original delivery address (although we will not refund any supplementary delivery costs if you chose an enhanced type of delivery rather than our least expensive type of standard delivery). Please refer to our Returns and Exchanges Policy in our Buying Guide for further information.
Return of gift cards is governed by the Terms and Conditions of the Gift Card.
You do not have the right to cancel the Contract when it is for the delivery of any of the following three categories of "Excluded items":
Excluded Items
1. Items that have been made to your specifications or clearly personalised.
2. Sealed audio recordings, sealed video recordings or sealed computer software, once they are unsealed/unwrapped after you have received them
3. Sealed items that are not suitable for return for health protection and hygiene reasons (eg underwear, swimwear, earrings, hosiery, socks and fragrances), and that have been unsealed after delivery, or if the hygiene label is no longer in place.
When you receive the items, you may handle them to establish their nature, characteristics and functioning. Acceptable handling of the items is that which would reasonably be allowed in a shop. Items should not have been damaged, soiled, washed, altered or worn (other than to try the item on) and any labels or tags must be intact. If your handling goes beyond what is acceptable and the items are damaged or diminished in value, we may deduct from the amount we reimburse to you, or you may be liable to us for, an amount equal to the diminished value of the items.
Please return the items using or including all their original packaging, instructions, and other documents, if any, accompanying the items.
Returns Methods
To return an item, just choose one of the three free and flexible return options below:
a) Returns at any ZARA store
You may return any item at any ZARA store in the UK which has the same section to which the items you wish to return belong to. You just need to present, as well as the item, the e-ticket that was attached to the Shipping Confirmation, which is also saved under your account on our website, and on the Zara mobile  app. You can present the e-ticket either by showing it in digital form on your mobile phone, or by bringing to the store a print-out of the e-ticket.
Return of items ordered through electronic devices in store, paid for at the till
Please note that in respect of orders that were originally placed through an electronic device in a Zara store in the UK and that were paid for at the till of that store, returns can only take place in any Zara store in the UK, and not via methods b) and c) below, or any other method.
b) Returns by Courier
We can arrange for a courier to collect the item that you wish to return. In order to do this, you should access the "My Account > Orders and returns" section of the website and request a return. You must send the item in the same package that you received it, and follow the directions on the “Returns” section of this website. If you have bought any items as a guest, you may request returns by courier through the link sent to you in the order confirmation email.
c) Returns to UK Post Office or Royal Mail collection sites
You can request from us a pre-paid postage label for you to be able to attach to the parcel and drop your parcel off at your local Post Office, or Royal Mail collection site, in the UK. In order to do this, you should access the "My Account > Orders and returns" section of the website, and follow the steps provided. You must send the item in the same package that you received it, and follow the directions on the “Returns” section of this website. If you have bought any items as a guest, you may request returns by courier through the link sent to you in the order confirmation email. If you have any questions, please contact us on the live webchat available 24/7 via our website, or by calling 0800 030 4238.
None of the above options will entail any additional cost to you.
If you do not wish to use any of the free return methods available, you will be responsible for the return costs. We suggest you use an established courier in such instances, and select a recorded or guaranteed delivery service where available. Please bear in mind that if you wish to return the items to us freight collect/cash on delivery, we may charge you any costs incurred in such return.
After examining the items, we will inform you of whether you have the right to reimbursement of the amounts paid. Delivery costs will be reimbursed when the right of withdrawal is exercised within the statutory period and, all the items which the relevant parcel consisted of are returned. The refund will be paid as soon as possible and, in all cases, within 14 days from the date on which you notified us of your intention to cancel. Notwithstanding this, we may withhold the reimbursement until we have received the items back, or until you have supplied sufficient evidence of having sent back the items, whichever is the earlier. The refund will always be paid using the same payment means you used to pay for your purchase.
You are responsible for the cost and risk of returning the items to us, as indicated above.
If you have any questions, you can contact us via the live webchat available 24/7 via our website, or by calling 0800 030 4238.
Exchanges – for a change of size
If you decide that the item that you have purchased is in the wrong size for you, then you may be able to request a change in its size, without having to pay an additional delivery charge for the new item being sent to you, provided that you return the original item. This option is irrespective of your right of withdrawal, which will continue to exist legally and contractually. You can request the change of size via the "Orders and Exchanges" section of "My Account" on this website. You should select the new size of your item, and provided that (1) it is the same item; (2) its price on this website is equal to, or greater than, the price that you paid for the original item (but please note, in these circumstances only, you will not be charged for the price); (3) the means of payment that you originally used is one of those specified as such in Clause 13 of these Term; (4) you do not have any other open exchange requests; and (5) you are not requesting more than 5 items to be exchanged; then you will be able to request the change in size. Please note that the option for you to change the size of your original item will only be displayed as being available to you when all five of these conditions are met.
Once you have requested the exchange, and selected the appropriate returns method, you must return the original item, either to any Zara store in the UK, or via a courier that we send to your home, or by dropping it off at a Post Office, or Royal Mail collection site, in the UK, using a returns-paid label that we can supply to you. You must return the item without any undue delay, and in any event within a maximum period of 14 calendar days from making the exchange request via this website. Neither of these three options for returning the item will generate additional costs for you.
If you want to return the original item at any Zara store in the UK, you must present, as well as the original item, the e-ticket that was attached to the Shipping Confirmation, which is also saved under your account on our website, and on the Zara mobile app. You can present the e-ticket either by showing it in digital form on your mobile phone, or by bringing to the store a print-out of the e-ticket. If you want to return the item by courier arranged by us, you should return it in the same package that you received it, and follow the directions on the "Orders and Exchanges" section of the Buying Guide. If you want to return the item at your local Post Office or Royal Mail collection site, in the UK, you should contact us to arrange for us to send you a pre-paid postage label, and return it in the same package that you received it, with the pre-paid postage label attached, following the directions on the "Orders and Exchanges" section of the Buying Guide.
After you have chosen your return method, we will aim to send your new order to you, of the item in its revised size, within 2-3 working days from the date of request of the exchange, and in any event within a maximum of 30 days from that date. This option will not present an extra cost to you. The new order is governed by the provisions of these Terms, including your ability to exercise your right of withdrawal.
Please note that if after 14 calendar days from the date of the exchange request made via this website, you have not returned the original item, we are entitled to charge you the costs corresponding to the new order placed, subject to the provisions of these Terms.
Returns of defective items
If the item that you have received is defective, please notify us by using the live webchat available 24/7 via our website or by calling 0800 030 4238, and return the item in accordance with a) b) or c) above. Please provide proof of purchase, for example a copy of the E-ticket attached to the Shipping Confirmation. We will examine the item and if we deem it to be defective, we will provide a full refund including delivery charges, and the refund will be paid using the same means of payment that you originally used to pay for your purchase. These provisions do not limit any applicable statutory rights.
Returns of non-Zara items
You are responsible for checking the contents of any packages before you return them to us.
We are not responsible for the care or return of the contents of any packages which are erroneously returned to us (which included any products provided by other retailers) (“Erroneous Returns”). We may (but are not required to) contact you to inform you that you have made an Erroneous Return.
We will store any Erroneous Returns which we receive for a period of 14 days from the date we receive them. If you have not contacted us regarding the Erroneous Return within this time we will presume that the relevant contents have been abandoned. We reserve the right to destroy any such Erroneous Returns without notice to you.
Given the volume of returns we process, we do not promise that we will be able to locate all Erroneous Returns we receive.
If we are able to locate an Erroneous Return, we will take reasonable measures to return the relevant contents to you, but reserve the right to first require you to reimburse us for our reasonable costs in processing, storing and returning those contents to you.
RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
You have the right to withdraw from your order within 14 days, without giving any reason, although please note you have no right to withdraw items that are classed as 'Excluded Items' as mentioned above. The withdrawal period is counted from the day of the delivery of the last item(s) in your order. The easiest way to exercise your right of withdrawal is to contact us by using the live webchat available 24/7 via our website or by calling Freephone 0800 030 4238, and returning the goods to us using one of the three returns methods described above.
However, to meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to let us know about your decision to withdraw from your order before the withdrawal period has expired. You may also use the model cancellation form as set out in the Appendix to these terms, although it is not obligatory.
If you have ordered items from outside the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, from another EU member state via this website, then: - the provisions of this Clause 17 shall apply regarding withdrawal, returns and exchanges, save that the "Returns by Courier" option can only be selected if it is from the original delivery address within the UK or Isle of Man; and - we are under no obligation to repay shipping costs to destinations other than to the original UK/Isle of Man delivery address, nor will we repay the return costs from destinations outside the United Kingdom or Isle of Man; except if the item is defective, in which case the provisions of the paragraph above entitled "Returns of defective items" will apply in all cases.
Effects of withdrawal
We will refund all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery to the original delivery address (although we will not refund any supplementary delivery costs if you chose an enhanced type of delivery rather than our least expensive type of standard delivery), without undue delay and in any event no later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw. We will use the same means of payment that you used to pay for your order and this will not cause you any extra fees.
We may withhold the refund until we have received the items back, or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the items, whichever is the earlier.
You must send back the items or hand them over to us without undue delay, and in any event no later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw. Please use one of the three returns methods described above. If you do not use one of these three returns methods, you will need to bear the cost of returning the items to us.
You are only liable for any diminished value of the items resulting from their handling, other than that which is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the items.
18. LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERS
Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit in any way our liability: 1. For death or personal injury caused by our negligence; 2. For fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or 3. For any matter for which it would be illegal or unlawful for us to exclude or limit, or attempt to exclude or limit, our liability.
We are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage caused by us. If we fail to comply with these terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking the Contract or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the Contract was made, both we and you knew it might happen, for example, if you discussed it with us during the sales process.
We are not liable for business losses. We only supply the items for domestic and private use. If you use the items for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
Due to the open nature of this website and the potential for errors in the storage and transmission of digital information, we do not warrant the accuracy and security of information transmitted to or obtained from this website unless otherwise expressly set out on this website.
We have a legal duty to supply items to you that are in conformity with the Contract, however, without affecting that duty and to the fullest extent permitted by law, all item descriptions, information and materials posted on this website are provided "as is" and without warranties express, implied or otherwise howsoever arising. Where you are contracting as a consumer, in line with our obligations at law, we will be responsible for delivering items to you that: (i) comply with the description given by us and possess the qualities that we have presented in this website, (ii) are fit for the purposes for which items of their kind are normally used and (iii) show the quality and performance which are normal in items of the same type and can which can reasonably be expected.
We warrant to you that any item purchased from us through this website is of satisfactory quality and reasonably fit for all of the purposes for which items of the kind are commonly supplied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to law, but without excluding anything that may not lawfully be excluded in the case of consumers, we disclaim all other warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the items available on this website. Items (including handicraft items) sold by us will often contain the natural characteristics of the materials used in the manufacture of the completed item. Natural characteristics such as grain, texture, knots and colour variation should not be classed as faults or defects.
Inconsistencies in these natural characteristics should be expected and appreciated. We select only items  of the highest quality but natural characteristics are inevitable and should be accepted as part of the individual appearance of the item. Nothing in this Clause will affect your statutory rights as a consumer,
or your Contract cancellation rights.
19. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of this website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors. This does not prevent you using this website to the extent necessary to make a copy of any order or Contract details.
20. VIRUSES, HACKERING AND OTHER CYBERCRIMES
You may not misuse this website/App by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You will not attempt to have any unauthorized access to this website/App, to the server which hosts this site/App or to any other server, computer or data base related to our website. You undertake not to attack this website via a denial of service attack or a distributed denial of service attack. By breaching this provision you may commit a criminal offence under the applicable regulations. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authority and we will co-operate with the appropriate authority to disclose the identity of the hacker. Likewise, in the event of such a breach, your right to use this website/App will cease immediately. We will use reasonable care and skill to ensure that this website and App are safe, secure and free from bugs, viruses and other defects. Except to the extent it results from our failure to do so, we accept no liability for any loss or damage resulting from any denial of service attack, virus or any other software or material which is malicious or technologically harmful to your computer, equipment, data or material resulting from the use of this website/App or from the downloading of the contents thereof or of such contents to which this website/App redirects.
21. LINKS FROM OUR WEBSITE
We may have links from our website to other third party websites and materials; such links are provided exclusively for information purposes and we do not have any control whatsoever over the contents of such websites or materials. Accordingly, we accept no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of such links.
22. WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS
Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using our site, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on our website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
23. NOTICES
All notices given by you to us should be given to us via email to files.uk@zara.com. Subject to and as otherwise specified in Clause 21, we may give notice to you at either the e-mail or postal address you provide to us when placing an order. Notice will be deemed received and properly served immediately when posted on our website, 24 hours after an e-mail is sent, or three days after the date of posting of any letter. In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee.
24. TRANSFER OF RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
The Contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assigns.
You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of the Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it (aside from our guarantee), without our prior written consent.
However, you may transfer our guarantee in respect of defective products, which is stated at clause 16, to a person who has acquired the item. We may require the person to whom the guarantee is transferred to provide reasonable evidence that they are now the owner of the relevant item, for example by providing proof of purchase or producing a letter or chain of letters from the original Purchaser and subsequent Purchasers (where appropriate) transferring the benefit of the guarantee to the new owner of the item in question.
We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of the Contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the term of the Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, any such transfer, assignment, charge or other disposition will not affect your statutory rights as a consumer or your rights under the Contract or cancel, reduce or otherwise limit any warranty or guarantee which may have been provided by us to you, whether express or implied.
25. EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under the Contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control.
An event outside our control includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control and includes in particular (without limitation) the following:
1. Strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action.
2. Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war.
3. Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster.
4. Impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport.
5. Impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks.
6. The acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government.
7. Any shipping, postal or other relevant transport strike, failure or accidents.
Our performance under any Contract is deemed to be suspended for the period that any event outside our control continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will use our reasonable endeavours to bring the event outside our control to a close or to find a solution by which our obligations under the Contract may be performed despite the event outside our control.
26. WAIVER
If we fail, at any time during the term of the Contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the Contract or any of these Terms, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the Contract, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations. A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default arising from the Contract or the Terms. No waiver by us of any of these Terms shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing in accordance with the paragraph on Notices above.
27. SEVERABILITY
If any of these Terms or any provisions of the Contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
28. OUR RIGHT TO VARY THESE TERMS
We have the right to revise and amend these Terms from time to time. You will be subject to the policies and Terms in force at the time that you use this website or order items from us, unless any change to those policies, Terms or Privacy Statement is required to be made by law or governmental authority, in which case, any potential changes will also apply to orders previously placed by you.
29. LAW AND JURISDICTION
The use of our website and the Contracts for the purchase of items through such website will be governed by English law. Any dispute arising from, or related to the use of this website or to such Contracts shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. If you are contracting as a consumer, nothing in this Clause will affect your statutory rights as such. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the items in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the items in either the Northern Irish or the English courts. If you live in the Isle of Man you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the items in either the Isle of Man or the English courts.
30. FEEDBACK
We welcome your comments and feedback. Please send all feedback and comments to us via our live webchat available 24/7 via our website, or to the e-mail address files.uk@zara.com If you as a buyer consider your rights have been breached, you can address your complaints to us via our live webchat available 24/7, or by emailing files.uk@zara.com, or by calling Freephone 0800 030 4238.
In the unlikely event that our Customer Services team are unable to resolve your complaint, and you are still not satisfied following the conclusion of our complaints handling procedure, then you may refer your complaint to RetailADR, which is an organisation authorised to resolve disputes between consumers and retailers (www.retailadr.org.uk). They may be contacted via post to RetailADR, 12 Walker Avenue,
Stratford Office Village, Wolverton Mill, Milton Keynes MK12 5TW (Tel: +44 203 540 8063), or via email to enquiries@retailadr.org.uk . We will review any complaint passed on to us by RetailADR.
If you purchased from us through our website, you may be entitled to seek to settle the consumer dispute with us out-of court, through the EU platform for online dispute resolution which is available at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
Last updated on 3 December 2018
APPENDIX
Model cancellation form (complete and return this form only if you wish to cancel the contract)
To Zara UK Limited, operating under the trading name ZARA, by email to files.uk@zara.com
I hereby give notice that I cancel my contract of sale of the following items:
[customer to insert description of items]
Ordered on/received on (*)
Name of consumer
Address of consumer
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Delete as appropriate
WALLET TERMS OF USE
These Terms of Use (hereinafter, the "Wallet Terms of Use") govern the access and use of the Wallet service (hereinafter "Wallet" or "Service") available via the Zara App. Thus, the Wallet Terms of Use constitute the agreement between you and Zara UK Limited for the access and use of the Service. These
Terms of Use are without prejudice to and in addition to the Purchase Conditions for www.zara.com.
Using Wallet allows you to make payments for purchases in Zara's physical stores (herein referred to as the "Physical Store" or "Physical Stores"), and also manage receipts for purchases made in Zara's online store (herein referred to as the "Online Store"), both of which are operated in the United Kingdom by Zara UK Limited, a company registered in England & Wales under company number 2245999 whose registered office address is at Lumina House, 89 New Bond Street, London W1S 1DA ("Zara").
In other countries in which there are physical stores operated under the Zara name, these stores are operated by the corresponding company relevant to that country. In other countries in which there are physical stores and also an online store under the Zara name, those businesses are both operated by the company relevant to that country.
Please read these Wallet Terms of Use carefully upon accessing the platform and before registering with Wallet. By using the Service, you agree to be bound by the Wallet Terms of Use. Thus, if you do not agree with such Terms, you should not use the Service.
1. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE WALLET SERVICE
The purpose of Wallet is to facilitate your purchases and returns, both online and in Physical Stores. Wallet allows you to initiate payments for in-person purchases at those Physical Stores where this service is available, and to manage your receipts in relation to purchases made both in Physical Stores and also in the Online Store. Also, Wallet gives you the ability to do the following:
i. Access your electronic receipts that relate to your purchases made in Physical Stores where your payment was made with Wallet, or that have been added to Wallet via the processes described in iii. and iv. below. In addition, you can access your electronic receipts that relate to purchases made from the Online Store;
ii. Manage your debit cards, credit cards and gift cards: you can add cards to use for your payments that you make via Wallet in Physical Stores. Also, whenever you have a saved card in Wallet, you have the option to use 'Quick Purchase' at the Online Store, and Wallet will automatically activate the use of the saved card as your means of payment.
By entering new card data into Wallet, you authorise Zara to check the validity of your credit or debit cards and of your gift or credit voucher cards whose data you wish to store, which includes the possibility that your card may be charged via the micropayment security system.
The amount of this micropayment will be refunded within a maximum period of one month from the date of the same. Payments initiated through Wallet will be charged to cards stored on Wallet, as indicated in these Wallet Terms of Use. For security reasons, you will be requested to create a password to use Wallet via the App.
iii. Scanning of receipts – if your original receipt is in paper format, Wallet can generate a digital copy of the same receipt by scanning the QR code that is found printed on the receipt. From then on, you can use this electronic receipt to make returns in Physical Stores, although please note that any returns will always be in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions, Zara's commercial policies, and all relevant legislation.
iv. Storage of electronic receipts – if you pay by means of credit card or in cash in Physical Stores, you can ask to receive your receipt in electronic format. In order to do this, you have to show to the cashier the QR code that will be shown on your device, and then at the end of the transaction, the receipt will be sent to you automatically in the App. From then on, you can use this electronic receipt to then make returns in Physical Stores, although please note that any returns will always be in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions, Zara's commercial policies, and all relevant legislation.
In each case, each function of Wallet will be subject to all relevant legislation regarding electronic receipts or any other matter that affects their application, and to which these Wallet Terms of Use are subject.
If you decide to ask to cease using Wallet, you will have the ability to request, during the termination process, that all your receipts stored in the App can be sent to you by email if you so wish.
Making payments using Wallet
In order to make payments with Wallet in Physical Stores in which this service is available, you must follow the instructions given to you by the cashier in the store. In order to commence the payment using Wallet you must present to the cashier the QR code generated by the App, which will be verified by the cashier and read by the technical means enabled at the cash desk of the Physical Store. As part of the security mechanisms authorised in the device where you have the App, Wallet can ask for the introduction of the Wallet Password in order to generate the QR code that allows for the management of the payment.
Please note that whenever you make a payment via Wallet, your receipt will be in electronic format and a paper receipt will not be produced.
When you make a payment using Wallet in a Physical Store, this will be charged to the credit card that you have selected via the Service at the beginning of the payment process.
By entering your details you are confirming that at that time that you are authorised to make the payment for the purchase itself, by presenting the QR code to the staff member and by the reading of that code via the technical means authorised at the cash desk of the Physical Store.
The purchase that was paid for via Wallet in a Physical Store is at all times subject to the corresponding terms and conditions of the Physical Store. Any claim in respect of the contract between you and the Physical Stores will be directed to Zara UK Limited, or if it is carried out in a physical stores located outside the UK, against the company relevant in each case.
Use of Wallet is free of charge. Your card issuer may charge fees for payments made with your card. See the terms of the contract with your card issuer for more information. Similarly, your telecommunications service operator may charge for the use of the telecommunications network through which you access Wallet. See the terms of the contract with your network provider for more information.
You may only use Wallet to initiate payments at the establishments indicated. Wallet use for any other purpose is strictly prohibited. Zara reserves the right to remove the user from Wallet, terminate their account and take appropriate action in respect of the liabilities of the user who makes improper or fraudulent use thereof, or violates the terms and procedures contained in these Wallet Terms of Use.
2. AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICE AND WALLET
Zara reserves the right to modify, suspend or remove, at any time, at its sole discretion and without prior notice, whether in general terms or for one or more users in particular, any or all of the functions of Wallet, as well as to modify, suspend or remove, in the same terms, the availability of part or all of the Service.
3. LIABILITY
Except in those circumstances in which exclusion of liability is limited by law, Zara will not be responsible for any damages that may be incurred or suffered by you from the use of Wallet. You agree to use Wallet for the sole purposes for which it is intended, and therefore agree to not make an improper or fraudulent use thereof, being liable to Zara or any third party for any damages that may result from the misuse of Wallet.
You will be liable in the following cases:
a) when, in the event, your computer or any terminal associated with the App, SIM cards, email addresses and/or any of the Passwords are used by a third party authorised by you without our knowledge.
b) when any error or failure occurs when using Wallet or the App as a result of a malfunction of your hardware, software, devices or terminals or because of not having stored the necessary security mechanisms in the device in which you use the App.
4. INTELLECTUAL, INDUSTRIAL AND PROPERTY RIGHTS, AND OTHER RIGHTS
Zara holds exclusive ownership of all intellectual and industrial property rights, and any other similar property right inherent to the App and to Wallet and Service. Similarly, the Company reserves all rights over any content, service or element under its ownership and that are incorporated on the Platform including but not limited to those elements forming the visual appearance, graphics or illustrated images, as well as other sensorial stimuli contained on the App; the navigation architecture; the source codes of the App; photographs, recordings, computer programmes, databases, technology, logotypes and distinguishing signs. All of these are collectively referred to as "Property".
Third party Ownership. The user acknowledges and accepts that content and services owned by third parties are found on Wallet, whose rights are protected by the legislation applicable in matters concerning intellectual and industrial property rights, rights to exploit the commercial and publicity value of image, and other analogous rights, as applicable.
Reservation of Rights. The user agrees to abstain from withdrawing, removing, manipulating, or in any way modifying:
- Any notes, legends, indications or symbols which either the Company or the legitimate owners of the rights may include in their properties in matters concerning intellectual or industrial property (such as, for example, copyright, ©, ® y ™, etc.).
- The technical data protection or identification systems which may be contained in the content (such as, for example, water marks, finger prints, etc.).
The user acknowledges that, pursuant to these Wallet Terms of Use, Zara neither hereby grants nor transfers any rights whatsoever to the user over its Property, or over any third party property. Zara solely authorises the user to access and use the same in accordance with the terms indicated in these Wallet Terms of Use.
Users are not authorised to copy, distribute (including via emails and the Internet), transmit, communicate, modify, alter, transform, transfer or, by any other means, engage in any activities involving the commercial use of the Property, be this partially or totally, without the express written consent of the legitimate owner of the exploitation rights.
The access and use of the Property must always be strictly for personal and non-commercial purposes. Zara reserves all rights over the Property, including, by way of illustration and not limitation, all of the intellectual and industrial property rights that it holds over the same. Zara does not grant any other license or right of use to the user of its Property other than that expressly detailed in this clause.
Zara reserves the right to resolve or modify the licences granted under these Wallet Terms of Use, at any time and for any reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Zara may take legal action against any use by the user which:
- does not comply with the Wallet Terms of Use specified herein;
- infringes or violates the intellectual and industrial property rights or other similar rights of Zara, or of any other legitimate holder of such rights; or
- violates any applicable regulations.

Terms of Service
Updated on: 19th March 2015.
Effective Date: 19th April 2015.
THIS IS AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT (hereinafter “You” or “Your”) AND ZOHO CORPORATION (hereinafter “Zoho”) GOVERNING YOUR USE OF ZOHO SUITE OF ONLINE BUSINESS PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION SOFTWARE.

Parts of this Agreement
This Agreement consists of the following terms and conditions (hereinafter the “General Terms”) and terms and conditions, if any, specific to use of individual Services (hereinafter the “Service Specific Terms”). The General Terms and Service Specific Terms are collectively referred to as the “Terms”. In the event of a conflict between the General Terms and Service Specific Terms, the Service Specific Terms shall prevail.

Acceptance of the Terms
You must be of legal age to enter into a binding agreement in order to accept the Terms. If you do not agree to the General Terms, do not use any of our Services. If you agree to the General Terms and do not agree to any Service Specific Terms, do not use the corresponding Service. You can accept the Terms by checking a checkbox or clicking on a button indicating your acceptance of the terms or by actually using the Services.

Description of Service
We provide an array of services for online collaboration and management including word processor, spreadsheet, presentation tool, database application creator, email client, chat client, organizer, customer relationship management application and project management application ("Service" or "Services"). You may use the Services for your personal and business use or for internal business purpose in the organization that you represent. You may connect to the Services using any Internet browser supported by the Services. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Internet and the equipment necessary to use the Services. You can create and edit content with your user account and if you choose to do so, you can publish and share such content.

Subscription to Beta Service
We may offer certain Services as closed or open beta services ("Beta Service" or “Beta Services”) for the purpose of testing and evaluation. You agree that we have the sole authority and discretion to determine the period of time for testing and evaluation of Beta Services. We will be the sole judge of the success of such testing and the decision, if any, to offer the Beta Services as commercial services. You will be under no obligation to acquire a subscription to use any paid Service as a result of your subscription to any Beta Service. We reserve the right to fully or partially discontinue, at any time and from time to time, temporarily or permanently, any of the Beta Services with or without notice to you. You agree that Zoho will not be liable to you or to any third party for any harm related to, arising out of, or caused by the modification, suspension or discontinuance of any of the Beta Services for any reason.

Modification of Terms of Service
We may modify the Terms upon notice to you at any time through a service announcement or by sending email to your primary email address. If we make significant changes to the Terms that affect your rights, you will be provided with at least 30 days advance notice of the changes by email to your primary email address. You may terminate your use of the Services by providing Zoho notice by email within 30 days of being notified of the availability of the modified Terms if the Terms are modified in a manner that substantially affects your rights in connection with use of the Services. In the event of such termination, you will be entitled to prorated refund of the unused portion of any prepaid fees. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date of any change to the Terms will be deemed to be your agreement to the modified Terms.

User Sign up Obligations
You need to sign up for a user account by providing all required information in order to access or use the Services. If you represent an organization and wish to use the Services for corporate internal use, we recommend that you, and all other users from your organization, sign up for user accounts by providing your corporate contact information. In particular, we recommend that you use your corporate email address. You agree to: a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the sign up process; and b) maintain and promptly update the information provided during sign up to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete, or if Zoho has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete, Zoho may terminate your user account and refuse current or future use of any or all of the Services.

Organization Accounts and Administrators
When you sign up for an account for your organization you may specify one or more administrators. The administrators will have the right to configure the Services based on your requirements and manage end users in your organization account. If your organization account is created and configured on your behalf by a third party, it is likely that such third party has assumed administrator role for your organization. Make sure that you enter into a suitable agreement with such third party specifying such party’s roles and restrictions as an administrator of your organization account.

You are responsible for i) ensuring confidentiality of your organization account password, ii) appointing competent individuals as administrators for managing your organization account, and iii) ensuring that all activities that occur in connection with your organization account comply with this Agreement. You understand that Zoho is not responsible for account administration and internal management of the Services for you.

You are responsible for taking necessary steps for ensuring that your organization does not lose control of the administrator accounts. You may specify a process to be followed for recovering control in the event of such loss of control of the administrator accounts by sending an email to legal@zohocorp.com, provided that the process is acceptable to Zoho. In the absence of any specified administrator account recovery process, Zoho may provide control of an administrator account to an individual providing proof satisfactory to Zoho demonstrating authorization to act on behalf of the organization. You agree not to hold Zoho liable for the consequences of any action taken by Zoho in good faith in this regard.

Personal Information and Privacy
Personal information you provide to Zoho through the Service is governed by Zoho Privacy Policy. Your election to use the Service indicates your acceptance of the terms of the Zoho Privacy Policy. You are responsible for maintaining confidentiality of your username, password and other sensitive information. You are responsible for all activities that occur in your user account and you agree to inform us immediately of any unauthorized use of your user account by email to accounts@zohocorp.com or by calling us on any of the numbers listed on https://www.zoho.com/contact.html. We are not responsible for any loss or damage to you or to any third party incurred as a result of any unauthorized access and/or use of your user account, or otherwise.

Communications from Zoho
The Service may include certain communications from Zoho, such as service announcements, administrative messages and newsletters. You understand that these communications shall be considered part of using the Services. As part of our policy to provide you total privacy, we also provide you the option of opting out from receiving newsletters from us. However, you will not be able to opt-out from receiving service announcements and administrative messages.

Complaints
If we receive a complaint from any person against you with respect to your activities as part of use of the Services, we will forward the complaint to the primary email address of your user account. You must respond to the complainant directly within 10 days of receiving the complaint forwarded by us and copy Zoho in the communication. If you do not respond to the complainant within 10 days from the date of our email to you, we may disclose your name and contact information to the complainant for enabling the complainant to take legal action against you. You understand that your failure to respond to the forwarded complaint within the 10 days’ time limit will be construed as your consent to disclosure of your name and contact information by Zoho to the complainant.

Fees and Payments
The Services are available under subscription plans of various durations. Payments for subscription plans of duration of less than a year can be made only by Credit Card. Your subscription will be automatically renewed at the end of each subscription period unless you downgrade your paid subscription plan to a free plan or inform us that you do not wish to renew the subscription. At the time of automatic renewal, the subscription fee will be charged to the Credit Card last used by you. We provide you the option of changing the details if you would like the payment for the renewal to be made through a different Credit Card. If you do not wish to renew the subscription, you must inform us at least seven days prior to the renewal date. If you have not downgraded to a free plan and if you have not informed us that you do not wish to renew the subscription, you will be presumed to have authorized Zoho to charge the subscription fee to the Credit Card last used by you. Please click here to know about our Refund Policy.

From time to time, we may change the price of any Service or charge for use of Services that are currently available free of charge. Any increase in charges will not apply until the expiry of your then current billing cycle. You will not be charged for using any Service unless you have opted for a paid subscription plan.

Restrictions on Use
In addition to all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shall not: (i) transfer the Services or otherwise make it available to any third party; (ii) provide any service based on the Services without prior written permission; (iii) use the third party links to sites without agreeing to their website terms & conditions; (iv) post links to third party sites or use their logo, company name, etc. without their prior written permission; (v) publish any personal or confidential information belonging to any person or entity without obtaining consent from such person or entity; (vi) use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or harm any server, network, computer system, resource of Zoho; (vii) violate any applicable local, state, national or international law; and (viii) create a false identity to mislead any person as to the identity or origin of any communication.

Spamming and Illegal Activities
You agree to be solely responsible for the contents of your transmissions through the Services. You agree not to use the Services for illegal purposes or for the transmission of material that is unlawful, defamatory, harassing, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, pornographic, obscene, or is otherwise objectionable, offends religious sentiments, promotes racism, contains viruses or malicious code, or that which infringes or may infringe intellectual property or other rights of another. You agree not to use the Services for the transmission of "junk mail", "spam", "chain letters", “phishing” or unsolicited mass distribution of email. We reserve the right to terminate your access to the Services if there are reasonable grounds to believe that you have used the Services for any illegal or unauthorized activity.

Inactive User Accounts Policy
We reserve the right to terminate unpaid user accounts that are inactive for a continuous period of 120 days. In the event of such termination, all data associated with such user account will be deleted. We will provide you prior notice of such termination and option to back-up your data. The data deletion policy may be implemented with respect to any or all of the Services. Each Service will be considered an independent and separate service for the purpose of calculating the period of inactivity. In other words, activity in one of the Services is not sufficient to keep your user account in another Service active. In case of accounts with more than one user, if at least one of the users is active, the account will not be considered inactive.

Data Ownership
We respect your right to ownership of content created or stored by you. You own the content created or stored by you. Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Services does not grant Zoho the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the content created by you or stored in your user account for Zoho’s commercial, marketing or any similar purpose. But you grant Zoho permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, publicly display and publicly perform the content of your user account solely as required for the purpose of providing the Services to you.

User Generated Content
You may transmit or publish content created by you using any of the Services or otherwise. However, you shall be solely responsible for such content and the consequences of its transmission or publication. Any content made public will be publicly accessible through the internet and may be crawled and indexed by search engines. You are responsible for ensuring that you do not accidentally make any private content publicly available. Any content that you may receive from other users of the Services, is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and you agree not to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license or otherwise exploit such content for any purpose, without the express written consent of the person who owns the rights to such content. In the course of using any of the Services, if you come across any content with copyright notice(s) or any copy protection feature(s), you agree not to remove such copyright notice(s) or disable such copy protection feature(s) as the case may be. By making any copyrighted/copyrightable content available on any of the Services you affirm that you have the consent, authorization or permission, as the case may be from every person who may claim any rights in such content to make such content available in such manner. Further, by making any content available in the manner aforementioned, you expressly agree that Zoho will have the right to block access to or remove such content made available by you if Zoho receives complaints concerning any illegality or infringement of third party rights in such content. By using any of the Services and transmitting or publishing any content using such Service, you expressly consent to determination of questions of illegality or infringement of third party rights in such content by the agent designated by Zoho for this purpose.

For procedure relating to complaints of illegality or infringement of third party rights in content transmitted or published using the Services, click here.

If you wish to protest any blocking or removal of content by Zoho, you may do so in the manner provided here.

Sample files and Applications
Zoho may provide sample files and applications for the purpose of demonstrating the possibility of using the Services effectively for specific purposes. The information contained in any such sample files and applications consists of random data. Zoho makes no warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy, usefulness, completeness or reliability of the information or the sample files and applications.

Trademark
Zoho, Zoho logo, the names of individual Services and their logos are trademarks of ZOHO Corporation. You agree not to display or use, in any manner, the Zoho trademarks, without Zoho’s prior permission.

Disclaimer of Warranties
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS-AND-AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. ZOHO EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ZOHO MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE. USE OF ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, MOBILE TELEPHONE, WIRELESS DEVICE OR DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM ZOHO, ITS EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.

Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT ZOHO SHALL, IN NO EVENT, BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER OR FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER FAILURE, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER LOSS ARISING OUT OF OR CAUSED BY YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, EVEN IF ZOHO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. IN NO EVENT SHALL ZOHO’S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO YOU IN RESPECT OF ANY SERVICE, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY YOU TOWARDS SUCH SERVICE.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Zoho, its officers, directors, employees, suppliers, and affiliates, from and against any losses, damages, fines and expenses (including attorney's fees and costs) arising out of or relating to any claims that you have used the Services in violation of another party's rights, in violation of any law, in violations of any provisions of the Terms, or any other claim related to your use of the Services, except where such use is authorized by Zoho.

Arbitration
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Terms shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and unappealable. The arbitration shall be conducted in California and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Zoho may at any time seek injunctions or other forms of equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction.

Suspension and Termination
We may suspend your user account or temporarily disable access to whole or part of any Service in the event of any suspected illegal activity, extended periods of inactivity or requests by law enforcement or other government agencies. Objections to suspension or disabling of user accounts should be made to legal@zohocorp.com within thirty days of being notified about the suspension. We may terminate a suspended or disabled user account after thirty days. We will also terminate your user account on your request.

In addition, we reserve the right to terminate your user account and deny the Services upon reasonable belief that you have violated the Terms and to terminate your access to any Beta Service in case of unexpected technical issues or discontinuation of the Beta Service. You have the right to terminate your user account if Zoho breaches its obligations under these Terms and in such event, you will be entitled to prorated refund of any prepaid fees. Termination of user account will include denial of access to all Services, deletion of information in your user account such as your email address and password and deletion of all data in your user account.

END OF TERMS OF SERVICE
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Agreement, please contact us at legal@zohocorp.com.
Terms of Service

Effective July 26, 2016.

Effective September 26, 2016 for players who do not play any Zynga game for the first time between July 26, 2016 and September 26, 2016.

To review a copy of the prior version of Zynga’s Terms of Service, click here.

IMPORTANT NOTICE: FOR U.S. AND CANADIAN PLAYERS, DISPUTES ABOUT THESE TERMS OR RELATING TO ZYNGA SERVICES GENERALLY MUST BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION AND ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS ONLY. For more details, go to Section 17.

Please read these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy carefully before using Zynga Services.

Whenever you use the Services, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service. If you don’t agree to all the terms and conditions you must not use our Services.

References to “Zynga,” “Us” or “We” means Zynga Inc and Zynga’s Corporate Family.

Zynga Inc. is located at 699 8th Street, San Francisco, California 94103, if you’re in the United States. If you’re not in the United States, then references to “Zynga,” “Us” or “We” mean Zynga Game Ireland Limited located at 25-28 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland.

In all cases, “Zynga,” “Us,” or “We” includes agents, consultants, employees, officers and directors.

1. DEFINITIONS

“Account” means an account you create when you access the Services.

“Community Rules” means the rules of conduct that govern your interaction with our Services and other players and can be found here.

“Feature Terms” means any other rules related to specific services like platforms and APIs, applications for mobile devices, forums, contests, subscriptions or loyalty programs that We may publish which apply to your use of those specific services and state they are part of these Terms.

“Offers” means special programs, including offers, excursions, and special gifts, both digital and tactile, that Zynga may offer from time to time to certain eligible players.

“Services” refers to products, games, services, content, Zynga.com and/or the other domains provided by Zynga.

“Terms of Service” or “Terms” means these terms of service.

“User Content” means all the data that you upload or transmit on or through the Service. This includes things like your profile picture or your in-game chat.

“Virtual Items” means (a) virtual currency, including but not limited to virtual coins, cash, tokens, or points, all for use in the Service and (b) virtual in-game items.

“Zynga Corporate Family” refers to Zynga’s subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership and/or any of their agents, consultants, employees, officers and directors.

“Zynga Affiliates” refers to the Zynga Corporate Family plus Zynga’s and the Zynga Corporate Family’s third-party content providers, distributors, licensees or licensors.

2. CHANGES TO THESE TERMS

We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms, Community Rules, Feature Terms, and Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended Terms, Community Rules, Feature Terms, or Privacy Policy on our sites or within the Service (such as through in-game notices). We may provide additional notice, such as an e-mail message or messaging within the Services, of any material changes. Unless We state otherwise, changes are effective when posted. If you continue to use the Services after the changes are posted you agree to the changes. New versions of the Terms, the Community Rules and the Privacy Policy and any other policies, codes or rules will be accessible at www.zynga.com or from within the Services.

If you have a dispute with Zynga, the version of the Terms, the Community Rules, Feature Terms, and the Privacy Policy in effect at the time Zynga received actual notice of the dispute will apply to such dispute. However, if you keep using the Service after the changes are posted, you are agreeing that the changes apply to your continued use of the Services.

You can’t make changes to the Terms, Community Rules, Feature Terms, or Privacy Policy unless both you and Zynga sign a written amendment.

If the Terms or the Privacy Policy have provisions that conflict with other Zynga terms or policies, the provisions in these Terms and the Privacy Policy win.

3. ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND SECURITY

In order to use our Services, We may ask you to create an Account and select a password and/or provide Us with certain personal information, which may include your name, birth date, e-mail address, and, in some cases, payment information. This information will be held and used in accordance with Zynga's Privacy Policy.

You agree to supply Zynga with accurate, complete, and updated information, particularly your email address.

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Account. Don’t share your Account details with others or allow others to access or use your Account. You are solely responsible for any activity in your Account whether or not authorized by you, including purchases made using any payment instrument (for example, credit card, PayPal or social network or platform virtual currency).

Tell Us immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, fraud, or unauthorized use of your Account or Account password.

4. PRIVACY

Zynga's Privacy Policy tells you how We collect and use information about you and your computer or mobile device, and how you can use the Services to share such information with others. You understand that through your use of our Services you acknowledge the collection, use and sharing of this information as described in Zynga’s Privacy Policy. If you don’t agree with the Privacy Policy, then you must stop using our Services.

We encourage you to read the Zynga Privacy Policy carefully and use it to make informed decisions.

5. USING OUR SERVICES

Who can use our Service: We are excited to have you start playing our games, but there are some limits on who can use our Service.

You may not use our Service if:

You cannot enter into a binding contract with Zynga;
You are under 13 years of age, in which case you must not create an Account, use any part of the Service except games with an age screen after accurately identifying your age, or submit personal information through the Service or to Zynga (for example, name, address, telephone number, email address);
You are not allowed to receive products, including services or software, from the United States, for example if you are located in a country embargoed by the United States or if you are on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals;
You are a convicted sex offender; or
You have previously been banned from playing any Zynga game or using any Zynga Service.
If you are under the age of 18, or under the age of majority where you live, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms.

Additional Important Rules and Terms:

If you use our Service, you must follow the Zynga Community Rules and all other Feature Terms that may apply. These additional rules and terms apply in addition to these Terms and are important. Please read them. If you access the Service from a social network or download the Service from another platform, such as Apple or Google, you must also comply with its terms of service/use as well as these Terms.

Accessing our Service:

To access or play our games or create an account with Us, you may need an account with a social network, like Facebook, and, if you are using our mobile Service, an account with the company that provides your mobile applications, like an iTunes account. You may need to update third party software from time to time to receive the Service and play Zynga’s Games.

We provide the games. You provide the equipment (computer, phone, tablet, etc.) and pay any fees to connect to the Internet and app stores, or for data or cellular usage to download and use the Service.

Service Changes and Limitations:

The Service is evolving and We may require that you accept updates to the Service as well as to the Terms, Community Rules, and the Zynga Privacy Policy. From time to time we may make you update the game or your software to continue to use Our Services. We may perform these updates remotely including to Zynga software residing on your computer or mobile device, without notifying you.

Zynga reserves the right to stop offering and/or supporting the Service or a particular game or part of the Service at any time either permanently or temporarily, at which point your license to use the Service or any part of it will be automatically terminated or suspended. If that happens, Zynga is not required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation to players in connection with discontinued elements of the Service or for virtual goods previously earned or purchased.

ZYNGA MAY, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION LIMIT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY, OR DELETE ACCOUNTS OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION OF IT AND PROHIBIT ACCESS TO OUR GAMES AND SITES, AND THEIR CONTENT, SERVICES AND TOOLS, DELAY OR REMOVE HOSTED CONTENT AND ZYNGA IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY SUCH LOSSES OR RESULTS.

If you believe that any action has been taken against your Black Diamond Slots account in error, please visit: http://risingtidegames.helpshift.com/a/black-diamond-casino, or if you believe that any action has been taken against your Natural Motion game account in error, please email contact@naturalmotion.com.

Deleting your Account:

You may stop using the Service at any time and may request that We stop making active use of your data at any time by following the instructions in the Privacy Policy. Unless the local law where you are located requires otherwise, We are not required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation if you request deletion of your Account.

6. OWNERSHIP; LIMITED LICENSE

Games and Service:

The Service is comprised of works owned by Zynga, and it is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent and other US and non-US intellectual property and other applicable laws, rules or regulations. Zynga owns, has licensed, or otherwise has rights to use all of the content that appears in the Service. These Terms do not grant you or any other party any right, title or interest in the Service or any content in the Service.

So long as you abide by these Terms and any other rules, including the Community Rules, Zynga grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable limited license subject to the limitations in these Terms, to access and use the Service using a Zynga supported web browser or mobile device solely for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the Service for any other purpose.

If you violate these Terms, or any of Our other terms that apply to you, We may take action against you, up to and including permanently suspending your account In addition, you may be breaking the law, including violations of Zynga’s intellectual property rights. ANY ATTEMPT BY YOU TO DISRUPT OR INTERFERE WITH THE SERVICE INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION UNDERMINING OR MANIPULATING THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF ANY ZYNGA GAME IS A VIOLATION OF ZYNGA POLICY AND MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS.

Your Account and Virtual Items:

Regardless of what anything else says in these Terms, the Community Rules, or any other Feature Terms that apply to features you may choose to use, you do not own the Account that you create on Our Service, including in Our games, and your Account is not your property. This also applies to other stuff, like in-game currency or items, regardless of whether you “earned” those items in a game or “purchased” them. Your account and any related items are owned by Zynga. Zynga gives you a limited license to use your account and the related items while We offer the Services

WE MAY DELETE OR TERMINATE ACCOUNTS THAT ARE INACTIVE (I.E., NOT LOGGED INTO) FOR 180 DAYS.

IF YOU WANT US TO DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT, YOU CAN GO HERE FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO MAKE THAT REQUEST.

You are not allowed to transfer Virtual Items outside of the Service (i.e., in the “real world”), for example by selling, gifting, or trading them. We won’t recognize those transfers as legitimate. You are not allowed to sublicense, trade, sell or attempt to sell in-game Virtual Items for "real" money, or exchange Virtual Items for value of any kind outside of a game. Any such transfer or attempted transfer is prohibited and void, and We may terminate your Account because of it.

User Content:

If you transmit or upload User Content on the Service, you agree that it will be:

accurate;

not confidential;

not in violation of the law;

not in violation of contractual restrictions or other parties’ rights, and that you have permission from any other party whose personal or other information or intellectual property is contained within the User Content;

free of viruses, adware, spyware, worms or other malicious code;

in compliance with the Zynga Community Rules.

Your User Content will be processed by Zynga in accordance with its Privacy Policy.

You own your User Content, but you give Zynga a perpetual and irrevocable (other than as provided below), worldwide, fully paid-up and royalty free, non-exclusive, license to use your User Content and any modified and derivative works thereof in connection with the Service, including in marketing and promotions. To the extent allowed by applicable laws, you waive any moral rights you may have in any User Content (like the right to be identified as the author of the User Content or the right to object to a certain use of that User Content).

Zynga’s license to your User Content ends when you request deletion of your User Content by submitting a request to privacy@zynga.com, or for Black Diamond Slots, email support@risingtidegames.com , or for Natural Motion games email contact@naturalmotion.com stating that you no longer want Zynga to use your User Content, with the following exceptions

User Content submitted in response to Zynga promotions (which will be subject to the terms of the promotion);

User Content either shared with others which they have not deleted or already used publicly as allowed under these Terms; and

User Content subject to a separate license with Zynga (which will be subject to the terms of such license).

If you request deletion of your User Content we will take reasonable steps to remove your User Content from active use, which may include suppression of your User Content in our systems. However, User Content may persist in our systems, including back-up copies. We may also retain copies of User Content if we are legally required to do so.

When you post your observations and comments on the Service such as in forums, blogs and chat features, We cannot guarantee that other players will not use the ideas and information that you share. If you have an idea or information that you would like to keep confidential and/or don’t want others to use, don’t post it. ZYNGA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OTHER PERSON’S USE OR APPROPRIATION OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU POST IN ANY FORUMS, BLOGS AND CHAT ROOMS.

7. MONITORING USE OF SERVICE AND USER CONTENT

We have no obligation to monitor User Content and We are not responsible for monitoring the Service for inappropriate or illegal User Content or conduct by other players. That said, We have the right, in our sole discretion, to edit, refuse to post, or remove any User Content.

We may also, at our discretion, choose to monitor and/or record your interaction with the Service or your communications with Zynga or other players (including without limitation chat text and voice communications) when you are using the Service.

We are not responsible for information, materials, products or services provided by other players (for instance, in their profiles). However, if someone is violating these Terms or misusing the Service, please let Us know by using a "Report Abuse" link provided in the Service or contact Us at Customer Support, or for Black Diamond Slots, email support@risingtidegames.com, or, if your report relates to NaturalMotion games, you may also contact Us through the “Support” link on that game’s page found on NaturalMotion’s website.

8. YOUR DEALINGS WITH OTHER PLAYERS

You are responsible for your interactions with other players. If you have a problem with another player, We are not required to get involved, but We can if We desire.

If you have a dispute with another player, you release Zynga and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees, and all Zynga Affiliates from responsibility, claims, demands and/or damages (actual or consequential) of every kind and nature, whether known or unknown, resulting from that dispute or connected to that dispute. This includes damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use or data.

If you live in California, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."

9. PAYMENT TERMS

We provide a service in the form of access to games and Virtual Items. In the Service you may use "real world" money to obtain a limited license to use Virtual Items and/or other goods or services.

How it Works:

You get a limited license to Virtual Items by visiting the purchase page in one of our games and providing billing authorization through the platform on which You are playing (e.g., Facebook, Apple iOS, Android).

On Zynga.com, the payment page will let you know what you can use to pay when you make your purchase. We may change what you can use to pay from time to time, at Our sole discretion. Virtual Items purchased in Our games on other platforms such as Facebook, Apple iOS, or Android will be subject to those platforms’ payment terms and conditions. Zynga does not control how you can pay or how any refunds may be issued on those platforms. Please review those platforms’ terms of service for additional information.

When you get a limited license to use Virtual Items from our Services on Zynga.com, We may send you a confirmation email or text that will have details of the items you have ordered. Please check that the details in the confirmation message are correct as soon as possible and keep a copy of it for your records. Zynga keeps records of transactions in order to deal with any future questions about that transaction.

For Virtual Items, your order will represent an offer to Us to obtain a limited license for the relevant service(s) or virtual in-game item(s) which will be accepted by Us when We make the Virtual Items available in your account for you to use in our games or debit the account through which you paid, whichever comes first. Your limited license to Virtual Items for use in Zynga games is a service provided by Zynga that starts when We accept your payment or redemption of third party virtual currency.

For orders to obtain a limited license to use Virtual Items, by clicking the button on the purchase window or page you:

agree that We may start to supply your purchased Virtual Items immediately after you have clicked that button; and
if you reside in the European Union, you acknowledge that you will therefore no longer have the right to cancel under the EU's Consumer Rights Directive (as implemented by the law of the country where you are located) once we start to supply the Virtual Item.
You understand that while you may “earn” "buy" or "purchase" Virtual Items in our Services, You do not legally "own" the Virtual Items and the amounts of any Virtual Item do not refer to any credit balance of real currency or its equivalent. Any "virtual currency" balance shown in your Account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of your limited license.

ALL SALES ARE FINAL:

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ZYNGA IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY, OR WHETHER YOU MADE A PAYMENT THROUGH ZYNGA.COM OR ANOTHER PLATFORM SUCH AS APPLE, GOOGLE, FACEBOOK, OR ANY OTHER SITES OR PLATFORMS WHERE WE OFFER OUR SERVICES.

PURCHASES OR REDEMPTIONS OF THIRD PARTY VIRTUAL CURRENCY TO ACQUIRE A LICENSE TO USE VIRTUAL ITEMS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW.

If you purchase third party currency or choose to make a payment in our Services through a third party (like Facebook, Apple, or Google), you are agreeing to the third party’s payment terms, and Zynga is not a party to the transaction.

Additional Payment Terms:

You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an Account registered to you. Zynga may revise the pricing for the goods and services it licenses to you through the Service at any time.

Subscriptions are also subject to additional terms, which can be found at Subscription Terms.

Billing Support:

For billing support, call our billing support team at 1-800-762-2530 (North America) or your country code + 80011551398 (all other countries). (Please note that telephone support for billing-related issues and questions is available in English only.) These telephone numbers are for billing related issues and questions ONLY. The person that answers the telephone at these billing support telephone numbers will NOT be able to help you with technical issues, game play, or in-game purchasing questions. They really are just there to help with billing questions.

For non-billing customer assistance, please go to https://zyngasupport.helpshift.com/, or for Black Diamond Slots, email support@risingtidegames.com, or for NaturalMotion games you may also obtain customer assistance by clicking on the “Support” link on that game’s page found on NaturalMotion’s website.

10. PROMOTIONS AND OFFERS

From time to time, We may offer limited time promotions.  Please review the official rules (if any) associated with the promotion. They will apply in addition to these Terms.

In addition, from time to time, We may promote Offers.  We are not required to give, and players are not required to accept, any Offer. Offers are not transferable, redeemable or exchangeable for other things of value, except at our sole discretion.  If you accept any Offer, you may have to sign a declaration of eligibility and liability release, or sign other paperwork in order to get the Offer.  Some Offers will be subject to taxes and other charges, travel, or activities outside of the virtual world, all of which will be disclosed before You accept the offer.  If you accept an Offer you also assume all liability associated with the Offer.

THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING

Our Service and our games may feature advertisements from Us or other companies.  Our Privacy Policy explains what information We share with advertisers. Please read it.

Sometimes We provide links in Our games or on the Service to other companies’ websites or to companies who invite you to participate in a promotional offer and offer you some feature of the Service or upgrade (such as in-game currency) in exchange. Any charges or obligations you take on in dealing with these other companies are your responsibility.

We make no representation or promises about any content, goods or services these other companies provide, even if linked to or from Our Service or games. Also, just because We allow a link to be included in Our games or Service does not mean We endorse that linked site. We are not liable for any claim relating to any content, goods and/or services of third parties.

Please also note that the linked sites are not under our control and may collect data or ask you to provide them with your personal or other information, or they may automatically collect information from you. When you use other companies’ services like these, the other company’s service may (or may not) ask you for permission to access your information and content. We are not responsible for these other companies’ content, business practices or privacy policies, or for how they collect, use or share the information they get from you.

12. COPYRIGHT NOTICES/COMPLAINTS

We respect the intellectual property rights of others and ask that you should, too. We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and similar or equivalent local laws that may apply. For more information, please go to Zynga's Copyright Page to review our DMCA Notification Guidelines. We reserve the right to terminate any player's access to the Service if We determine that the player is a "repeat infringer." We do not have to notify the player before We do this. We also accommodate and do not interfere with standard technical measures copyright owners use to protect their materials.

13. FEEDBACK AND Unsolicited Ideas

Sometimes, We may request your feedback on certain features through a promotion or our customer insights program. Any feedback you provide at Our request through a promotion or program is subject to the rules of the specific promotion or program.

Any idea, information or feedback you submit to us without Our specific request is subject to Our Unsolicited Ideas Policy.

14. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER; SERVICES AVAILABLE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS

Neither Zynga nor any Zynga Affiliate makes any promise or guarantee that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free.

USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IT IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ZYNGA AND ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES. ZYNGA AND ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR OTHER TERMS OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

If your state or country does not allow these disclaimers, they do not apply to you. If your state or country requires a certain period for which a warranty applies, it will be either the shorter of 30 days from your first use of the Service or the shortest period required by law.

15. LIMITATIONS; WAIVERS OF LIABILITY

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ZYNGA AND THE ZYNGA AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE (1) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL OR DATA, IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE; OR (2) FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICE AND OPERATORS OF EXTERNAL SITES.

THE RISK OF USING THE SERVICE AND EXTERNAL SITES RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU AS DOES THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE SERVICE AND EXTERNAL SITES.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY ANY LAW THAT APPLIES, THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY IN THESE TERMS APPLY TO ALL DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY THE SERVICE, OR RELATED TO USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE, UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION IN ANY JURISDICTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTIONS FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE).

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF ZYNGA AND/OR THE ZYNGA AFFILIATES IS LIMITED TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID ZYNGA AND/OR THE ZYNGA AFFILIATE IN THE ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS (180) DAYS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM.

IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID ZYNGA OR ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE ANY AMOUNT IN THE ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS (180) DAYS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH ZYNGA AND/OR ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT.

Some states or countries do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitations/exclusions of liability described above. So these limitations/exclusions may not apply to you if you reside in one of those states or countries.

16. INDEMNITY

If you use or misuse the Service, or if you violate these Terms or any other applicable rules, including the Community Rules or Feature Terms, and that results in loss or damage or in a claim or liability against Zynga or any Zynga Affiliate, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Zynga and/or the Zynga Affiliate (which means you agree to compensate Zynga and/or the Zynga Affiliate on a "dollar for dollar" basis) for that loss, damage, claim or liability, including compensating Zynga and/or the applicable Zynga Affiliate for our legal fees or expenses. If Zynga or the Zynga Affiliate wants to, they are allowed to take exclusive charge of the defense of any case on which you are required to compensate or reimburse them, and it will be at your expense. You also have to cooperate in Zynga’s and/or the Zynga Affiliate’s defense of these cases. Zynga and/or the Zynga Affiliate will use reasonable efforts to let you know if they learn of any claim on which you have to compensate or reimburse them. This will apply even if you stop using the Services or your account is deleted.

17. AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER

THIS SECTION ONLY APPLIES TO PLAYERS IN THE US AND CANADA.

If you are having a problem with the Service, many issues can be resolved on one of our forums. For issues relating to certain NaturalMotion games, you may find resolution by clicking on the “Support” link on that game’s page on NaturalMotion’s website.

Before bringing a formal legal case, first contact our Customer Support team at https://zyngasupport.helpshift.com, or for Black Diamond Slots, email support@risingtidegames.com, or for Natural Motion games email contact@naturalmotion.com to address your issue Most disputes can be resolved that way.

We Both Agree to Arbitrate

If we can’t resolve our dispute through Customer Service, you and Zynga or any member of the Zynga Corporate Family all agree to resolve any claims relating to the Terms, the Privacy Policy, Feature Terms or Zynga’s Services through final and binding arbitration. This applies to all kinds of claims under any legal theory, unless the claim fits in one of the exceptions in the Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate sub-section. It also applies even after you stopped using your Zynga account or deleted it.

An arbitration proceeding is before a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge and jury, so we are all giving up our right to a trial before a judge and jury. Arbitrations have different rules than lawsuits in court. They are less formal than lawsuits in courts, and provide limited opportunity to force the other side to share information relevant to the dispute—a process called discovery. The arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual. But, if any of us does not like the arbitrator’s decision, the courts only have a limited ability to change the outcome of arbitration or make the arbitrator reconsider his or her decision.

If we have a dispute about whether this agreement to arbitrate can be enforced or applies to our dispute, we all agree that the arbitrator will decide that, too.

In addition, if you, Zynga or a Zynga Corporate Family member brings a claim in court that should be arbitrated or any of us refuses to arbitrate a claim that should be arbitrated, the other of us can ask a court to force us to go to arbitration to resolve the claim (i.e., compel arbitration). You, Zynga or the Zynga Corporate Family member may also ask a court to halt a court proceeding while an arbitration proceeding is ongoing.

The Arbitration Process

The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will run the arbitration between you and Zynga or the Zynga Corporate Family member, and AAA’s then-current rules and procedures (including their Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes) will be used. If something in these Terms is different than AAA’s rules and procedures, then we will follow these Terms instead. You can look at AAA’s rules and procedures on their website www.adr.org or you can call them at 1-800-778-7879.

To start an arbitration proceeding, use the form on AAA’s website (www.adr.org) or call them at 1-800-778-7879.

Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate

We all agree that we will go to court to resolve disputes relating to

Your, Zynga’s, or a Zynga Corporate Family member’s intellectual property (for example, trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights or patents); or

your violation of the Community Rules.

For more information about which court we can go to for resolving these types of disputes, see Section 19 (Venue for Legal Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration).

No Class Actions

We all agree that we can only bring a claim against each other on an individual basis.

That means:

Neither you nor Zynga nor any member of the Zynga Corporate Family can bring a claim as a plaintiff or class member in a class action, consolidated action or representative action.
The arbitrator cannot combine more than one person’s claim into a single case, and cannot preside over any consolidated, class or representative arbitration proceeding (unless we both agree to change this).
The arbitrator’s decision or award in one person’s case can only impact the person who brought the claim, not other Zynga players, and cannot be used to decide other disputes with other players.
If a court decides that this subsection on “No Class Actions” is not enforceable or valid, then the entire Section 17 (Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver) will be null and void (i.e., go away). But, the rest of the Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, and Privacy Policy will still apply.

Changes to Section 17 on Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver

We will give you 60-days’ notice by email or through the Service if We change Section 17 on our Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver.

18. APPLICABLE LAW

The Federal Arbitration Act (including its procedural provisions) is the law that will be applied to determine whether Section 17 (Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver) can be enforced and how it should be interpreted.

Apart from that, if you are United States resident, these Terms and our relationship will be governed by California law, except for its conflicts of laws principles.

If you reside outside the United States these Terms and our relationship will be governed by Irish law, except for its conflicts of laws principles.

19. VENUE FOR LEGAL DISPUTES NOT SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION

If you are a United States resident, judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions) that are excluded from the Arbitration Agreement in Section 17 must be brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both agree to some other location You and Zynga both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.

If you reside outside the United States, judicial proceedings must be brought in the courts of Ireland, unless we both agree to some other location, and you and Zynga both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in Ireland.

20. SEVERABILITY

Except as described in Section 17 under the “No Class Actions” heading, if any part of these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules or the Privacy Policy is not enforceable, the rest of these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules and the Privacy Policy still applies and is binding and any unenforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible.

21. ASSIGNMENT

We may give our rights, or Our obligations, under these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, or our Privacy Policy to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not give your rights or your obligations under these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, or our Privacy Policy without first getting Zynga’s written consent, and any attempt to do so without our consent is void.

22. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

These Terms, and any other policies or rules We reference in these Terms, make up the entire agreement between you and Us relating to the subject matter of these Terms, and supersede all prior understandings of the parties relating to the subject matter of these Terms, whether those prior understandings were electronic, oral or written, or whether established by custom, practice, policy or precedent, between you and Us.

23. LANGUAGE OF THE TERMS

If We provide a translated version of these Terms, Feature Terms, the Community Rules, the Zynga Privacy Policy, or any other terms or policy, it is for informational purposes only. If the translated version means something different than the English version, then the English meaning will be the one that applies.

24. NO WAIVER

If We do not enforce a provision of these Terms, Feature Terms, the Community Rules, or our Privacy Policy, that does not waive our right to do so later. And, if We do expressly waive a provision of these Terms, Feature Terms, the Community Rules, or our Privacy Policy that does not mean it is waived for all time in the future. Any waiver must be in writing and signed by both you and Us to be legally binding.

25. NOTICES

We may notify you by posting something on www.zynga.com, or in the Zynga game(s) you play, and sending you an e-mail or using other ways of communicating with you based on the contact information you provide to Us.

If you are a player in the United States, and you have to give Us notice of something according to the Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, or our Privacy Policy, the notice must be in writing and addressed to Zynga Inc., Attn: LEGAL DEPARTMENT, 699 8th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, unless we have provided a more specific method way of notifying us.

If you are a player outside of the United States, and you have to give Us notice of something according to the Terms, Feature Terms or the Zynga Privacy Policy, the notice must be in writing and addressed to: Zynga Game Ireland Limited located at 25-28 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland, unless we have provided a more specific method way of notifying us.

Any attempted notice that does not follow these rules has no legal effect.

26. EQUITABLE REMEDIES

You agree that given the unique and irreplaceable nature of the rights granted and obligations made under these Terms and the Community Rules, if you breach these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules and/or our Privacy Policy, or intend to breach these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules or Privacy Policy, money damages alone will not be enough to repair the harm to Zynga. Therefore, for disputes that are not required to be resolved through arbitration as described in Section 17, Zynga may seek injunctive or other equitable relief (e.g., get a court order to make you stop doing whatever you’re doing that is causing harm) if you breach or intend to breach these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules or our Privacy Policy and Zynga does not have to post any bond or surety or submit proof of damages.

You agree to limit your claims to claims for money damages, as limited by Section 15 (Limitations; Waivers of Liability). And, you agree not to seek injunctive or equitable relief or otherwise seek to stop Us from operating any aspect of the Service or any Zynga Game.

27. FORCE MAJEURE

We are not liable for any changes or problems out of our control, for example changes or problems caused by like natural disasters, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, network infrastructure failures, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.

Introduction
This User Agreement, the User Privacy Notice, the Mobile Devices Terms, and all policies posted on our sites set out the terms on which eBay offers you access to and use of our sites, services, applications and tools (collectively "Services"). You can find an overview of our policies here. All policies, the Mobile Devices Terms, and the User Privacy Notice are incorporated into this User Agreement. You agree to comply with all of the above when accessing or using our Services.
The entity you are contracting with is eBay Inc., 2025 Hamilton Ave., San Jose, CA 95125 if you reside in the United States. It is eBay Europe S.à r.l., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg if you reside in the European Union; and , except as provided below, eBay International AG, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005, Bern, Switzerland if you reside in any other country. Starting on July 1, 2017, the entity you are contracting with is eBay Canada Limited, 500 King Street West, Suite 200, Toronto, ON M5V 1L9, Canada, if you reside in Canada. Starting on August 1, 2017, it is eBay (UK) Limited, 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW, United Kingdom, if you reside in the United Kingdom. If you reside in India, prior to August 1, 2017, the entity you are contracting with is eBay India Private Limited, 14th Floor, North Block, R-Tech Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400063, Maharashtra; thereafter, the entity is eBay International AG, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005, Bern, Switzerland.
In this User Agreement, these entities are individually and collectively referred to as "eBay," "we," or "us."
Please be advised that this User Agreement contains provisions that govern how claims you and we have against each other are resolved (see Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability and Legal Disputes provisions below). It also contains an Agreement to Arbitrate, which will, with limited exception, require you to submit claims you have against us or our agents to binding and final arbitration, unless you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate (see Legal Disputes, Section B ("Agreement to Arbitrate")). Unless you opt out: (1) you will only be permitted to pursue claims against us or our agents on an individual basis, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative action or proceeding and (2) you will only be permitted to seek relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual basis.
About eBay
eBay is a marketplace that allows users to offer, sell and buy just about anything in a variety of pricing formats and locations. The actual contract for sale is directly between the seller and buyer. eBay is not a traditional auctioneer.  
While we may provide pricing, shipping, listing, sourcing, and other guidance in our Services, such guidance is solely informational and you may decide to follow it or not. Also, while we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes through various programs, eBay has no control over and does not guarantee the existence, quality, safety or legality of items advertised; the truth or accuracy of users' content or listings; the ability of sellers to sell items; the ability of buyers to pay for items; or that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction or return an item.
Using eBay
In connection with using or accessing the Services you will not:
•	post, list or upload content or items in inappropriate categories or areas on our sites;
•	breach or circumvent any laws, third-party rights or our systems, policies, or determinations of your account status;
•	use our Services if you are not able to form legally binding contracts (for example, if you are under 18 years old), or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our sites, services, applications or tools; 
•	fail to pay for items purchased by you, unless you have a valid reason as set out in an eBay policy, for example, the seller has materially changed the item's description after you bid, a clear typographical error is made, or you cannot contact the seller (see our Unpaid item policy);
•	fail to deliver items sold by you, unless you have a valid reason as set out in an eBay policy, for example, the buyer fails to comply with the posted terms in your listing or you cannot contact the buyer;
•	manipulate the price of any item or interfere with any other user's listings;
•	post false, inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, defamatory, or libelous content;
•	take any action that may undermine the feedback or ratings systems (see about our Feedback policies);
•	transfer your eBay account (including Feedback) and user ID to another party without our consent;
•	distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes; 
•	distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm eBay or the interests or property of users;
•	use any robot, spider, scraper, data mining tools, data gathering and extraction tools, or other automated means to access our Services for any purpose, except with the prior express permission of eBay; 
•	interfere with the working of our Services, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; 
•	export or re-export any eBay application or tool, except in compliance with the export control laws of any relevant jurisdictions and in accordance with posted rules and restrictions;
•	infringe the copyright, trademark, patent, publicity, moral, database, and/or other intellectual property rights (collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights") that belong to or are licensed to eBay. Some, but not all, actions that may constitute infringement are reproducing, performing, displaying, distributing, copying, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, or preparing derivative works from content that belongs to eBay or someone else;
•	infringe any Intellectual Property Rights that belong to third parties affected by your use of the Services or post content that does not belongs to you;
•	commercialize any eBay application or any information or software associated with such application, except with the prior express permission of eBay; 
•	harvest or otherwise collect information about users without their consent; or
•	circumvent any technical measures we use to provide the Services.
Sellers must meet eBay's minimum performance standards. Failure to meet these standards may result in eBay charging you additional fees, and/or limiting, restricting, suspending, or downgrading your seller account.
 If we believe you are abusing eBay in any way, we may, in our sole discretion and without limiting other remedies, limit, suspend, or terminate your user account(s) and access to our Services, delay or remove hosted content, remove any special status associated with your account(s), remove, not display, and/or demote listings, reduce or eliminate any discounts, and take technical and/or legal steps to prevent you from using our Services. 
If we believe you are violating the policy on Offers to buy or sell outside of eBay, you may be subject to a range of actions, including limits on your buying and selling privileges, restrictions on listings and account features, suspension of your account, application of fees, and recovery of expenses for policy monitoring and enforcement. If you are a seller, you are liable for transaction fees arising out of all sales made using some or all eBay Services, even if sales terms are finalized or payment is made outside of eBay.
We may cancel unconfirmed accounts or accounts that have been inactive for a long time or modify or discontinue our Services.  Additionally, we reserve the right to refuse or terminate all or part of our Services to anyone for any reason at our discretion.
Policy Enforcement
When a buyer or seller issue arises, we may consider the user's performance history and the specific circumstances in applying our policies. We may choose to be more lenient with policy enforcement in an effort to do the right thing for both buyers and sellers.
Fees
The fees we charge for using our Services are listed on our Standard Selling Fees page. We may change our seller fees from time to time by posting the changes on the eBay site 14 days in advance, but with no advance notice required for temporary promotions or any changes that result in the reduction of fees.
You must have a payment method on file when selling on eBay and pay all fees and applicable taxes associated with our Services by the payment due date. If your payment method fails or your account is past due, we may collect fees owed by charging other payment methods on file with us, retain collection agencies and legal counsel, and, for accounts over 180 days past due, request that PayPal deduct the amount owed from your PayPal account balance. In addition, you will be subject to late fees. eBay, or the collection agencies we retain, may also report information about your account to credit bureaus, and as a result, late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report. If you wish to dispute the information eBay reported to a credit bureau (i.e., Experian, Equifax or TransUnion) please contact us at eBay Inc., C/O Global Collections, 7700 West Parmer Lane, Building D, Austin, TX 78729. If you wish to dispute the information a collection agency reported to a credit bureau regarding your eBay account, you must contact the collection agency directly.
Listing Conditions
When listing an item, you agree to comply with eBay's rules for listing and Selling Practices policy and that:
•	You are responsible for the accuracy and content of the listing and item offered.
•	Your listing may not be immediately searchable by keyword or category for several hours (or up to 24 hours in some circumstances). eBay can't guarantee exact listing durations.
•	When you use the consumer seller listing tool to create listings, your fixed-price listings may renew automatically every 30 days, based on the listing terms at that time, until the quantities sell out or until you cancel the listing.
•	Content that violates any of eBay's policies may be deleted at eBay's discretion.
•	We may revise data in the eBay product catalog to supplement, remove, or correct information; if your listing uses catalog data that has been revised, those revisions may modify your listing accordingly.
•	We strive to create a marketplace where buyers find what they are looking for. Therefore, the appearance or placement of listings in search and browse results will depend on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
•	buyer's location, search query, browsing site, and history;
•	item's location, listing format, price and shipping cost, terms of service, end time, history, and relevance to the user query; 
•	seller's history, including listing practices, Detailed Seller Ratings, eBay policy compliance, Feedback, and defect rate; and
•	number of listings matching the buyer's query.  
•	To drive a positive user experience, a listing may not appear in some search and browse results regardless of the sort order chosen by the buyer.
•	Some advanced listing upgrades will only be visible on certain Services.
•	eBay's Duplicate Listing Policy may also affect whether your listing appears in search results.
•	Metatags and URL links that are included in a listing may be removed or altered so as to not affect third-party search engine results.
•	We may provide you with optional recommendations to consider when creating your listings. Such recommendations may be based on the aggregated sales and performance history of similar sold and current listings; results will vary for individual listings. To drive the recommendations experience, you agree that we may display the sales and performance history of your individual listings to other sellers.
Purchase Conditions
When buying an item, you agree to the rules for buyers and that:
•	You are responsible for reading the full item listing before making a bid or commitment to buy. 
•	You enter into a legally binding contract to purchase an item when you commit to buy an item, your offer for an item is accepted, or if you have the winning bid (or your bid is otherwise accepted). 
•	For motor vehicles and real estate, a bid or offer initiates a non-binding transaction representing a buyer's serious expression of interest in buying the seller's item and does not create a formal contract between the buyer and the seller.
•	We do not transfer legal ownership of items from the seller to the buyer. 
•	Utah Code Annotated § 70A-2-401(2) and Uniform Commercial Code § 2-401(2) apply to the transfer of ownership between the buyer and the seller, unless the buyer and the seller agree otherwise.
International Buying and Selling; Translation
Many of our Services are accessible to international sellers and buyers. We may offer certain programs, tools, and site experiences of particular interest to international sellers and buyers, such as estimated local currency conversion and international shipping calculation tools. Sellers and buyers are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations applicable to the international sale, purchase, and shipment of items. If you purchase an item on an eBay site other than eBay.com, you are subject to the User Agreement of that other eBay site with respect to that particular purchase.
You may list your items directly on one or more of eBay's international sites. Additionally, you may direct us to display your listing on eBay sites other than the original eBay listing site, including where you choose to list an item with an international shipping option (such as worldwide shipping or the Global Shipping Program); the appearance of your listings on these sites is not guaranteed. When you sell your items internationally, you agree to be subject to that other site's User Agreement, policies, and the eBay International Selling Policy. You may restrict international buyers from purchasing your items if you explicitly exclude international shipping from your listings and apply an exclusion list to your listings. 
You authorize us to use automated tools to translate your eBay content and member-to-member communications, in whole or in part, into local languages where such translation solutions are available. We may provide you with tools which will enable you to translate content at your request. The accuracy and availability of any translation are not guaranteed.
Content
When providing content using the Services (directly or indirectly), you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise any and all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined above) you have in that content in connection with our provision, expansion, and promotion of the Services, in any media known now or developed in the future. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you waive your right to enforce against eBay, our assignees, our sublicensees, and their assignees your Intellectual Property Rights in that content in connection with our, those assignees', and those sublicensees' use of that content.
You represent and warrant that, for all such content you provide, you own or otherwise control all necessary rights to do so and to meet your obligations under this Agreement. You represent and warrant that such content is accurate. You represent and warrant that use of any such content (including derivative works) by us, our users, or others in contract with us, and in compliance with this Agreement, does not and will not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party. eBay takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content provided by you or any third party.
We may offer catalogs including, for example, product images, descriptions and specifications that are provided by third parties (including eBay users). You may use catalog content solely in your eBay listings. The permission to use catalog content is subject to modification or revocation at any time at eBay's sole discretion.
While we try to offer reliable data, we cannot promise that the catalogs or other content provided through the Services will always be available, accurate, complete, and up-to-date. As a buyer, you agree that eBay is not responsible for examining or warranting the listings or content provided by third parties through the Services, and that you will not attempt to hold us liable for any inaccuracies. As a seller, it is your responsibility to review the content of your listings for accuracy and that you will not attempt to hold our catalog providers or us responsible for inaccuracies. The catalog may include copyrighted, trademarked or other proprietary materials. You agree not to remove any copyright, proprietary, or identification markings included within the catalogs and not to  create any derivative works based on catalog content (other than by including them in your listings).
The name "eBay" and other eBay marks, logos, designs, and phrases that we use in connection with our Services are trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of eBay in the U.S. and other countries. They may not be used without the express written prior permission of eBay. A non-exhaustive list of our trademarks and the policy governing their use is available here.
Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512(c) of Title 17 of the United States Code
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement under the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act. eBay's Verified Rights Owner (VeRO) program works to ensure that listed items and content on our site or in our apps do not infringe upon the copyright, trademark, or certain other intellectual property rights of third parties. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed, please notify our VeRO team and we will investigate. Learn how to submit a notice to eBay.
Holds
To protect eBay from risk of liability for your actions as a seller, eBay has at times recommended, and may continue to recommend, that PayPal restrict access to funds in a seller's PayPal account based on certain factors, including, but not limited to, selling history, seller performance, returns, riskiness of the listing category, transaction value, or the filing of an eBay Money Back Guarantee case. This may result in PayPal restricting funds in your PayPal account.
Authorization to Contact You; Recording Calls; Analyzing Message Content
eBay may contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages, at any telephone number that you have provided us, to: (i) notify you regarding your account; (ii) troubleshoot problems with your account; (iii) resolve a dispute; (iv) collect a debt; (v) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires; or (vi) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you. eBay may also contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages for marketing purposes (e.g., offers and promotions), if you consent to such communications. As described in our User Privacy Notice, eBay may collect other telephone numbers for you and may place manual non-marketing calls to any of those numbers and autodialed non-marketing calls to any landline. Standard telephone minute and text charges may apply and may include overage fees if you have exceeded your plan limits. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may change your communications preference at any time, including through the communication preferences section of your My eBay.  
eBay may share your telephone number with its authorized service providers as stated in our User Privacy Notice. These service providers may contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages, only as authorized by eBay to carry out the purposes we have identified above.
eBay may, without further notice or warning and in its discretion, monitor or record telephone conversations you or anyone acting on your behalf has with eBay or its agents for quality control and training purposes, or for its own protection. 
eBay’s automated systems scan and analyze the contents of every message sent through its messages platform, including messages between users, to detect and prevent fraudulent activity or violations of eBay’s User Agreement, including the incorporated terms, notices, rules, and policies. This scanning and analysis may occur before, during, or after the message is sent, or while in storage, and may result in your message being delayed or withheld. eBay may store message contents, including to conduct this scanning and analysis.
Privacy of Others; Marketing
If eBay provides you with information about another user, you agree you will use the information only for the purposes that it is provided to you. You may not disclose, sell, rent, or distribute a user's information to a third party for purposes unrelated to the Services. Additionally, you may not use information for marketing purposes, via electronic or other means, unless you obtain the consent of the specific user to do so.
Additional Terms
•	Returns and Cancellations
Sellers can create rules to automate replacements, returns, and refunds under certain circumstances. For all new sellers, in listings where returns are accepted, eBay will set a default rule that automates the return process. Sellers may remove or customize their return preferences in their account settings within My eBay. Where settings have been set to automatically accept requests for returns or replacements, an eBay-generated return shipping label will be provided to your buyer. You agree to comply with our returns policy.

When an item is returned, to refund the buyer, you (as seller) authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the refund amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account, place the amount on your invoice, and/or charge your payment method on file. 

The cost of return shipping for an item that is not as described is the seller's responsibility.  

You (as seller) authorize eBay to place the return shipping label cost on your invoice, subject to your automatic payment method on file when:
•	An eBay-generated return shipping label is used, and the seller is responsible for its cost;
•	Returns have been automated; 
•	You fail to send your buyer a return shipping label and, instead, an eBay-generated shipping label is used; and/or
•	A transaction is cancelled, to refund the buyer, you (as seller) authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the refund amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account. See our Cancellation Policy for more details.
•	Global Shipping Program
One of the ways that we may make eBay.com listings available to international buyers on eBay.com and on eBay's International Sites is through the Global Shipping Program. For eligible items located in the United States and purchased by an international buyer through the Global Shipping Program, you (as seller) will simply ship the item to a parcel processing facility located in the United States. Pitney Bowes Inc., a third-party global shipping provider, will oversee the processing, customs clearance, and international shipment of the item on behalf of your international buyer. To the extent a buyer has a question about your Global Shipping Program listings, eBay may respond directly to the buyer if the question pertains to the services overseen by Pitney Bowes Inc. (for example, customs or international shipping). You pay no additional fees for selling through the Global Shipping Program.

Pursuant to a routed export transaction under the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and Foreign Trade Regulations, your buyer, as the Foreign Principal Party in Interest, will agree to assume responsibility for the export shipment, with Pitney Bowes Inc. acting as your buyer's forwarding agent.  You remain liable for the accuracy of information you provide about items, and you agree to provide timely responses to requests for additional information.

You consent to the disclosure of certain personally identifiable information, as well as listing and order information, by eBay to Pitney Bowes Inc., and by Pitney Bowes Inc. to its affiliates, service providers, and other third parties (such as customs and revenue authorities, as well as other government agencies), in connection with the processing, export and customs clearance, and international transportation of any item.  eBay does not control the privacy policies of Pitney Bowes Inc., its affiliates, or its service providers, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those parties, as applicable.

You may prevent your listings from being made available to international buyers through the program by adjusting your account settings within My eBay.  Additional information about the program, including policies governing feedback, the handling of lost, damaged, and undeliverable items, returns, and the resolution of buyer protection claims for items that you sell through the program, can be found on the Global Shipping Program Seller Policies and Frequently Asked Questions page.

•	eBay Money Back Guarantee
Most eBay sales go smoothly, but if there's a problem with a purchase, the eBay Money Back Guarantee helps buyers and sellers communicate and resolve issues. You agree to comply with the policy and permit us to make a final decision on any eBay Money Back Guarantee case.

If you (as seller), choose to reimburse a buyer, or are required to reimburse a buyer or eBay under the eBay Money Back Guarantee, you authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the reimbursement amount (in same or other currency) from your PayPal account, place the amount on your invoice, and/or charge your payment method on file. If we cannot get reimbursement from you, we may collect the outstanding sums using other collection mechanisms, including retaining collection agencies.

We may suspend the eBay Money Back Guarantee in whole or in part without notice if we suspect abuse or interference with the proper working of the policy.
Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
We try to keep our Services safe, secure, and functioning properly, but we cannot guarantee the continuous operation of or access to our Services. Bid update and other notification functionality in eBay's applications may not occur in real time. Such functionality is subject to delays beyond eBay's control.
You agree that you are making use of our Services at your own risk, and that they are being provided to you on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Accordingly, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all express or implied warranties, terms and conditions including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
 In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we (including our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and our and their officers, directors, agents and employees) are not liable, and you agree not to hold us responsible, for any damages or losses (including, but not limited to, loss of money, goodwill or reputation, profits, other intangible losses, or any special, indirect, or consequential damages) resulting directly or indirectly from: the content you provide (directly or indirectly) using the Services; your use of or your inability to use our Services; pricing, shipping, format, or other guidance provided by eBay; delays or disruptions in our Services; viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing or linking to our Services; glitches, bugs, errors, or inaccuracies of any kind in our Services; damage to your hardware device from the use of any eBay Service; the content, actions, or inactions of third parties, including items listed using our Services or the destruction of allegedly fake items; a suspension or other action taken with respect to your account or breach of the Abusing eBay Section above; the duration or manner in which your listings appear in search results as set out in the Listing Conditions Section above; or your need to modify practices, content, or behavior, or your loss of or inability to do business, as a result of changes to this User Agreement or our policies.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or exclusion of damages, so such disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you. 
Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if we are found to be liable, our liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of (a) any amounts due under the eBay Money Back Guarantee up to the price the item sold for on eBay (including any applicable sales tax) and its original shipping costs, (b) the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees, which you paid to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to the liability, or (c) $100.
Release
If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. In entering into this release you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold us (including our affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as our and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this Agreement, your improper use of eBay's Services or your breach of any law or the rights of a third party.
Legal Disputes
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE A SUBSTANTIAL IMPACT ON HOW CLAIMS YOU AND EBAY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.
You and eBay agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen, or may arise, between you and eBay (including any claim or dispute between you and a third-party agent of eBay) that relates in any way to or arises out of this or previous versions of the eBay User Agreement, your use of or access to the Services, the actions of eBay or its agents, or any products or services sold or purchased through the Services, will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Legal Disputes Section.
A. Applicable Law
 You agree that, except to the extent inconsistent with or preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern the User Agreement and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eBay, except as otherwise stated in the User Agreement.
B. Agreement to Arbitrate
 You and eBay each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen, or may arise, between you and eBay (including any disputes or claims between you and a third-party agent of eBay) that relate in any way to or arise out of this or previous versions of the User Agreement, your use of or access to eBay's Services, the actions of eBay or its agents, or any products or services sold, offered, or purchased through eBay's Services shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court. Alternatively, you may assert your claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate.
1.	Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief
YOU AND EBAY AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, OR REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING. UNLESS BOTH YOU AND EBAY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER USERS. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph's limitations as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court, subject to your and eBay's right to appeal the court's decision. All other claims will be arbitrated. 
2.	Arbitration Procedures
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and court review of an arbitration award is very limited. However, an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual. An arbitrator should apply the terms of the User Agreement as a court would. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to arbitrability, the scope or enforceability of this Agreement to Arbitrate, or the interpretation of Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), shall be for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.

The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. The use of the word "arbitrator" in this provision shall not be construed to prohibit more than one arbitrator from presiding over an arbitration; rather, the AAA's rules will govern the number of arbitrators that may preside over an arbitration conducted under this Agreement to Arbitrate.

A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a completed form Notice of Dispute ("Notice"). You may download a form Notice here. The Notice to eBay should be sent to eBay Inc., Attn: Litigation Department, Re: Notice of Dispute, 583 W. eBay Way, Draper, UT 84020. eBay will send any Notice to you to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account; it is your responsibility to keep your physical address up to date. All information called for in the Notice must be provided, including a description of the nature and basis of the claims the party is asserting and the relief sought.

If you and eBay are unable to resolve the claims described in the Notice within 30 days after the Notice is sent, you or eBay may initiate arbitration proceedings. A form for initiating arbitration proceedings is available on the AAA's site at www.adr.org. In addition to filing this form with the AAA in accordance with its rules and procedures, the party initiating the arbitration must mail a copy of the completed form to the opposing party. You may send a copy to eBay at the following address: eBay, Inc. c/o CT Corporation System, 1108 E South Union Ave., Midvale, UT 84047. In the event eBay initiates an arbitration against you, it will send a copy of the completed form to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account. Any settlement offer made by you or eBay shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator.

The arbitration hearing shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, you or eBay may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on you and eBay subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant. In cases where an in-person hearing is held, you and/or eBay may attend by telephone, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise. 

The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same eBay user to the extent required by applicable law. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
3.	Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, at your request, eBay will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration. Any request for payment of fees by eBay should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand for Arbitration and eBay will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA. If (a) you willfully fail to comply with the Notice of Dispute requirement discussed above, or (b) in the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse eBay for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by eBay on your behalf that you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.
4.	Severability
With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), if an arbitrator or court decides that any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply. 
5.	Opt-Out Procedure
IF YOU ARE A NEW EBAY USER, YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ("OPT-OUT") BY MAILING US A WRITTEN OPT-OUT NOTICE ("OPT-OUT NOTICE"). THE OPT-OUT NOTICE MUST BE POSTMARKED NO LATER THAN 30 DAYS AFTER THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THE USER AGREEMENT FOR THE FIRST TIME. YOU MUST MAIL THE OPT-OUT NOTICE TO EBAY INC., ATTN: LITIGATION DEPARTMENT, RE: OPT-OUT NOTICE, 583 WEST EBAY WAY, DRAPER, UT 84020.

For your convenience, we are providing an Opt-Out Notice form you must complete and mail to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate. You must complete the Opt-Out Notice form by providing the information called for in the form, including your name, address (including street address, city, state and zip code), and the user ID(s) and email address(es) associated with the eBay account(s) to which the opt-out applies. You must sign the Opt-Out Notice for it to be effective. This procedure is the only way you can opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate. If you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate, all other parts of the Agreement and its Legal Disputes Section will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Agreement to Arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements that you may have with us.
6.	Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate
Notwithstanding any provision in the User Agreement to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any amendment to this Agreement to Arbitrate (other than an amendment to any notice address or site link provided herein) in the future, that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against eBay prior to the effective date of the amendment. The amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the Agreement to Arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you and eBay. We will notify you of amendments to this Agreement to Arbitrate by posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com at least 30 days before the effective date of the amendments and by providing notice through the eBay Message Center and/or by email. If you do not agree to these amended terms, you may close your account within the 30-day period and you will not be bound by the amended terms. 
C. Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes
 Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate or as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eBay must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Salt Lake County, Utah. You and eBay agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Salt Lake County, Utah for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
General
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, if any provision of this User Agreement is held to be invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. In our sole discretion, we may assign this User Agreement, and in such event, we will post notice on www.ebay.com. 
Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the scope or extent of such Section. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We do not guarantee we will take action against all breaches of this User Agreement.
We may amend this User Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com. Our right to amend the User Agreement includes the right to modify, add to, or remove terms in the User Agreement. We will provide you 30 days' notice by posting the amended terms. Additionally, we will notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or by email. Your continued access or use of our Services constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms. We may also ask you to acknowledge your acceptance of the User Agreement through an electronic click-through. This User Agreement may not otherwise be amended except through mutual agreement by you and an eBay representative who intends to amend this User Agreement and is duly authorized to agree to such an amendment.
The policies posted on our sites may be changed from time to time. Changes take effect when we post them on the eBay site.
If you create or use an account on behalf of a business entity, you represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of such business and bind the business to this User Agreement. Such account is owned and controlled by the business entity. No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this User Agreement.
The User Agreement, the User Privacy Notice, and all polices posted through our Services set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and eBay, and supersede all prior understandings and agreements of the parties.
The following Sections survive any termination of this User Agreement: Fees, Content, Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability; Release, Indemnity, Legal Disputes, and General.
If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Pursuant to 815 ILCS 414/1.5(c), for transactions involving tickets to events in Illinois, buyers and sellers may elect to submit complaints against one another to the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org.  Such complaints shall be decided by an independent arbitrator in accordance with this User Agreement.  Buyers and sellers further agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for complaints involving a ticketed event held in Illinois.


1. Use of the platform
1.1. This platform (“Platform”) is available to all users (“User” or “You”), subject to these general terms and conditions (“T&Cs”). When You make a booking on the Platform or use the Platform in any other way, You acknowledge that You have accepted these T&Cs.

1.2 This Platform is operated by Vacaciones eDreams, SL, duly incorporated in Spain and registered in the Trade Registry of Madrid with registered office address is at Calle Conde de Peñalver, 5, - 1º Ext. Izq., 28006, Madrid Spain and with Tax ID number Number B-61965778 (hereinafter referred as “eDreams”, “we”, “us” or “our”). eDreams is an IATA Accredited Agent. Notwithstanding the above, in some cases eDreams may use services provided by its related company Opodo Limited whose registered office address is at 26-28 Hammersmith Grove, London W6 7BA, United Kingdom; with VAT Number GB-766445988, who would act as the collection agent on behalf of eDreams.

Notwithstanding the above, if You are a consumer who pays the booking with a credit or debit card issued by a financial institution which is established in the US, the eDreams' subsidiary eDreams LLC will act as the collecting entity on behalf of eDreams and therefore it will be your agent in respect of your booking. eDreams LLC is a Delaware limited liability company, with business address at 3390 Mary Street Suite 116, Coconut Grove, Florida 33133, USA; it is registered as Seller of Travel in the following states: California CST2121263-50; Florida: ST38821; Iowa: 1293; Washington UBI: 603615148. *Registration as a seller of travel does not constitute approval by the state of California. California law requires certain sellers of travel to have a trust account or bond. eDreams LLC has a surety bond issued by the prosur group in the amount of $25,000. eDreams LLC is not a participant in the Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF).

1.3. The User acknowledges to be of legal age, having the necessary legal capacity to decide and bind himself through an agreement and using the Platform in accordance with these T&Cs, which are understood and acknowledged in full. The User shall be responsible for safeguarding any passwords provided by eDreams in order to enter the Platform, and guarantees that no unauthorized third parties shall gain access to them. The User declares that all information provided by them in order to enter the Platform, before and during use, is true, complete and accurate and warrants keeping this information updated.

1.4. This Platform is solely and exclusively for the User’s personal use. It is prohibited to modify, reproduce, duplicate, copy, distribute, sell, resell, or exploit it in any way for commercial ends or equivalent purposes.

1.5. The User agrees to not use this Platform for illegal or improper purposes. In particular, the User accepts that the services purchased through this Platform are for their own use or consumption, or for the use and consumption of the persons in whose name they are legally authorized to act. The User may not resell the services purchased through this Platform to third parties. eDreams reserves the right to deny access to the Platform at any moment with no prior notice.

2. How the platform works
2.1. Through this Platform, eDreams offers search and comparison services of travel services which are offered by Travel Suppliers, as well as mediation services which enable the Users to actually purchase travel services in accordance with their preferences and choices. A purchase on this Platform means that You make an order to eDreams to acquire services from third parties for You, which implies a payment obligation. When You purchase travel services through this Platform, You will enter into two agreements: (a) one agreement between You and the Travel Supplier(s) relating to the provision of the travel service(s) required and (b) one agreement between You and eDreams relating to the provision of a mediation service. Unless expressly indicated, eDreams acts as an Agent for You and does not enter into any contractual relationship with You and/or the Travel Supplier relating to the services that You purchase on this Platform.

2.2. The term “Travel Supplier” includes, as appropriate, airlines, flight consolidators, tour operators, holiday package suppliers, hotels, hotel chains and hotel aggregators, insurance providers, car rental suppliers, car rental aggregators and cruise lines.

2.3. eDreams will assist You to purchase travel services, providing to You with mediation services and therefore acting on Your behalf with the Travel Supplier(s). It is important to note that Your travel service(s) will be subject to the terms and conditions of each Travel Supplier. We encourage You to check and read carefully the terms and conditions from each Travel Supplier before purchasing its products or services, especially those relating to cancellation fees. eDreams has collected the terms and conditions of the most frequent Travel Suppliers for You. Please check here. If Your Travel Supplier is not there, please visit its website to check its terms and conditions.

2.4. By using this Platform to purchase Travel Services, You authorize eDreams to act as Your agent during the purchasing process with the corresponding Travel Supplier(s), as well as for the payment of the products or services on Your behalf, to the extent as necessary, in order to ensure that the transaction between You and Your Travel Supplier(s) is performed correctly. For the provision of mediation services, eDreams will charge You a service fee the amount of which will depend on the travel service(s) purchased. In any event, eDreams will provide You with all necessary information, including total price of Your purchase before You will be bound by any agreement and/or any payment obligation.

2.5. Additionally to the above, the Platform may contain links or redirections to third parties’ websites where relating products and/or services are offered: booking of hotel rooms, leasing of touristic apartments, rental of cars, pre-arranged travel packages, cruises, bus tickets, forfeits to sky, etc. These links or redirections may address to a totally independent website or to a micro website technologically managed by eDreams, depending of the current commercial partnerships at each moment. In both circumstances, if You purchase some product or service there, You will be bound by a direct agreement with the Travel Supplier, without mediation by eDreams. As a consequence, You will have to accept and apply the terms and conditions imposed by such Travel Supplier.

2.6. The total price of your order with the appropriate breakdown will be displayed once the search process, price comparison and selection have been completed and, in any case, before You finalise the booking by clicking on “ACCEPT AND PURCHASE”. Prices are displayed based on the daily calculated rates offered by Travel Suppliers and can therefore vary on a daily basis. Likewise, applicable taxes, such as airport taxes may fluctuate on a daily basis.

2.7. When You have completed Your purchase order by clicking “ACCEPT AND PURCHASE”, You will receive an order confirmation email, containing the summary of all details of Your order, as a confirmation that Your order has entered correctly in the systems of your Travel Supplier(s) and that Your payment will be processed. Our obligation to process Your purchase order is subject to having received Your payment in full. You will receive a second email, confirming that your purchase of the travel service has been properly processed and that Your payment has been received in full and will contain the e-ticket number. In the event that, for any reason beyond the influence of eDreams, Your order, partially or in full, cannot actually be processed, we will immediately contact You. Note that if you ordered a low cost flight, you will only receive one email containing both the order confirmation and the e-ticket number. In any case, please do not go to the airport if you have not received the e-ticket number for all the flights you have ordered.

2.8. We reserve the right to cancel Your order in the event that we can reasonably believe it is fraudulent – i.e., the payment method is not legally valid and/or you are not the legal owner of such payment method, among others. Under these circumstances, we will attempt to contact You, using the email address provided by You during the booking process, or through your bank. If we cannot contact You or your bank, your order will be automatically cancelled for security reasons.

2.9. In accordance with the EU Directive on eCommerce and their local transpositions, as applicable, we inform You that the order confirmation email is the proof of Your contractual relationship with eDreams. This document will be filed in eDreams records and may be accessed by You at any moment, upon request.

2.10. In connection with particular options or special requests relating to the provision of travel services (e.g. specific meal on board, disabled facilities, child seats etc.), You have to take into account that eDreams will transfer Your requests and preferences to the Travel Supplier(s), but it will be necessary to wait for the Travel Supplier(s) coming back with confirmation. As a consequence, we expressly inform You that the request for any particular or special option may cause a delay to the confirmation of Your purchase. During this delay, we may not ensure that the service which You have ordered will be still available or the price will be still the same as shown at time of your order was made.

3. Purchase conditions
3.1. Cancellations and changes
3.1.1. The chance to cancel or change a travel product or service purchased through this Platform, as well as the way to do so, will depend on the terms and conditions of your Travel Supplier(s), which are usually according to the sort of fare chosen (i.e. low cost fares do not usually allow changes or cancellations). eDreams can assist You to find out whether Your fare allows changes or cancellation and, if you wish, eDreams can also manage your request with your Travel Supplier(s), by charging a service fee of fifty euro (€50) per person and route cancelled and/or changed. Please note that our services fees for managing cancellations and/or changes do not include the amounts eventually charged by your Travel Supplier(s), according to their terms and conditions. If you wish to order a cancellation or a change through eDreams, please contact us via our Help Centre. These requests cannot be processed by email.

3.1.2. According to Article 103.a) of the Royal Decree 1/2007, of 16th of November, by which it is approved the General Law on Consumers and Users Rights, we inform You that once your purchase is confirmed, the mediation service provided by edreams is considered as totally executed and therefore you are not entitled to use your withdrawal right anymore.

3.2. Prices and payment methods
3.2.1. You will see total price of your order with the corresponding breakdown, once You have selected the Travel Services You want to order, which is before You will be bound by any contract or take any payment obligation. Such total price will include the price of all of selected travel services, including optional services, and eDreams’ service fees. Please note that eDreams’ services fees are non-refundable. This is because the service fees are charged for the mediation services provided by eDreams, which are fulfilled when the booking has been confirmed to You.

3.2.2. eDreams’ service fees will vary according to the products or services included in your order, the channel used and other factors. In the event that Your order cannot be processed because You use a invalid credit or debit card, eDreams will charge You an additional service fee of fifty euro (€50) and will provide You with instructions to make the payment of Your order effective. Once full payment has been made by You, the additional service fee will be refunded by deducting it from total price of Your order. You will not receive any of the services ordered until full payment has been received. Note that price of the services at the moment you completed Your purchase by clicking ACCEPT AND PURCHASE may change due to the elapsed time between completing Your purchase and the moment on which Your payment has been received in full. In such case, to process Your order You must accept the price of the travel service(s) which is applicable at the moment the full payment has been received. In the event that any problem arises relating to you payment, we will contact You within forty-eight (48) hours from your order (or within twenty-four (24) hours if You are traveling within forty eight (48) hours) and will instruct You to make the payment effective.

3.2.3. If you order includes one or more flights, be aware that some airlines will directly charge You, so payment to the airline(s) and payment to eDreams may appear as separate transactions on your bank account.

3.2.4. You can only use the payment methods as listed on the Platform. No other payment methods are accepted by eDreams.

3.2.5. All prices which are mentioned to You on our platform are including VAT (if due at all). Note that specific VAT rules are applicable to the provision of travel services, as well as the mediation regarding such services. This means that the amount of VAT included in the price of the travel services, as well as in the mediation fee (if any), depends on the destination of your travel as well as whether you are a private customer or customer with a VAT number.

3.2.6. For security reasons, You will be requested to enter your credit or debit card information each time you make an order. You authorize eDreams to use such information to (i) pay the products or services ordered, (ii) pay the insurance premium, if applicable, (iii) manage refunds, when appropriate and (iv) pay post-booking services requested. In all cases, Your payment details will be encrypted in a secure server, according to PCI standards.

3.2.7. eDreams will also charge You with additional fees for using certain payment methods as stated by the applicable laws, i.e. if You use a corporate card or a tripartite system (American Express or Diners). Please note that our systems automatically detect the payment method which is actually used by You and the corresponding additional fees are charged, if any. Please, note that, If You pay with a credit or debit card which is held by another person than you, we will assume that You have previously requested the permission of the card holder. eDreams reserves the right to send e-tickets, confirmations, e-vouchers and other travel documents exclusively to the card holder.

3.2.8. In certain cases, subject to prior contact with the Customer Service centre, You will be able to pay by bank wire. In these cases, there must be a difference of at least six (6) working days between the date of your order and the departure date of the ticket. By choosing bank wire as the payment method, eDreams will charge You the total amount of your order in one single payment. You must ensure that there are sufficient funds available to settle the payment. In the event of a returned payment due to lack of funds or any other reason, eDreams will charge You an additional service fee of fifty euro (€50) and will immediately give You instructions to make the payment effective.

3.3. Refunds
3.3.1. Refunds are subject to the Travel Supplier(s)’ Policies, as the case may be. If You are eligible to be refunded according to such Policies, be informed that Your refund will be processed using the same payment method as used to pay Your order. Note that the air fares contain different elements and not all of them are refundable, so even if you are eligible to be refunded according to your travel supplier(s)’ policies, the refunded amount may not be exactly the total price paid for your booking.

3.3.2. In the event that You have ordered a non-refundable and unchangeable flight, and You will not be able to use it, be informed that You may claim anyway a refund for some airport taxes which are included in the air fare. In case that You wish to request the refund of the airport taxes through eDreams, You may contact our call centre services. With this request, You authorize eDreams to carry out all necessary actions on Your behalf to be refunded. Please note that the deadline for requesting the refund of these airport taxes is twelve (12) months from the date of purchase of the tickets or six (6) months from the date of the flight, if this is later. For this service, eDreams will charge You with an additional service fee of fifty euro (€50) per person, which will be deducted from the amount refunded.

3.4. Passport, visas and health requirements
3.4.1. You should check accurately with the relevant embassy about passport and visa requirements in advance. It is Your responsibility to be in possession of a valid passport and, if appropriate, a visa. Under no circumstances eDreams can be responsible if You do not have the right travel documents or permissions.

3.4.2. Every destination has its own requirements concerning entry formalities, vaccinations, etc. and these may also vary depending on the nationality of the passenger. We recommend that You obtain this information before planning your journey. eDreams cannot be responsible for incidents deriving from customers being non-observant of these official requirements.

3.5. Electronic tickets (e-tickets)
3.5.1. All tickets ordered through this Platform are e-tickets. The e-ticketing system is a paperless method to buy airline tickets. Once You have made your order, eDreams will send You a confirmation email with your flight booking reference number(s). Please note that You will not receive a paper ticket to show at the airport.

3.5.2. In this regard, we would like to inform You that every airline has its own rules and procedures regarding e-ticketing, and we would urge You to check these regulations before getting the airport. In any event, we recommend you always having a printed copy of your confirmation email containing your flight booking reference number(s), although not all airlines request to see it. Some low cost airlines apply extra charges if You do not print and show your boarding pass at the airport. eDreams recommends to accurately read all booking confirmation email specifications. You may need to check in and reprint your boarding pass again if your flight or passenger details change.

3.5.3. eDreams understands that the information provided by You is right and accurate, and can therefore not be responsible if your e-ticket does not arrive to your inbox due to an incorrect email, or goes into your spam folder. You must notify us immediately if You change your email or telephone number. You must also check that the name that appears on your passport coincides with the one mentioned on your ticket and/or booking confirmation.

3.6. Travel insurance
3.6.1. eDreams recommends You take out travel insurance for your travel. If You decide to purchase travel insurance policy through the eDreams Platform, your will conclude two separate agreements (a) one agreement between You and the Insurer which is relating to the supply of travel insurance, subject to the terms and conditions which are mentioned in the insurance policy and (b) one between You and eDreams which is relating to the mediation service regarding the supply of the travel insurance by the Insurer. eDreams will charge you the insurance premium plus applicable insurance premiums taxes (if any) on behalf of the Insurer and will also charge a fee for the mediation service. In any case, You will have access to the insurance policy before being bound by a contract or a payment obligation. We recommend to carefully read the terms and conditions of Your insurance policy.

4. Intellectual and industrial property rights
4.1. All the content of this Platform (including, but not limited to, trademarks, texts, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio files and software) is owned by eDreams or its content providers and is protected by national and international industrial and intellectual property laws.

4.2. Any other use of the content on this Platform is strictly prohibited, including its total or partial reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, subsequent publication, exhibition and/or representation. In particular, any type of use of the images contained on this Platform outside of this Platform is strictly prohibited without the express consent of eDreams and/or its suppliers.

4.3. eDreams and other names of products, services, graphics and logos of eDreams are internationally registered trademarks.

5. Other applicable terms and conditions
5.1. Passenger rights under Regulation (EC) 261/2004.
5.1.1. If You are traveling into or out of the EU, or using an EU airline, You may have rights which You can claim to the relevant airline in the event that your flight is cancelled, delayed or You are denied boarding. Please consult Regulation (EC) 261/2004 or contact our Customer Services Department.

5.2. Queries and complaints regarding your order.
5.2.1. Please contact our Customer Services Department if You have any query or complaint relating to your booking before your departure. You can use our Help Centre, which is a 100% online system, or You can call the telephone number displayed on the header of the Web page.

5.3. Changes to T&Cs
5.3.1. eDreams may amend or update these T&Cs at any moment, without prior notice. The current version of these T&Cs will be the one shown on the Platform at each moment. Please consult the current T&Cs each time You make a booking on this Platform.

6. Applicable law
These T&Cs shall be constructed and governed by the laws of Spain.

Annex 1. Specific information for flights
Please note that the contract of carriage will be set up between You and the airline and it will be subject to the airline’s terms and conditions. eDreams only acts as intermediate in the purchase of your air ticket. It is IMPORTANT that You check the terms and conditions of your airline, since the air fare chosen could be unchangeable and/or non-refundable. Moreover, airlines may charge for ancillaries’ services to the air transport service such as checked baggage, airport check-in, preferred seating, in-flight entertainment, food, drink and snacks, etc. Any charges for these additional services are not included in the price of your air ticket unless explicitly provided otherwise and must be paid to the airline directly. Please note that, if your flight includes more than one route, each one can be subject to different rules (i.e. for baggage allowances, visa requirements, etc.). This can happen even if the routes are operated by the same airline, but one route is international and the other is domestic.

In particular, it is IMPORTANT that You check the following:

Minimum check-in time for your flight. The recommended minimum check-in time for international flights is 120 minutes prior to departure and for domestic flights, 90 minutes before departure. Nevertheless, some airports and/or airlines may require a longer time.
If You have a return ticket, whether the airline requires You to reconfirm your return flight booking at least 72 hours before travel. If You do not reconfirm your return route directly with the airline, it could be cancelled.
In particular if You are traveling first class, whether there are special request regarding your seat.
In particular if You have chosen a special fare or better price, whether there are stopovers in your flight. Some itineraries require a change of plane during the trip. A flight described as “direct” is when there is no need to change of plane during the trip. Nevertheless there could be stops to refuel or drop off/collect passengers. The details of stopovers will be provided during the booking process and will be clearly identified both on the platform and on your itinerary, which we will send You when You make your booking. It is Your responsibility to organize the necessary visas, as may be required due to such stopovers.
If a passenger included in your booking is pregnant on the date of return, what is the specific airline’s policy about this. For reference purposes, airlines normally refuse to transport women who are 28 weeks pregnant.
If a passenger included in your booking is a child, what is the specific airline’s policy about this. For reference purposes, (i) children must normally be 6 weeks olds or more to travel by air and must either sit on an adult’s lap or occupy an infant seat, while children aged 2 years or more must occupy a normal seat; (ii)minors between the ages of 5 and under 12 may not normally travel alone, unless the airline provides a special assistance – just for passengers between the ages of 12 and 17 – but this additional service must be paid separately and requested before confirming the booking through our Travel Agents.
Changes of passengers’ names and/or last names. Note that if the details on the ticket do not match with your ID document, the airline can refuse You to board. Further to ensure that You have provided correctly all passengers’ personal data during the online booking process, we recommend to check the airline’s policy on this. For reference purposes, note that changes of names and/or last names are not generally allowed by airlines, but you will have to cancel your booking and make a new one if this happens.
One-way combinations as return flights
In some cases, in order to provide special return fares, we combine two one-way fares on different airlines or on the same airline. This means that You will have two separate bookings (one for your outbound flight and one for your inbound flight) and each booking will have its own fare rules. If You need to cancel one of the flights, it is possible to keep the other. Any cancellations, schedule changes or other modifications to one of the flights will not affect the other flight, and the fare rules of the other flight will still apply. For example, if You cancel one of the flights, the other airline is not obliged to refund the other part of the journey and offer You a change of itinerary. You may incur costs of any change with the other flight if it is necessary.

Low-cost airline flights
In the event You chose a low-cost airline to fly, please check accurately the rules applying to your air fare, particularly the existence of ancillary services which are not included in the price of the air ticket and note that your flight may depart from a smaller, regional and/or secondary airport. The airport is always displayed before the purchase in flight details section.

Discounted fares for residents in Canary Islands, Balearic Islands, Ceuta or Melilla
According to Spanish Laws, all Spanish citizens who are resident in Canary Islands, Balearic Islands, Ceuta or Melilla (“Residents”) have the right to get special discounted fares when they fly within the national territory from or to home. Residents’ parents who live in third countries also have the right to get these special discounted fares when they visit their parents/Residents.

In order to access to such special discounted fares, during the purchase process You need to select the option “YES, WE ALL ARE RESIDENT” (“Resident Option”). In case You think that all circumstances are met (domestic route from or to a Resident location), but the system does not give You the option to select the Resident Option, we encourage You to contact us via our Help Centre.

When You select the Resident Option, Your condition as Resident will be checked by the Spanish Government (Ministerio de Fomento) before to issue the air ticket. In case that the result of such checking is positive, i.e. Your condition as Resident is confirmed, Your air ticket will be normally issued and You will not have to show any document at the airport. In case that, otherwise, the result of such checking is negative, i.e. Your condition as Resident cannot be confirmed this automatic way, you will need to show at the airport an original certificate of residence, duly issued by your city countil or, if You are a member of the Spanish Parliament (Congreso de los Diputados o Senado), the corresponding Certificate as such.

Discounted fares for large families
According to Spanish Laws, all Spanish citizens who are members of a large family and they have been officially recognized as such have the right to get special discounted fares when they fly within the national territory.

In order to access such special discounted fares, You need to call our call centre and perform Your booking by phone with the assistant of one of our agents.

Annex 2. Specific information for hotels
We reserve a space on this Platform for travel providers that offer hotels and accommodation services. Please note that the booking of accommodation will be set up between You and such travel providers. eDreams does not intermediate in this transaction, but rather acts as an information service provider consisting of the provision of content or related search tools, according to EU directive on e-commerce.

It is IMPORTANT that You check the terms and conditions of your travel provider and the description of the hotel or accommodation establishment before booking. For reference purposes, we recommend You to check the following:

Classification with stars. Please note that rules and criteria can be different between hotels and accommodation establishment of the same class in different countries, and even within the same country. Different countries have different regulations: a 3-star hotel in one country is not necessarily the same as a 3-star hotel in another.
Check-in/check-out time. Generally guests must register at a hotel or other establishment around 15:00 and check-out by 11:00 local time. Nevertheless, local variations may apply.
Pictures. We do our best to ensure that pictures of establishments and descriptions of facilities and services that appear on our Platform, as provided by the travel providers, are accurate, but we cannot guarantee this is always the case.
Location. We do our best to offer You the most exact information on a hotel’s map location, as provided by the travel providers and/or Google Maps, but we cannot guarantee this is always the case.
Room types. Pictures and descriptions of room types do not necessarily represent the exact bed configuration of the room. For example, a triple room in North America may consist of a double bed and a single bed or a double room in Austria may consist of two single beds. In addition, there may be an extra charge for supplementary beds or cots.
Breakfast. Normally, breakfast is not included unless otherwise is specifically stated.
Local taxes. Some hotels may charge local taxes when you stay in.
Annex 3. Specific information for other products and services
We also reserve a space on this Platform for travel and non-travel providers that offer products and services such as cruises, car rental, leisure activities, etc. Please note that the purchase of these services will be set up between You and such travel providers. eDreams does not intermediate in this transaction, but rather acts as an information service provider consisting of the provision of content or related search tools, according to EU directive on e-commerce.
The essentials
Using our app to do anything other than access the links to this "Terms" page or accessing any page of our website other than our home page and this "Terms" page constitutes your consent to these terms of use and to our Privacy Policy. If you do not consent, do not use our website.

Your use of our website to do anything beyond simply accessing/viewing it (that is, uploading, downloading, commenting, etc.), constitutes not merely your consent, but also your electronic signature, meaning that you are contractually bound by these terms and by our Privacy Policy.

Our community rules
These Terms of Use are our contract with you. We also have community rules, developed thanks to input from the Imgurian community, that serve as rules for using Imgur publicly.

Stuff not to do
If someone else might own the copyright to it, don't upload it. Don't upload gore, "hate speech" (i.e. demeaning race, gender, age, religious or sexual orientation, etc.), or material that is threatening, harassing, defamatory, or that encourages violence or crime. Don't upload illegal content such as child porn or nonconsensual ("revenge") porn. Don't hotlink to adult content or to file-sharing, gambling, torrent, warez, or Imgur rip-off sites. Don't impersonate someone else. Also, don't use Imgur to host image libraries you link to from elsewhere, content for your website, advertising, avatars, or anything else that turns us into your content delivery network. If you do – and we will be the judge – or if you do anything illegal, in addition to any other legal rights we may have, we will ban you along with the site you're hotlinking from, delete all your images, report you to the authorities if necessary, and prevent you from viewing any images hosted on Imgur.com. We mean it.

Stuff to do, please
Please have tons of fun! That's what Imgur is all about. If something isn't fun -- if you see anything on our site that shouldn't be there because it violates our policies, is illegal (e.g. revenge porn or child porn), or for some other reason, please let us know by emailing us at abuse@imgur.com.

About images you upload
You can upload images anonymously and share them online with only the people you choose to share them with. If you make them publicly available, they may be featured in the gallery. If you share an image publicly with Facebook, Twitter, Digg, Reddit, etc., then it may end up in the gallery.

The Details
Version 3.3 09/08/2015
Intellectual Property
By uploading a file or other content or by making a comment, you represent and warrant to us that (1) doing so does not violate or infringe anyone else's rights; and (2) you created the file or other content you are uploading, or otherwise have sufficient intellectual property rights to upload the material consistent with these terms. With regard to any file or content you upload to the public portions of our site, you grant Imgur a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable worldwide license (with sublicense and assignment rights) to use, to display online and in any present or future media, to create derivative works of, to allow downloads of, and/or distribute any such file or content. To the extent that you delete any such file or content from the public portions of our site, the license you grant to Imgur pursuant to the preceding sentence will automatically terminate, but will not be revoked with respect to any file or content Imgur has already copied and sublicensed or designated for sublicense. Also, of course, anything you post to a public portion of our site may be used by the public pursuant to the following paragraph even after you delete it.

USE OF IMGUR CONTENT
By downloading an image or copying other user-generated content (UGC) from Imgur, you agree that you do not claim any rights to it. The following conditions apply:

You may use UGC for personal, non-commercial purposes.
You may use UGC for anything that qualifies as fair use under copyright law, for example journalism (news, comment, criticism, etc.), but please include an attribute ("Imgur" or "courtesy of Imgur") next to where it is displayed.
You may not use UGC for non-journalistic commercial purposes.
Your use of UGC is at your own risk. IMGUR MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, and you will indemnify and hold Imgur harmless from any copyright infringement claims arising out of your use of the UGC. (See our general disclaimers below.)
You may not copy or use any portions of our site that are not UGC except within the limits of fair use.

NOTICES OF CLAIMED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (OR OTHER TYPES OF INFRINGEMENT)
If you see anything on our site that you believe infringes your copyright rights, you may notify our Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") agent by sending the following information:

Identification of the copyrighted work or works claimed to have been infringed. IMPORTANT: you must have a registered copyright for the work, or at least have filed with the Copyright Office (http://www.copyright.gov/eco/) an application to register a copyright for the work. DMCA notifications based on unregistered works are not valid.
Identification of the material on our servers that is claimed to be infringing and that is to be removed, including the URL or other information to enable us to locate the material.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you as copyright owner, or by your agent, or by law.
A statement that the information in your notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner (or authorized to act on behalf of the owner) of the exclusive copyright right that is allegedly being infringed.
Your physical or electronic signature, or of someone authorized to act on your behalf.
Instructions on how we may contact you: preferably email, but also address and phone.
Because a DMCA takedown notice, to be valid, must be based on a work for which the copyright is registered with the Copyright Office (or for which registration has been applied for), and because a high percentage of DMCA takedown notices are not valid. It will speed our investigation of your DMCA notice if you attach to it a copy of your copyright registration, or registration application, for the work.

Our agent to receive such notifications of claimed infringement is Alan Schaaf.

Email:	abuse@imgur.com
Mailing Address:	
Imgur Inc.
415 Jackson Street, Ste. 200
San Francisco, CA 94111


Use the same procedure for any claimed trademark violations or other infringements. If we receive a DMCA takedown demand for material you posted that we believe constitutes fair use, we will attempt to notify you if we have your contact info; otherwise we are under no obligation to notify you regarding the removal. We reserve the right to refuse to remove any material that in our view constitutes fair use. If we identify you as a "repeat infringer," we will block or remove your images and terminate any accounts you have with us. (If we notify you of a DMCA removal and you respond with a legitimate counter-notice, that won't count toward being a repeat infringer.) Keep in mind that we reserve the right to remove any content at any time whether or not it infringes or violates any of our policies.

Use of Trademark
Any uses of our name, trademarks, and logos must follow our Trademark Use Policy.

Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Remedies, Indemnity
Although of course we strive to make Imgur as dependable as possible, Imgur's services are provided on an AS IS – WITH ALL FAULTS basis. Your use of our service is entirely at your own risk. We do not guarantee the availability of our service at any given time, or the reliability of our service when it is running. We do not guarantee the integrity of, or the continued availability of, files on our servers. Whether we make backups, and if so, whether restoration of those backups will be available to you, is at our discretion. IMGUR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS AND MERCHANTABILITY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE STATED IN THESE TERMS, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER IMGUR TAKES OR DOES NOT TAKE MEASURES TO REMOVE INAPPROPRIATE OR HARMFUL CONTENT FROM ITS SITE, IMGUR HAS NO DUTY TO MONITOR ANY CONTENT ON ITS SITE. IMGUR DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, APPROPRIATENESS, OR HARMLESSNESS OF ANY CONTENT APPEARING ON IMGUR.COM THAT IS NOT PRODUCED BY IMGUR, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO USER CONTENT, ADVERTISING CONTENT, OR OTHERWISE.

Your sole remedy for the loss of any services and/or of any images or other data you may have stored on Imgur's service is to discontinue your use of our service. IMGUR WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, IMGUR'S SERVICES, EVEN IF IMGUR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR REASONABLY SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NO CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF IMGUR'S SERVICES MAY BE BROUGHT MORE THAN ONE YEAR AFTER IT OCCURS.

YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD IMGUR AND ALL OF ITS PERSONNEL HARMLESS FROM ALL LOSS, LIABILITY, CLAIMS, DAMAGES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS, YOUR INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY'S RIGHTS, AND ANY HARM CAUSED TO ANY THIRD PARTY AS A RESULT OF YOUR UPLOADING OF FILES, COMMENTS, OR ANYTHING ELSE TO OUR SERVERS.

Miscellaneous
"Imgur" or "we" refers to Imgur, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors and assigns. "You" refers to any person who has consented to these terms or has become contractually bound to them, whether such person is identified or not at the time. These terms are governed by California law, excluding its conflicts of law principles, and if there is a lawsuit between you and Imgur, jurisdiction and venue will lie exclusively in the State where the defendant is located, if within the United States, or in Santa Clara County, California otherwise. If any part of these terms is invalid, the remaining provisions will be unaffected. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to this subject matter, and they will continue to govern any issues that arise out of your use of Imgur's services even after you discontinue using them. We may revise these terms from time to time without notice. Whenever we do so, we will so indicate by changing the version date at the top. Any changes apply as of the time they are posted. Imgur is not meant for use by children under age 13; if your child is younger than 13 please allow him or her to use it only under your supervision.

Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. See e.g. www.toptenreviews.com/software/security/best-internet-filter-software.
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND TERMS OF SERVICE

Effective Date: July 29, 2016

Last Updated Date: July 29, 2016

If you are a User having your usual residence in Germany, instead of the below these EULA [https://musical.ly/de/eula] exclusively shall apply.
This End User License Agreement and Terms of Service (this “ EULA ”) is a binding contract between you, an individual user (“ you ”) and Musical.ly, an exempted company duly incorporated with limited liability and validly existing under the Laws of the Cayman Islands d/b/a Musical.ly Inc. (“ Company ,” “ we ,” “ us ” or “ our ”) governing your use of all mobile software applications the Company makes available for download (each, an “ App ,” and together, the “ Apps ”) and the related website located at www.musical.ly and/or any other website(s) owned or controlled by or on behalf of the Company (collectively, “ Sites ,” and collectively with the Apps, the “ Service ”). BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS EULA. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE. TO HAVE A COPY OF THIS EULA AND THE COMPANY’S PRIVACY POLICY SENT TO YOU, CONTACT THE COMPANY AT legal@musical.ly.

Material Terms : As provided in greater detail in this EULA (and without limiting the express language of this EULA), you acknowledge the following:

the Service is licensed, not sold to you, and that you may use the Service only as set forth in this EULA;
the use of the Service may be subject to separate third party terms of service and fees, including, without limitation, your mobile network operator’s (the “ Carrier ”) terms of service and fees, including fees charged for data usage and overage, which are your sole responsibility;
you consent to the terms and conditions in the Gift Points Policy available at https://www.musical.ly/giftpointspolicy.html (the “ Gift Points Policy ”);
you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personally identifiable information by accessing to the Service and/or participating in the gift points program in accordance with the Company’s Privacy Policy available at http://musical.ly/privacy.html (“ Privacy Policy ”) and the Gift Points Policy, including with respect to the collection of location information or payment related information;
the Apps are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind and the Company’s liability to you is limited by the terms herein, the Privacy Policy and the Gift Points Policy;.
disputes arising hereunder will be resolved by binding arbitration. By accepting this EULA, as provided in greater detail in Section 11 of this EULA, you and the Company are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action;
the Apps may require access to the following services on your mobile device: your device identifier and location;
and if you are using the Apps on an iOS-based device, you agree to and acknowledge the “Notice Regarding Apple,” below.
General Terms and Conditions.
Consideration . The Company provides the Service for free to each User (defined below), for the User’s personal enjoyment (have fun with the Apps!), self-expression (be creative and be yourself), and the possibility of exposure and fame (is that Hollywood calling?). In return for enjoying such free access and use of the Service, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase the value of the Company from your use of the Service, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and Gifts (defined below), and you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any Broadcast Content (defined below) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Service, including in any UGV’s (defined below) created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain consideration from any User Videos (defined below) embodying any SR Samples (defined below) within the Service or on any third party service ( e.g. , you cannot claim a User Video on YouTube for monetization).
Changes to this EULA . You understand and agree that the Company may change this EULA at any time without prior notice; provided that the Company will endeavor to provide you with prior notice of any material changes that may apply to you, including through the posting of a revised EULA that you may be required to accept in order to continue using the Service. You may read a current, effective copy of this EULA at any time by selecting the appropriate link on the Service. The revised EULA will become effective at the time of posting. Any use of the Service after such date will constitute your acceptance of such revised EULA. If any change to this EULA is not acceptable to you, then your sole remedy is to stop accessing, browsing and otherwise using the Service. The terms of this EULA will govern any updates the Company provides to you that replace and/or supplement any portion of the Service, unless the upgrade is accompanied by a separate license or revised EULA, in which case the terms of that license or revised EULA will govern. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this Section 1.b, no revisions to this EULA will apply to any dispute between you and the Company that arose prior to the effective date of such revision.
Incorporation by Reference . Your access to and use of the Service is also subject to the Company’s Privacy Policy and Gift Points Policy, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by reference.
Jurisdictional Issues . The Service is controlled and operated by the Company from its offices in the State of California and the People’s Republic of China. The Company makes no representation that materials on the Service are appropriate, lawful or available for use in any locations other than the United States of America. Those who choose to access or use the Service or participate in the gift points program from locations outside the United States of America, do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Access to the Service from jurisdictions where the contents or practices of the Service are illegal, unauthorized or penalized is strictly prohibited.
Eligibility . THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 13 OR FOR ANY USERS PREVIOUSLY SUSPENDED OR REMOVED FROM THE SERVICE BY MUSICAL.LY. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER. Furthermore, by using the Service, you affirm that either you are at least 18 years of age or have been authorized to use the Service by your parent or guardian who is at least 18 years of age.
The Service .
Description . Subject to the Company’s potential blocking of certain content owned or controlled by the third parties, which blocking you hereby authorize, the Service enables you to (i) create 15-second videos, including videos that incorporate locally stored sound recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise (each, a “ UGV ”), (ii) extract all or any portion of the User Content (defined in Section 5.a below) incorporated into any UGV created by another user to produce a UGV, including collaborative UGVs with other users, that combine and intersperse User Content from UGVs generated by more than one user (each, a “ Collaborative UGV ”), and (iii) transmit and view such UGV and Collaborative UGV through the Apps1 (“ Broadcast Content ”). Any person who creates a UGV will be referred to herein as a “ Creator ,” and any person who uses any User Content from another’s UGV to create a Collaborative UGV as permitted by this EULA will be referred to herein as an “ Editor .” Creators, Editors and all other users of the Service, including transmitters and viewers of Broadcast Content through the Apps, will be referred to herein collectively as “ Users .”2

In addition to allowing you to create UGVs and Collaborative UGVs, and transmit Broadcast Content via the Apps, as described above, the Service may also allow you to (A) create 15-second videos that include sound recording samples (and the musical works embodied therein) from thirty second portions of sound recordings (sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein are “ SR Samples ”) made available by the Company through the Service through a Company-provided library (each, a “ Company Video ,” and together with UGVs and Collaborative UGVs, “ User Videos ”); (B) save your User Videos locally to your device; (C) upload your User Videos to the applicable App or certain third party social media platforms (e.g. , Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter) subject to the terms and conditions in this EULA and any usage restrictions imposed by any licensors of S R Samples ( e.g. , sound recording and/or musical work copyright owners); (D) communicate your User Videos to friends via different messaging services; and (E) publicly display and perform your User Videos and the embedded sound recordings and musical works to other Users of the Service. If the Service does not permit you to Post User Videos directly to one or more third party social media platforms, then you are not authorized by the Company to Post your User Videos on such platforms and you are solely responsible for obtaining any necessary rights, clearances, permissions or authorizations for such Posting and may be subject to liability for your failure to do so in the event of any unauthorized Posting of User Videos. For the avoidance of doubt, User Videos exclude any Broadcast Content.

Private Accounts . You control whether your User Videos and/or Broadcast Content are made publicly available on the Service to all the Users or only available to people you approve among the Users. To restrict access to your User Videos and/or Broadcast Content, you should select the privacy setting available within the Apps.
Mobile Services . The Service will be accessible via a mobile phone, tablet or other wireless device (collectively, “Mobile Services ”). Your mobile carrier’s normal messaging, data, and other rates and fees will apply to your use of the Mobile Services. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your mobile carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. Therefore, you are solely responsible for checking with your mobile carrier to determine if the Mobile Services are available for your mobile device(s), what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to your use of the Mobile Services, and how much they will cost you. Nevertheless, all use of the Apps and the related Mobile Services must be in accordance with this EULA.
Registration .
Log-In Credentials . While you may always browse the public-facing portions of the Service without registering with us, in order to enjoy the full benefits of the Service, including to serve as a Creator or Editor, you must download the Apps and register an account with us (an “ Account”).
Account Security . You are responsible for the security of your Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your credentials. You will notify the Company immediately at privacy@musical.ly if you suspect or know of any unauthorized use of your log-in credentials or any other breach of security with respect to your Account. The Company will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your credentials prior to you notifying the Company of such unauthorized use or loss of your credentials. Separate log-in credentials may be required to access External Sites (defined in Section 8 below).
Accuracy of Information . When creating an Account, you will provide true, accurate, current, and complete information as the Company requests. You will update the information about yourself promptly, and as necessary, to keep it current and accurate. We reserve the right to disallow, cancel, remove, or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice, suspend or terminate your Account if activities occur on your Account which, in our sole discretion, would or might constitute a violation of this EULA, cause damage to or impair the Service, infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations. If messages sent to the e-mail address you provide are returned as undeliverable, then the Company may terminate your Account immediately without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party.
Messages . You may be able to send messages to other Users through the Apps. You represent and warrant you will only send messages through the Apps to other Users who have given you their express consent to receive such messages, and you will indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any and all claims arising out of your sending these messages to any Users. You are responsible for all fees and charges associated with such messages.
Intellectual Property Rights
Log-In Credentials . While you may always browse the public-facing portions of the Service without registering with us, in order to enjoy the full benefits of the Service, including to serve as a Creator or Editor, you must download the Apps and register an account with us (an “ Account”).
Account Security . You are responsible for the security of your Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your credentials. You will notify the Company immediately at privacy@musical.ly if you suspect or know of any unauthorized use of your log-in credentials or any other breach of security with respect to your Account. The Company will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your credentials prior to you notifying the Company of such unauthorized use or loss of your credentials. Separate log-in credentials may be required to access External Sites (defined in Section 8 below).
Accuracy of Information . When creating an Account, you will provide true, accurate, current, and complete information as the Company requests. You will update the information about yourself promptly, and as necessary, to keep it current and accurate. We reserve the right to disallow, cancel, remove, or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice, suspend or terminate your Account if activities occur on your Account which, in our sole discretion, would or might constitute a violation of this EULA, cause damage to or impair the Service, infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations. If messages sent to the e-mail address you provide are returned as undeliverable, then the Company may terminate your Account immediately without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party.
Messages . You may be able to send messages to other Users through the Apps. You represent and warrant you will only send messages through the Apps to other Users who have given you their express consent to receive such messages, and you will indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any and all claims arising out of your sending these messages to any Users. You are responsible for all fees and charges associated with such messages.
Intellectual Property Rights
License . Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with this EULA, the Company hereby grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free and worldwide right and license to access and use the Service solely for your personal, non-commercial use and solely in strict compliance with the provisions of this EULA. NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE FROM ANY COMPANY-PROVIDED LIBRARY OF CONTENT. YOU USE ALL SUCH CONTENT AT YOUR SOLE RISK EVEN THOUGH SR SAMPLES MAY BE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE.
Covenant Not to Sue . The Company, but not its third party licensors, hereby represents, warrants, and covenants that it will not, for so long as you are authorized to use the Service pursuant to this EULA, sue or bring a cause of action against you for:
Reproducing SR Samples in timed relation to visual images ( i.e. , synchronizing) in User Videos created in strict compliance with this EULA, provided you are using only an SR Sample provided by the Company and not any sound recordings, musical works, or other User Videos uploaded by you or others to the Service; and
Reproducing a User Video embodying an SR Sample on your own mobile device or distributing such User Video with private or public audiences via the Service, provided such distribution is in strict compliance with this EULA and the functionalities of the applicable App.
User-Sourced Sound Recordings and Musical Works . Nothing in this EULA grants you a license to reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, communicate to the public, synchronize or otherwise use and exploit any third party content, including, but not limited to, sound recordings or musical works in your User Videos or Broadcast Content. You are solely responsible for clearing the rights to any third party content, including, but not limited to, sound recordings and musical works for use in User Videos or Broadcast Content.
Limitations on Use and Modification . Nothing in this EULA authorizes you to, with respect to User Videos or Broadcast Content, (i) use any aspect of any musical work or sound recording in a manner that is not expressly permitted by this EULA; (ii) modify, change, or adapt the lyrics or fundamental character of any musical work or sound recording; (iii) to use the story of any Composition; or (iv) to criticize the copyright owner of any musical work or sound recording, the authors, composers or lyricists of any musical work, or the featured or non-featured recording artists of any sound recording. Any violation of the preceding sentence will be deemed copyright infringement absent any defense(s) available under applicable law. Accordingly, and for the avoidance of doubt, you are solely responsible for obtaining any necessary rights, clearances, permissions or authorizations to modify, change or adopt any third party content in User Videos or Broadcast Content.
Third Party Consent for User Videos . You hereby acknowledge and agree that if you (i) desire to Post (as defined below) a User Video to any External Sites; or (ii) use a User Video for any commercial purpose, then, in each case, you must obtain all necessary consents from each owner of any third party content included in your User Video, including Creators in the event you incorporated any User Content in a Collaborative UGV. For the purposes of the foregoing sentence, “commercial purpose” means any purpose that may directly or indirectly generate income, revenue, good will or any other tangible or intangible benefit for you or any third party, excluding Company.
Content . Except for User Content, the content that the Company provides to Users on or through the Service, including without limitation, any SR Samples, text, graphics, photos, software, and interactive features, may be protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights and owned by the Company or its third party licensors (collectively, the “ Company Content ”). Moreover, the Company solely owns all design rights, databases and compilation and other intellectual property rights in and to the Service, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and any related goodwill. You obtain no copyright or other interest in any SR Samples obtained by you on or through the Service, including, but not limited to, those SR Samples that may be used by you in any UGV. Any uses of SR Samples by you that are not authorized under this Agreement are subject to all rights of the copyright owners of such SR Samples in law and equity. You are expressly prohibited from monetizing any User Videos embodying SR Samples within the Service or on any third party service (e.g., you may not claim and monetize a UGV on Facebook).
Marks . The Company trademarks, service marks, and logos (the “ Company Trademarks ”) used and displayed on the Service are the Company’s registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks. Other product and service names located on the Service may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (the “ Third-Party Trademarks ,” and, collectively with the Company Trademarks, the “ Trademarks ”). Except as otherwise permitted by law, you may not use the Trademarks to disparage the Company or the applicable third-party, the Company’s or a third-party’s products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks. You may not use any Trademarks as part of a link to or from any Service without the Company’s prior express written consent. All goodwill generated from the use of any Company Trademark will inure solely to the Company’s benefit.
Restrictions . The Company hereby reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this Section 4. Accordingly, nothing this EULA or on the Service will be construed as granting to you, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any additional license rights in and to the Service or any Company Content or Trademarks located or displayed therein.
User Content .
Definition . “ User Content ” means any content that Users upload, post or transmit (collectively, “ Post ”) to or through the Service including, without limitation, any text, photographs, User Videos or sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein, Broadcast Content, and any other works subject to protection under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright laws, and excludes any and all Company Content (including, without limitation, any SR Samples incorporated into the Company Videos).
Screening User Content . The Company offers Users the ability to submit User Content to or transmit through the Service. The Company does not pre-screen any User Content, but reserves the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content in its sole discretion. In addition, we have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate this EULA, applicable law or otherwise constitute Objectionable Content (defined in Section 5.i below); or (ii) in response to complaints from other Users or licensors of any Company Content, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Videos that you Post to the Service on your personal device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Videos. The Company does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will the Company be liable in any way for any User Content.
Intellectual Property Rights . SUBJECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS IN ANY PREEXISTING CONTENT INCLUDED WITHIN YOUR USER CONTENT, INCLUDING COMPANY CONTENT, YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE IN YOUR USER CONTENT AND SUBMITTING YOUR USER CONTENT TO THE SERVICE DOES NOT TRANSFER OWNERSHIP OF YOUR RIGHTS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NO USER VIDEO WILL BE CONSIDERED TO BE A SEPARATE COPYRIGHTABLE WORK AND ALL RIGHTS IN EACH USER VIDEO WILL REMAIN WITH THE OWNERS OF THE CONTENT USED TO CREATE SUCH USER VIDEO.
Licenses to User Content . You hereby grant the Company an unrestricted, assignable, sublicensable, revocable, royalty-free license throughout the universe to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, communicate to the public, publicly perform (including by means of digital audio transmissions and on a through-to-the-audience basis), make available, create derivative works from, retransmit from External Sites (except with respect to Broadcast Content), and otherwise exploit and use (collectively, “ Use ”) all User Content you Post to or through the Service by any means and through any media and formats now known or hereafter developed, for the purposes of (i) advertising, marketing, and promoting the Company and the Service; (ii) displaying and sharing your User Content to other Users of the Service; (iii) providing the Service as authorized by this EULA; and (iv) sublicensing Editors the appropriate rights to enable them to create Collaborative UGVs that incorporate any of your User Content as permitted by this EULA. If you terminate this EULA or remove any of your User Content from the Service after it has been included within a Collaborative UGV, then your license grant with respect to your User Content included within such Collaborative UGV is perpetual and irrevocable. You further grant the Company a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content. You must not post any User Content on or through the Service or transmit to the Company any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Any User Content posted by you to or through the Service or transmitted to the Company will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by the Company, and may be used by the Company in accordance with this EULA without notice to you and without any liability to the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding sentences of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting the Company the right to Use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner ( e.g. , a record label), a musical work copyright owner ( e.g. , a music publisher), a performing rights organization ( e.g. , ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a “ PRO ”), a sound recording PRO ( e.g. , SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in the creation of User Content.
You Must Have Rights to the Content You Post . You must not Post any User Content to the Service if you are not the copyright owner of or are not fully authorized to grant rights in all of the elements of the User Content you intend to Post to the Service. In addition, if you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not Post such sound recordings to the Service unless you have all necessary rights, authorizations, and permissions with respect to such embedded musical works that grant you sufficient rights to grant the licenses to the Company under these Terms. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content Posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in these Terms; (ii) the Posting and Use of your User Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights, or any other rights of any person, including, but not limited to, the rights of any person visible in any of your User Content; (iii) the Posting of your User Content on the Service will not require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties, fees, compensation or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties; and (iv) the Posting of your User Content on the Service does not result in a breach of contract between you and a third party. You agree to pay all monies owing to any person as a result of Posting your User Content on the Service.
Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists . If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through this EULA to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO’s reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in this EULA or have such music publisher enter into this Agreement with us. Just because you authored a musical work ( e.g. , wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in this EULA. If you are a recording artist under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Service is in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new recordings through the Service that may be claimed by your label.
Through-To-The-Audience Rights . All of the rights you grant in this EULA are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of External Sites will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content Posted or Used on such External Sites via the Service.
Waiver of Rights to User Content . By Posting User Content to or through the Service, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Service.
Objectionable Content . You are not permitted to and agree not to Post any User Content to the Service that is or could be interpreted to be (i) abusive, bullying, defamatory, harassing, harmful, hateful, inaccurate, infringing, libelous, objectionable, obscene, offensive, pornographic, shocking, threatening, unlawful, violent, or vulgar, (ii) promoting any product, good or service, or bigotry, discrimination, hatred, intolerance, racism, or inciting violence (including suicide), or (iii) with respect to SR Samples (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the musical works embodied therein), making a political message for or against any person, party, political belief or issue, of a religious nature, or harshly critical of any SR Samples, the copyright owner(s) thereof, or any author, contributor or royalty participant of an SR Sample, in each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section, as the Company may determine in its sole and absolute discretion (collectively, “ Objectionable Content ”). The Posting of any Objectionable Content may subject you to third party claims and none of the rights granted to you in this EULA may be raised as a defense against any third party claims arising from your Posting of Objectionable Content. You also agree not to use the Service for illegal or unlawful purposes, including, without limitation, to stalk any other User. If you encounter any Objectionable Content on the Service, then please immediately email the Company at legal@musical.ly or inform us through the functionality offered on the Service. You acknowledge and agree that the Company provides you the right to report Objectionable Content as a courtesy, and the Company has no obligation to remove or take any other action with respect to any Objectionable Content on the Service that you report to us. The Company may terminate, suspend, warn or take other appropriate actions against Users for Posting Objectionable Content to the Service, including, but not limited to, the removal of all User Content uploaded to the Service by a User.
Consent to Use of Data . You understand and agree that the Company may collect and use technical data and related information, including, but not limited to, data from audio files resident on your device (e.g., we may scan sound recordings for metadata), your device’s UDID, and other technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services, such as the Audible Magic content identification feature, to you related to the Service.
Endorsements . Notwithstanding any other provision of this EULA, you represent and warrant that you will comply with all laws and regulations regarding endorsements or testimonials made by you in any User Content, including that you will (i) make only accurate statements that represent your genuine experience with any product, good or service and (ii) make all required disclosures pursuant to the Federal Trade Commission’s (“ FTC ”) Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising, as such Guides may be amended from time-to-time by the Federal Trade Commission. Follow this link for further information on complying with the FTC’s guidance: https://www.ftc.gov/sites/default/files/documents/one-stops/advertisement-endorsements/091005revisedendorsementguides.pdf .
No Liability . For the avoidance of doubt, the Company will not be liable for any unauthorized use of User Content by any User.
Virtual Goods.
Gifts . The Service may allow you to purchase or use gifts or other digital products (“ Gifts ”) for other Users. The price for each Gift will be displayed at the point of purchase. You will be responsible for the payment of any Gift purchased by you. The Company may modify, revalue, or make Gifts more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional. If Company modifies, suspends or terminates any Gifts, then you will forfeit the modified, suspended, or terminated Gifts. Likewise, except as set forth in this Section or as required by applicable law, the Company is not responsible for repairing or replacing your Gifts, or providing you with any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of: (i) the Company’s change, suspension or termination of any Gifts; or (ii) for loss or damage due to Service error, or any other reason. The Company reserves the right to terminate Gifts for cause immediately at its sole discretion without advance notice or liability. In such event you will not be entitled to a pro-rata refund or credit.
Replacements . The Company may redistribute previously purchased copies of Gifts, if, in the Company’s sole determination, a purchaser of such Gift received a corrupted or otherwise damaged item. The Company will not charge a User a fee for a re-download. If a Gift you have purchased is corrupted or otherwise damaged, then please send an email explaining the problem and the circumstances under which such problem arose to legal@musical.ly . The Company may terminate, in its sole and absolute discretion, the account of any User that is deemed to be abusing this provision.
Payment .
Currency . All charges and payments for Gifts will be made in the currency specified at the point of purchase. Currency exchange settlements and foreign transaction fees, if any, are based on your agreement with your payment method provider.
Prices . Published prices do not include taxes. If any Gifts are subject to sales tax in any jurisdiction and you have not paid the applicable sales tax to the Company, then you will be responsible for the payment of such sales tax and any related penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority.
Refunds . All sales of Gifts are final and the Company does not offer refunds for any purchased Gifts.
Restrictions on Use of the Service .
In using the Service, you agree not to:
make unauthorized copies of any content made available on or through the Service;
use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service, or any activity conducted on the Service;
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software or source code comprising or making up the Service;
delete or alter any material the Company or any other person or entity Posts on the Service;
frame or link to any of the materials or information available on the Service;
alter, deface, mutilate, or otherwise bypass any approved software through which the Service is made available;
use any trademarks, service marks, design marks, logos, photographs, or other content belonging to the Company or obtained from the Service;
access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, the Company ’s (and its hosting company’s) computer systems and infrastructure, or the technical delivery systems of the Company ’s providers;
provide any false personal information to the Company ;
create a false identity or impersonate another person or entity in any way;
create a new account with the Company , without the Company ’s express written consent, if the Company has previously disabled an account of yours;
solicit, or attempt to solicit, personal information from other Users of the Service;
restrict, discourage, or inhibit any person from using the Service, disclose personal information about a third person on the Service or obtained from the Service without the consent of that person, or collect information about Users of the Service;
use the Service to send emails or other communications to persons who have requested that you not send them communications;
use the Service, without the Company ’s express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
gain unauthorized access to the Service, to other Users’ accounts, names, or personally identifiable information, or to other computers or websites connected or linked to the Service;
Post any virus, worm, spyware, or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to disable, overburden, impair, damage, or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other aspect of the Service or communications equipment and computers connected to the Service;
interfere with or disrupt the Service, networks, or servers connected to the Service or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of those networks or servers;
violate any applicable federal, state, or local laws or regulations or the terms of this EULA;
or assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the activities described above.
External Sites .The Service may contain links to or the ability to share information (excluding Broadcast Content) with third party websites (“ External Sites ”). The Company does not endorse any External Sites or the content made available on such External Sites. All External Sites and any content thereon is developed and provided by others. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such content located on such External Sites. The Company is not responsible for the content of any External Sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of any materials on such External Sites. You should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your computer and mobile devices from viruses and other destructive programs. If you decide to access any External Sites, purchase any content from External Sites or subscribe to services offered by such External Site, then you do so at your own risk. You agree that Company will have no liability to you arising from your use, engagement, exposure to or interaction with any External Sites.
Feedback . While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the User community. If you choose to contribute by sending the Company or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively “ Feedback ”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to the Company , you agree that:
the Company has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;
Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and the Company is not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way;
and You irrevocably grant the Company perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Infringements .
Respect of Third Party Rights . The Company respects the intellectual property of others and takes the protection of intellectual property very seriously, and we ask our Users to do the same. Infringing activity will not be tolerated on or through the Service.
Repeat Infringer Policy . The Company’s intellectual property policy is to (i) remove or disable access to material that the Company believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or his or her agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the Service; and (ii) remove any User Content uploaded to the Service by “repeat infringers.” The Company considers a “repeat infringer” to be any User that has uploaded User Content or Feedback to or through the Service and for whom the Company has received more than two takedown notices compliant with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. § 512 with respect to such User Content or Feedback. The Company has discretion, however, to terminate the Account of any User after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon the Company’s own determination. Accounts of Users may be terminated immediately in the event of any unauthorized Posting of pre-release SR Samples.
Procedure for Reporting Claimed Infringement . If you believe that any content made available on or through the Service has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes an intellectual property right you own or control, then please promptly send a “ Notification of Claimed Infringement ” containing the following information to the Designated Agent identified below. Your Notification of Claimed Infringement may be shared by the Company with the User alleged to have infringed a right you own or control, and you hereby consent to the Company making such disclosure. Your communication must include substantially the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the work(s) that has/have been allegedly infringed;
Identification of works or materials being infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, then a representative list of such works;
Identification of the specific material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the Company to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the Company to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
and A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

You should consult with your own lawyer and/or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm your obligations to provide a valid notice of claimed infringement.

Designated Agent Contact Information . The Company’s designated agent for receipt of Notifications of Claimed Infringement (the “ Designated Agent ”) can be contacted at:

Via E-mail: copyright@musical.ly

Via U.S. Mail: 1161 Mission Street, Office #502, San Francisco, CA 94103

Counter Notification . If you receive a notification from the Company that material made available by you on or through the Service has been the subject of a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then you will have the right to provide the Company with what is called a “ Counter Notification .” To be effective, a Counter Notification must be in writing, provided to the Company’s Designated Agent through one of the methods identified in Section 10.d and include substantially the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of the subscriber;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
The subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the United States, then for any judicial district in which the Company may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under Section 9.d above or an agent of such person.

A party submitting a Counter Notification should consult a lawyer or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm the party’s obligations to provide a valid counter notification under the Copyright Act.

Reposting of Content Subject to a Counter Notification . If you submit a Counter Notification to the Company in response to a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then the Company will promptly provide the person who provided the Notification of Claimed Infringement with a copy of your Counter Notification and inform that person that the Company will replace the removed User Content or Feedback or cease disabling access to it in 10 business days, and the Company will replace the removed User Content or Feedback and cease disabling access to it not less than 10, nor more than 14, business days following receipt of the Counter Notification, unless the Company’s Designated Agent receives notice from the party that submitted the Notification of Claimed Infringement that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the User from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on the Company’s system or network.
False Notifications of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notifications . The Copyright Act provides that:

[a]ny person who knowingly materially misrepresents under [Section 512 of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512)] (1) that material or activity is infringing, or (2) that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by the alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner’s authorized licensee, or by a service provider, who is injured by such misrepresentation, as the result of [the Company] relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it.

17 U.S.C. § 512(f).

The Company reserves the right to seek damages from any party that submits a Notification of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notification in violation of the law.

Dispute Resolution .
Mandatory Arbitration . Please read this carefully. It affects your rights. THE COMPANY (AND ITS RESPECTIVE CORPORATE PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, PREDECESSORS IN INTEREST, SUCCESSORS, PERMITTED ASSIGNS), YOU AND ANY OTHER PARTIES ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE ACCESSING THE SERVICE AGREE TO ARBITRATION (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE TAKEN TO SMALL CLAIMS COURT), AS THE EXCLUSIVE FORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR BELOW, FOR ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS EULA OR THE SERVICE. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Please visit www.adr.org for more information.
Commencing Arbitration . A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by a reputable courier with a tracking mechanism, a written notice of intent to arbitrate (a “ Notice ”), or, in the absence of a mailing address provided by you to the Company, to you via any other method available to the Company, including via e-mail. The Notice to the Company should be addressed to 1161 Mission Street, Office #502, San Francisco, CA 94103, Attn: Chief Executive Officer (the “ Arbitration Notice Address ”). The Notice must (A) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (B) set forth the specific relief sought (the “ Demand ”). If you and the Company do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or the Company may commence an arbitration proceeding as set forth below or file a claim in small claims court. THE ARBITRATION WILL BE ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (“ AAA ”) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMMERCIAL ARBITRATION RULES AND THE SUPPLEMENTARY PROCEDURES FOR CONSUMER RELATED DISPUTES (“ Rules ”), AS MODIFIED BY THIS EULA. The Rules and AAA forms are available at http://www.adr.org . If you are required to pay a filing fee to commence arbitration against the Company, then the Company will promptly reimburse you for your confirmed payment of the filing fee upon the Company’s receipt of Notice at the Arbitration Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration along with a receipt evidencing payment of the filing fee, unless your Demand is equal to or greater than U.S.$1,000 or was filed in bad faith, in which case you are solely responsible for the payment of the filing fee.
Arbitration Proceeding . The arbitration will be conducted in English. A single independent and impartial arbitrator with his or her primary place of business in San Francisco County, California will be appointed pursuant to the Rules, as modified herein. You and the Company agree the following rules, which are intended to streamline the dispute resolution process and reduce the costs and burdens on the parties: (A) the arbitration will be conducted online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner to be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration; (B) the arbitration will not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the parties; and (C) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
No Class Actions . YOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT YOU AND THE COMPANY MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. FURTHER, YOU AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS OF MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING, AND THAT IF THIS SPECIFIC PROVISO IS FOUND TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN THE ENTIRETY OF THIS MANDATORY ARBITRATION SECTION WILL BE NULL AND VOID.
Decision of the Arbitrator . Barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrator will issue his or her decision within 120 days from the date the arbitrator is appointed. The arbitrator may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. All arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential, and all records relating thereto will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. The award of the arbitrator will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. The arbitrator will apply the laws of the State of California in conducting the arbitration. You acknowledge that these terms and your use of the Service evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. The United States Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation, enforcement, and proceedings pursuant to the Mandatory Arbitration clause in this EULA.
Equitable Relief . The foregoing provisions of this Dispute Resolution Section do not apply to any claim in which either party seeks equitable relief to protect such party’s copyrights, trademarks, or patents. You acknowledge that, in the event the Company or a third party breaches this EULA, the damage or harm, if any, caused to you will not entitle you to seek injunctive or other equitable relief against the Company, and your only remedy will be for monetary damages, subject to the limitations of liability set forth in this EULA.
Claims . You and the Company agree that, notwithstanding any other rights the party may have under law or equity, any cause of action arising out of or related to this EULA or the Service, excluding a claim for indemnification, must commence within one year after the cause of action accrues. Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
Improperly Filed Claims . All claims you bring against the Company must be resolved in accordance with this Dispute Resolution Section. All claims filed or brought contrary to this Dispute Resolution Section will be considered improperly filed. Should you file a claim contrary to this Dispute Resolution Section, the Company may recover attorneys’ fees and costs up to $5,000, provided that the Company has notified you in writing of the improperly filed claim, and you have failed to promptly withdraw the claim.
Modifications . In the event that the Company makes any future change to the Mandatory Arbitration provision (other than a change to the Company’s Arbitration Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Company’s Arbitration Notice Address, in which case your account with the Company and your license to use the Service will terminate immediately, and this Dispute Resolution provision, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject, will survive the termination of this EULA.
Enforceability . If only Section 11.a.iii or the entirety of this Section 11 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 11 will be null and void and, in such case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 17 will govern any action arising out of or related to this EULA.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties .THE FOLLOWING TERMS IN THIS SECTION 12 APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW:
THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “ COMPANY PARTIES ”) MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT (INCLUDING GIFTS) AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED, TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS APPROPRIATENESS, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY THEREOF. THE COMPANY PARTIES WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY FOR THE TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY CONTENT ON THE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION CONVEYED TO ANY USER, OR FOR ERRORS, MISTAKES OR OMISSIONS THEREIN, OR FOR ANY DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF THE DATA, OR INFORMATION STREAM FROM WHATEVER CAUSE. AS A USER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL CONTENT YOU UPLOAD TO THE SERVICE.
THE COMPANY PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE, OR THAT THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON (INCLUDING GIFTS) ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT THEREON RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, NO COMPANY PARTY WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
THE SERVICE AND ALL CONTENT THEREON (INCLUDING GIFTS) ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. ACCORDINGLY, THE COMPANY PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT WILL ANY COMPANY PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION RESULTING FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH COMPANY PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE COMPANY’S LIABILITY, AND THE LIABILITY OF ANY OTHER COMPANY PARTIES, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE FEES YOU HAVE PAID US FOR ANY GIFTS AND U.S. $100.
Third Party Disputes .TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE THE COMPANY PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.
Indemnification .To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company Parties from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from (i) your breach of this EULA; (ii) your access to, use or misuse of the Company Content or the Service; or (iii) your User Content. The Company will provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding. The Company reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this Section if the Company believes that you are unwilling or incapable of defending the Company’s interests. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting the Company’s defense of such matter at your expense.
Term and Termination of the EULA .
Term . As between you and the Company, the Term of this EULA commences as of your first use of the Service and continues until the termination of this EULA by either you or the Company.
Termination . You may terminate this EULA by sending written notification to the Company at privacy@musical.ly , deleting the Apps from your mobile devices, and terminating all other uses of the Service. If you wish to delete any of your User Content from the Service, then you may be able to do so using the permitted functionalities of the Apps, but the removal or deletion of such User Content will not terminate this EULA. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this EULA and your access to all or any part of the Service at any time without prior notice or liability if you breach any provision of this EULA or violate the rights of any third party copyright owner of musical works or sound recordings. The Company may further terminate this EULA for any other reason upon ten (10) days’ notice to you using the email address associated with your account credentials. The Company reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the Service at any time without prior notice or liability.
Sections 1.b , 2.c, 3.b, 3.d, 4-5, and 7-19 will survive the termination of this EULA indefinitely.
Consent to Electronic Communications .By using the Service, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in the Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy to learn more about your choices regarding our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
Miscellaneous. This EULA is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California without respect to its conflict of laws provisions. You expressly agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in San Francisco County, California. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and the Company as a result of this EULA or use of the Service. You further acknowledge that by submitting User Content, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or other relationship is created between you and the Company other than pursuant to this EULA. If any provision of this EULA is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this EULA, which will remain in full force and effect. Failure of the Company to act on or enforce any provision of this EULA will not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this EULA. No waiver will be effective against the Company unless made in writing, and no such waiver will be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. Except as expressly agreed by the Company and you, this EULA constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein. The Section headings are provided merely for convenience and will not be given any legal import. This EULA will inure to the benefit of our successors and assigns. Y ou may not assign this EULA or any of the rights or licenses granted hereunder, directly or indirectly, including by sale, merger, change of control, operation of law or otherwise, without the prior express written consent of the Company. This means that in the event you dispose of any device on which you have installed any App, such as by sale or gift, you are responsible for deleting any such App(s) from your mobile device prior to such disposition. The Company may assign this EULA, including all its rights hereunder, without restriction.
Contact Us.If you would like to contact us in connection with your use of the Service, then please refer to the contact information below: by mail at musical.ly, Inc., 2461 Santa Monica Blvd, P.O. Box # 344, Santa Monica, CA 90404, and by email at privacy@musical.ly.
Open Source Software .The Apps contain certain open source software. Each item of open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms, which can be found at http://musical.ly/opensource.html .
NOTICE REGARDING APPLE . You acknowledge that this EULA is between you and the Company only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Apps or the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apps. In the event of any failure of the Apps to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price for the relevant Apps to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apps. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Apps or your possession and/or use of the Apps, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Apps fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third party claim that the Apps or your possession and use of the Apps infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third party terms, when using the Apps. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this EULA, and upon your acceptance of this EULA, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this EULA against you as a third party beneficiary of this EULA. You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. If the Company provides a translation of the English language version of this EULA, the translation is provided solely for convenience, and the English version will prevail.
