Terms of Website Use
 

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE


Terms of website use

These terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tell you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.heysuccess.com (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user, as a consumer (such as a student or graduate) or business user (such as a university, recruiter or other organization). Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site and subscribing to the services we provide.

Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as they will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.

By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.

If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.


Other applicable terms

The following additional terms (which may be referred to in these terms of use) also apply to your use of our site:

Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site. When using our site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
If you subscribe to any services on our site, our User Agreement will apply to the subscriptions.


Information about us

www.heysuccess.com is a site operated by HeySuccess Limited ("We"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 08749276 and have our registered office and main trading address at Innovation Warehouse, 1 East Poultry Avenue, London EC1A 9PT, United Kingdom.


Changes to these terms

We may revise these terms of use, in whole or in part, at any time by amending this page without notice to you.

Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you from the time they are posted. Your continued use of our site after any such changes are made will be considered acceptance of the changes.


Accessing our site

Our site is made available free of charge. You can choose whether to take advantage of one of the premium programs we offer to individuals and businesses, by payment of subscription fees as described in and subject to the terms of the User Agreement.

To use certain services on our site, you must register for an account. By registering for an account, you must complete a user profile and add at least one social media account (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, Pinterest or YouTube) which belongs to you. Only completed and activated student and graduate profiles will be visible to recruiters. Certain information in your profile may be visible to other HeySuccess users who you follow, subject to the privacy choices you make within your account settings. You may edit certain information in your profile via your account and may choose to limit who is able to view certain content you post to your profile. Even if your profile is private, other users can still view your basic profile details (including your picture, number of views and followers, whether you have a premium subscription, citizenship, current location, language proficiency and reputational reference rating). Full profile details will only be revealed to other users when those users follow you back. You agree to provide true, accurate and complete information on your profile and all registration and other forms you access on our site or provide to us, and agree to update your information to maintain its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness (including but not limited to details concerning any financial funding arrangements available to participating students in relation to opportunities posted). You agree not to provide and to correct any information about your location, your business, your skills, or the services your business provides that is or becomes false or misleading. We reserve the right to deactivate the account of any user in breach of this provision and prohibit their future use of our site.

We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.

You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.


Your account and password

If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential and you must not disclose it to any third party or allow any other person to use or share your account. You authorise HeySuccess Limited to assume that any person using our site with your password either is you or is authorised to act for you.

We have the right to disable any user identification code or password at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.

If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your login information or password, you must promptly change your password via the ‘Recover Password’ facility on our site. You further agree not to use the login credentials of any other user of the site, and not to allow others to use your login credentials at any time.


Intellectual property rights

We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it, including, without limitation, images, graphics, text, illustrations, logos, trade marks, service marks, photographs, videos and audio content.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved and nothing in these terms shall be deemed to create a licence of any such rights. Any copying, redistribution, reproduction, transmission, republication or modification of part or all of the contents of our site in any form is strictly prohibited except to the extent that this section permits it.

You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.

You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.

Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.

You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.

If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.


No reliance on information

We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site and provide full details about available opportunities, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.

The content on our site is provided “as is” for general information only. We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, about the quality, safety, truth or accuracy, or legality of, any of the information or opportunities posted; the qualifications, background, reliability or identities of the users; the ability of any providers to deliver the services or opportunities posted; the accuracy of details about financial funding arrangements available to students for any opportunities posted; or that our site, or any content on it, will meet your requirements or be accurate, reliable, complete or up-to-date.

HeySuccess Limited does not itself make any educational opportunities or programmes available, offer any financial support, scholarships or other opportunities advertised on our site, nor directly introduce or help to match recruiters with suitable candidates. We are not a party to the dealings between recruiters and students or graduates, and take no responsibility for posts, proposals, screening, selection, participation or application fees or costs, visa requirements, the performance of opportunities, work arrangements, or any other aspect of any relationship initiated as a result of using our site. We merely make the site available to facilitate contact between recruiters and talent, and enable users to identify and determine the suitability of opportunities and candidates for themselves.

 Where you wish to request a reference from a third party, you agree to obtain permission from such referee to be contacted by HeySuccess Limited for this purpose before providing us with their contact details. We take no responsibility for any reference they provide. You acknowledge that any such reference may be negative or defamatory, visible on your profile to other users who follow you on the site, and may affect your reputational rating (which is visible to all users on the site).

Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only and do not imply any endorsement of those sites and resources by us. We have no control over the content, accuracy, or services provided by those sites or resources. They are not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely and you assume all responsibility and risk arising from your use of or reliance on such sites and resources.

Before taking any action on the basis of the content on our site, you must contact the relevant opportunity provider directly for official and up-to-date information and instructions about opportunities featured on our site (which are subject to change at any time), or to apply for or make queries about such opportunities. We do not have any control over the reliability of the information provided by any third parties and any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk.

Translations of opportunity descriptions into other languages are machine-generated (Google Translate API) and they should not be considered complete, accurate or faithful translations. We disclaim all liability for any and all mistranslations.

 

Limitation of our liability

Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.

To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.

We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable or we have been informed of the possibility of such loss or damage, arising under or in connection with:

use of, or inability to use, our site;
any negative or defamatory comments made about you by your referee(s) or other users;
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site; or
service interruption, computer damage or system failure.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:

loss of profits, data, sales, business, or revenue;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.

Whilst we use our best endeavours to take all necessary steps to ensure the security of our site (including having in place an SSL Certificate), we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.

We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked to on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as an endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.

In addition to the recognition that HeySuccess Limited is not a party to any contract between users, you hereby release HeySuccess Limited from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any dispute you have with another user, whether it be at law or in equity. This release includes, for example and without limitation, any disputes regarding the performance, functions and quality of any opportunities provided or candidates selected, and requests for refunds based upon disputes.

 

Uploading content to our site

Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.

You warrant that any such contribution complies with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.

Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in the section below (Rights you licence).

We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.

We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.

We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.

The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.

You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content and for all of your communications and interactions with other users of our site and as a result of your use of the site.


Rights you licence

When you upload or post content to our site, you grant a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence to HeySuccess Limited to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, promote, and perform that user generated content in connection with the service provided by us and across different media.


Viruses

We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.

You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.

You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored,  any server, computer or database connected to our site, or any private user data associated with our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.


Linking to our site

You may link to our any page of our website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.

You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.

You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.

Our site must not be framed on any other site.

We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy .

If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact info@HeySuccess.com.


Applicable law

If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.

If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.


Contact us

To contact us, please email info@HeySuccess.com.

Thank you for visiting our site.